-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 J6FSdozaYHEvEw9U1CsMSvLXooPlmJnyukTn7zG982Ssx6vJ6yeyqNsf6oDXKS+v
 I58vnN2xqYMu7d13is5CBA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950124-03-001035.txt : 20030331
<SEC-HEADER>0000950124-03-001035.hdr.sgml : 20030331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20030331160454
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950124-03-001035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		25
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20021231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20030331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUN COMMUNITIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912593
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				382730780
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-72461
		FILM NUMBER:		03630780

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31700 MIDDLEBELT RD
		STREET 2:		STE 145
		CITY:			FARMINGTON HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48334
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2489323100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31700 MIDDLEBELT RD
		STREET 2:		STE 145
		CITY:			FARMINGTON HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48334
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>k74386e10vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED 12/31/02
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K
(Mark One)

[X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934
     FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002

                                       OR

[ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                           Commission File No. 1-12616

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

STATE OF MARYLAND                                                     38-2730780
State of Incorporation                                  I.R.S. Employer I.D. No.

                              31700 MIDDLEBELT ROAD
                                    SUITE 145
                        FARMINGTON HILLS, MICHIGAN 48334
                                 (248) 932-3100
          (Address of principal executive offices and telephone number)

           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                     COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $.01 PER SHARE

           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                                      NONE

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.

                                     [ X ]

         Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                                   Yes  X  No
                                       ---    ---

         Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an accelerated filer
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

                                   Yes  X  No
                                       ---    ---

         As of June 30, 2002, the aggregate market value of the Registrant's
stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $696,000,000. As of March 3,
2003, the aggregate market value of the Registrant's voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately $581,000,000. As of March 3,
2003, there were 18,107,102 shares of the Registrant's common stock issued and
outstanding.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

         Portions of the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed for
its 2003 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part
III of this Report.



<PAGE>

         As used in this report, "Company", "Us", "We", "Our" and similar terms
means Sun Communities, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and one or more of its
subsidiaries (including the Operating Partnership (as defined below)).

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

         We are a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment
trust, or REIT. We own, operate, develop and finance manufactured housing
communities concentrated in the midwestern and southeastern United States. We
are a fully integrated real estate company which, together with our affiliates
and predecessors, have been in the business of acquiring, operating and
expanding manufactured housing communities since 1975. As of December 31, 2002,
we owned and operated a portfolio of 129 properties located in seventeen states
(the "Properties"), including 117 manufactured housing communities, five
recreational vehicle communities, and seven properties containing both
manufactured housing and recreational vehicle sites. As of December 31, 2002,
the Properties contained an aggregate of 43,959 developed sites comprised of
38,832 developed manufactured home sites and 5,127 recreational vehicle sites
and an additional 7,642 manufactured home sites suitable for development. In
order to enhance property performance and cash flow, the Company, through Sun
Home Services, Inc., a Michigan corporation ("SHS"), actively markets and sells
new and used manufactured homes for placement in the Properties.

         Our executive and principal property management office is located at
31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48334 and our
telephone number is (248) 932-3100. We have regional property management offices
located in Austin, Texas, Dayton, Ohio, Grand Rapids, Michigan, Elkhart, Indiana
and Orlando, Florida, and we employed an aggregate of 564 people as of December
31, 2002.

         Our website address is www.suncommunities.com and we make available,
free of charge, on or through our website all of our periodic reports, including
our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current
reports on Form 8-K, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such
reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

         Acquisitions. During 2002, we acquired three communities in Texas
for approximately $48.6 million in cash, Preferred OP Units ("POP Units"), and
assumption of debt. These communities currently comprise approximately 930
developed sites and an additional 538 sites available for development.

         SunChamp. In December 2002, we purchased the ownership interest of
Champion Enterprises in SunChamp LLC, a joint venture to develop eleven new
communities in Texas, North Carolina, Ohio and Indiana, for approximately $6.2
million, payable pursuant to a 7-year promissory note (a) bearing interest at
3.46% per annum, (b) requiring no principal or interest payments until maturity
(other than a one-time prepayment of interest in the amount of approximately
$270,000 at closing), and (c) providing that all payment obligations are
subordinate in all respects to the return of the members' equity (including the
gross book value of the acquired equity) plus a preferred return. As a result of
this acquisition, we currently own approximately a 59% equity interest in
SunChamp. In addition, in September 2002, we acquired the senior lender's entire
right, title and interest in and to SunChamp's construction


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

loan for a purchase price equal to 89% of the outstanding indebtedness thereof,
which constitutes a discount of approximately $5.8 million.

         Origen. We currently own approximately a 30% equity interest in Origen
Financial, L.L.C. ("Origen") (a financial services company that provides and
services loans used by consumers to finance the purchase of manufactured homes).
Origen's business has been negatively impacted by the current condition of the
manufactured housing finance industry, illustrated by the bankruptcy filings of
Oakwood Homes Corporation and Conseco, Inc. in late 2002. In particular,
Origen's business has suffered as a result of the general economic recession,
excessive amounts of repossession inventory, declining recovery rates in the
repossession market and the deteriorating asset-backed securitization market.
While we believe that Origen can still become a profitable national lender in
its industry, we wrote-off our remaining equity investment in Origen
(approximately $13.6 million) in the fourth quarter of 2002. We reached this
decision based on our assessment of Origen's existing market conditions and
prospects as well as a "worst-case" scenario prepared by Origen's management for
2003. We believe our equity investment in Origen is impaired from a financial
reporting perspective and should be written off.

         We, along with two other participants, provide a secured credit
facility to Origen bearing interest at a per annum rate equal to LIBOR plus 700
basis points, with a minimum interest rate of 11% and a maximum interest rate of
15%. Although this credit facility was due in December 2002, Origen did not have
sufficient liquidity to repay this facility when due, primarily as a result of
its inability to sell its loan portfolio in the deteriorating asset-backed
securitization market. Accordingly, this credit facility was renewed and
extended in December 2002. The facility has been increased to $58.0 million,
consisting of a $48.0 million line of credit and a $10.0 million term loan, and
is due December 31, 2003, extendable automatically to December 31, 2004 upon the
occurrence of certain events. Our participation in this credit facility has
increased from $20.0 million to $35.5 million, of which $18.0 million is
subordinate in all respects to the first $40.0 million funded under the facility
by the three participants. We do not believe that our advances to Origen are
impaired at this time because Origen had substantial reserves and positive
equity at December 31, 2002. We will continually evaluate the realizability of
our advances to Origen in accordance with applicable accounting standards. See,
"Factors That May Affect Future Results -- Our advances to Origen subject us to
certain risks."

STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY

         Structured as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT, Sun Communities
Operating Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership (the "Operating
Partnership"), is the entity through which we conduct substantially all of our
operations, and which owns, either directly or indirectly through subsidiaries,
all of our assets (the subsidiaries, collectively with the Operating
Partnership, the "Subsidiaries"). This UPREIT structure enables us to comply
with certain complex requirements under the Federal tax rules and regulations
applicable to REITs, and to acquire manufactured housing communities in
transactions that defer some or all of the sellers' tax consequences. We are the
sole general partner of, and, as of December 31, 2002, held approximately 87.6%
of the interests (not including preferred limited partnership interests) in, the
Operating Partnership. The Subsidiaries also include SHS, which provides
manufactured home sales and other services to current and prospective tenants of
the Properties. Along with several other subsidiaries, SHS wholly owns Sun Water
Oak Golf, Inc., which was organized to own and


                                      -3-
<PAGE>

operate the golf course, restaurant and related facilities located on the Water
Oak Property that was acquired in December 1993, and SUI TRS, Inc., which was
organized to hold our investment in Origen. See "Factors that May Affect Future
Results -- Some of our directors and officers may have conflicts of interest
with respect to certain related party transactions and other business
interests."

THE MANUFACTURED HOUSING COMMUNITY INDUSTRY

         A manufactured housing community is a residential subdivision designed
and improved with sites for the placement of manufactured homes and related
improvements and amenities. Manufactured homes are detached, single-family homes
which are produced off-site by manufacturers and installed on sites within the
community. Manufactured homes are available in a wide array of designs,
providing owners with a level of customization generally unavailable in other
forms of multifamily housing.

         Modern manufactured housing communities, such as the Properties,
contain improvements similar to other garden-style residential developments,
including centralized entrances, paved streets, curbs and gutters, and parkways.
In addition, these communities also often provide a number of amenities, such as
a clubhouse, a swimming pool, shuffleboard courts, tennis courts, laundry
facilities and cable television service.

         The owner of each home on our Properties leases the site on which the
home is located. We own the underlying land, utility connections, streets,
lighting, driveways, common area amenities and other capital improvements and
are responsible for enforcement of community guidelines and maintenance. Some of
the Properties provide water and sewer service through public or private
utilities, while others provide these services to residents from on-site
facilities. Each owner within our Properties is responsible for the maintenance
of his or her home and leased site. As a result, capital expenditure needs tend
to be less significant, relative to multi-family rental apartment complexes.

PROPERTY MANAGEMENT

         Our property management strategy emphasizes intensive, hands-on
management by dedicated, on-site district and community managers. We believe
that this on-site focus enables us to continually monitor and address tenant
concerns, the performance of competitive properties and local market conditions.
Of the 564 Company employees, 491 are located on-site as property managers,
support staff, or maintenance personnel.

         Our community managers are overseen by Brian W. Fannon, Chief Operating
Officer, who has 33 years of property management experience, four Vice
Presidents of Operations and seventeen Regional Vice Presidents. In addition,
the Regional Vice Presidents are responsible for semi-annual market surveys of
competitive communities, interaction with local manufactured home dealers and
regular property inspections.



                                      -4-
<PAGE>

         Each district or community manager performs regular inspections in
order to continually monitor the Property's physical condition and provides
managers with the opportunity to understand and effectively address tenant
concerns. In addition to a district or community manager, each district or
property has an on-site maintenance personnel and management support staff. We
hold periodic training sessions for all property management personnel to ensure
that management policies are implemented effectively and professionally.

HOME SALES

         SHS offers manufactured home sales services to tenants and prospective
tenants of our Properties. Since tenants often purchase a home already on-site
within a community, such services enhance occupancy and property performance.
Additionally, because many of the homes on the Properties are sold through SHS,
better control of home quality in our communities can be maintained than if
sales services were conducted solely through third-party brokers.

REGULATIONS AND INSURANCE

         General. Manufactured housing community properties are subject to
various laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to
recreational facilities such as swimming pools, clubhouses and other common
areas. We believe that each Property has the necessary operating permits and
approvals.

         Americans with Disabilities Act ("ADA"). The Properties and any newly
acquired manufactured housing communities must comply with the ADA. The ADA has
separate compliance requirements for "public accommodations" and "commercial
facilities," but generally requires that public facilities such as clubhouses,
pools and recreation areas be made accessible to people with disabilities.
Compliance with ADA requirements could require removal of access barriers and
other capital improvements at our Properties. Noncompliance could result in
imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. We do not
believe the ADA will have a material adverse impact on our results of
operations. If required property improvements involve a greater expenditure than
we currently anticipate, or if the improvements must be made on a more
accelerated basis than we anticipate, our ability to make expected distributions
could be adversely affected. We believe that our competitors face similar costs
to comply with the requirements of the ADA.

         Insurance. Our management believes that the Properties are covered by
adequate fire, flood, property and business interruption insurance provided by
reputable companies with commercially reasonable deductibles and limits. We
maintain a blanket policy that covers all of our Properties. We have obtained
title insurance insuring fee title to the Properties in an aggregate amount
which we believe to be adequate.

FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS

         Our prospects are subject to certain uncertainties and risks. Our
future results could differ materially from current results, and our actual
results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking
statements as a result of certain risk factors. These risk factors include, but
are not limited to, those set forth below, other one-time events, and important
factors disclosed previously and from time to time in other Company filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. This report contains certain
forward-looking statements.




                                      -5-
<PAGE>

                                REAL ESTATE RISKS

General economic conditions and the concentration of our properties in Michigan
and Florida may affect our ability to generate sufficient revenue.

         The market and economic conditions in our current markets generally,
and specifically in metropolitan areas of our current markets, may significantly
affect manufactured home occupancy or rental rates. Occupancy and rental rates,
in turn, may significantly affect our revenues, and if our communities do not
generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses, including debt
service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to pay or refinance
our debt obligations could be adversely affected. We derived significant amounts
of rental income for the period ended December 31, 2002 from properties located
in Michigan and Florida. As of December 31, 2002, 44 of our 129 Properties, or
approximately 34%, are located in Michigan, and 20 or approximately 16%, are
located in Florida. As a result of the geographic concentration of our
Properties in Michigan and Florida, we are exposed to the risks of downturns in
the local economy or other local real estate market conditions which could
adversely affect occupancy rates, rental rates and property values of properties
in these markets. The following factors, among others, may adversely affect the
revenues generated by our communities:

         -    the national and local economic climate which may be adversely
              impacted by, among other factors, plant closings and industry
              slowdowns;

         -    local real estate market conditions such as the oversupply of
              manufactured housing sites or a reduction in demand for
              manufactured housing sites in an area;

         -    the rental market which may limit the extent to which rents may be
              increased to meet increased expenses without decreasing occupancy
              rates;

         -    the perceptions by prospective tenants of the safety, convenience
              and attractiveness of the Properties and the neighborhoods where
              they are located;

         -    zoning or other regulatory restrictions;

         -    competition from other available manufactured housing sites and
              alternative forms of housing (such as apartment buildings and
              site-built single-family homes);

         -    our ability to provide adequate management, maintenance and
              insurance;

         -    increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, real
              estate taxes and utilities; or

         -    the enactment of rent control laws.


                                      -6-
<PAGE>

         Our income would also be adversely affected if tenants were unable to
pay rent or if sites were unable to be rented on favorable terms. If we were
unable to promptly relet or renew the leases for a significant number of the
sites, or if the rental rates upon such renewal or reletting were significantly
lower than expected rates, then our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected. In addition, certain expenditures associated with each
equity investment (such as real estate taxes and maintenance costs) generally
are not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the
investment. Furthermore, real estate investments are relatively illiquid and,
therefore, will tend to limit our ability to vary our portfolio promptly in
response to changes in economic or other conditions.

Competition affects occupancy levels and rents which could adversely affect our
revenues.

         All of our Properties are located in developed areas that include other
manufactured housing community properties. The number of competitive
manufactured housing community properties in a particular area could have a
material adverse effect on our ability to lease sites and on rents charged at
our Properties or at any newly acquired properties. We may be competing with
others with greater resources and whose officers and directors have more
experience than our officers and directors. In addition, other forms of
multi-family residential properties, such as private and federally funded or
assisted multi-family housing projects and single-family housing, provide
housing alternatives to potential tenants of manufactured housing communities.

Our ability to sell manufactured homes may be affected by various factors, which
may in turn adversely affect our profitability.

         SHS is in the manufactured home sales market offering manufactured home
sales services to tenants and prospective tenants of our communities. The market
for the sale of manufactured homes may be adversely affected by the following
factors:

         -    downturns in economic conditions which adversely impact the
              housing market;

         -    an oversupply of, or a reduced demand for, manufactured homes;

         -    the difficulty facing potential purchasers in obtaining affordable
              financing as a result of heightened lending criteria; and

         -    an increase in the rate of manufactured home repossessions which
              provide aggressively priced competition to new manufactured home
              sales.

         Any of the above listed factors could adversely impact our rate of
manufactured home sales, which would result in a decrease in profitability.

Increases in taxes and regulatory compliance costs may reduce our revenue.

         Costs resulting from changes in real estate tax laws generally may be
passed through to tenants and will not affect us. Increases in income, service
or other taxes, however, generally are not passed through to tenants under
leases and may adversely affect our funds from operations and our ability to pay
or refinance our debt. Similarly, changes in laws increasing the potential
liability for environmental conditions existing on properties or increasing the
restrictions on discharges or other conditions may result in significant
unanticipated expenditures, which would adversely affect our business and
results of operations.




                                      -7-
<PAGE>

We may not be able to integrate or finance our development activities.

We are engaged in the construction and development of new communities, and
intend to continue in the development and construction business in the future.
Our development and construction business may be exposed to the following risks
which are in addition to those risks associated with the ownership and operation
of established manufactured housing communities:

         -    we may not be able to obtain financing with favorable terms for
              community development which may make us unable to proceed with the
              development;

         -    we may be unable to obtain, or face delays in obtaining, necessary
              zoning, building and other governmental permits and
              authorizations, which could result in increased costs and delays,
              and even require us to abandon development of the community
              entirely if we are unable to obtain such permits or
              authorizations;

         -    we may abandon development opportunities that we have already
              begun to explore and as a result we may not recover expenses
              already incurred in connection with exploring such development
              opportunities;

         -    we may be unable to complete construction and lease-up of a
              community on schedule resulting in increased debt service expense
              and construction costs;

         -    we may incur construction and development costs for a community
              which exceed our original estimates due to increased materials,
              labor or other costs, which could make completion of the community
              uneconomical and we may not be able to increase rents to
              compensate for the increase in development costs which may impact
              our profitability;

         -    we may be unable to secure long-term financing on completion of
              development resulting in increased debt service and lower
              profitability; and

         -    occupancy rates and rents at a newly developed community may
              fluctuate depending on several factors, including market and
              economic conditions, which may result in the community not being
              profitable.

If any of the above occurred, our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected.


We may not be able to integrate or finance our acquisitions and our acquisitions
may not perform as expected.

         We acquire and intend to continue to acquire manufactured housing
communities on a select basis. The success and profitability of our acquisition
activities are subject to the risks of the acquired community failing to perform
as expected based on our analyses of our investment in the community, and our
underestimation of the costs of repositioning, redeveloping or expanding the
acquired community.



                                      -8-
<PAGE>

Rent control legislation may harm our ability to increase rents.


State and local rent control laws in certain jurisdictions may limit our ability
to increase rents and to recover increases in operating expenses and the costs
of capital improvements. Enactment of such laws has been considered from time to
time in other jurisdictions. Certain Properties are located, and we may purchase
additional properties, in markets that are either subject to rent control or in
which rent-limiting legislation exists or may be enacted.

We may be subject to environmental liability.

         Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and
regulations, an owner or operator of real estate is liable for the costs of
removal or remediation of certain hazardous substances on, under or in such
property. Such laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the
owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous
substances. The presence of such substances, or the failure to properly
remediate such substances, may adversely affect the owner's ability to sell or
rent such property, to borrow using such property as collateral or to develop
such property. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous
substances also may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of such
substances at a disposal or treatment facility owned or operated by another
person. In addition, certain environmental laws impose liability for the
management and disposal of asbestos-containing materials and for the release of
such materials into the air. These laws may provide for third parties to seek
recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury
associated with asbestos-containing materials. In connection with the ownership,
operation, management, and development of real properties, we may be considered
an owner or operator of such properties and, therefore, are potentially liable
for removal or remediation costs, and also may be liable for governmental fines
and injuries to persons and property. When we arrange for the treatment or
disposal of hazardous substances at landfills or other facilities owned by other
persons, we may be liable for the removal or remediation costs at such
facilities.

         All of the Properties have been subject to a Phase I or similar
environmental audit (which involves general inspections without soil sampling or
ground water analysis) completed by independent environmental consultants. These
environmental audits have not revealed any significant environmental liability
that would have a material adverse effect on our business. These audits cannot
reflect conditions arising after the studies were completed, and no assurances
can be given that existing environmental studies reveal all environmental
liabilities, that any prior owner or operator of a property or neighboring owner
or operator did not create any material environmental condition not known to us,
or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any
one or more Properties.

Losses in excess of our insurance coverage or uninsured losses could adversely
affect our cash flow.

We maintain comprehensive liability, fire, flood (where appropriate), extended
coverage, and rental loss insurance on the Properties with policy
specifications, limits, and deductibles which are customarily carried for
similar properties. As a result of market conditions in the insurance industry,
we recently decided to carry a large deductible on our liability insurance. We
expect our exposure under our liability insurance to be limited and we expect
losses to be less than the premium saved by implementing this program. Certain
types of losses, however, may be either uninsurable or not economically
insurable, such as losses due to earthquakes, riots, or acts


                                      -9-
<PAGE>

of war. In the event an uninsured loss occurs, we could lose both our investment
in and anticipated profits and cash flow from the affected property. Any loss
would adversely affect our ability to repay our debt. In the year 2000, our
former insurance carrier filed bankruptcy, and as a result some or all of the
outstanding and incurred, but not yet reported, claims against our policy may
not be covered which would require us to cover the loss directly. We expect our
maximum exposure associated with this insurance carrier's bankruptcy to be
immaterial and therefore, no reserve has been provided in the financial
statements.


                         FINANCING AND INVESTMENT RISKS

Our significant amount of debt could limit our operational flexibility or
otherwise adversely affect our financial condition.

         We have a significant amount of debt. As of December 31, 2002, we had
approximately $667 million of total debt outstanding, consisting of
approximately $270 million in collateralized debt, and approximately $397
million in unsecured debt. Included in the collateralized debt outstanding is
$254 million of indebtedness that is collateralized by mortgage liens on 35 of
the Properties (the "Mortgage Debt"). In addition, as of December 31, 2002, we
had entered into two capitalized lease obligations for an aggregate of $16.4
million. Each capitalized lease obligation involves a lease for a manufactured
housing community providing that we will lease the community for a certain
number of years and then have the option to purchase the community at or prior
to the end of the lease term. In each case, if we fail to exercise our purchase
right, the landlord has the right to require us to buy the property at the same
price for which we had the purchase option. If we fail to meet our obligations
under the Mortgage Debt, the lender would be entitled to foreclose on all or
some of the Properties securing such debt. If we fail to satisfy our lease
obligations or an obligation to purchase the property, the landlord/seller would
be entitled to evict us from the property. In each event, this could have a
material adverse effect on us and our ability to make expected distributions,
and could threaten our continued viability.

         We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing,
including the following risks:

         -    our cash flow may be insufficient to meet required payments of
              principal and interest, or require us to dedicate a substantial
              portion of our cash flow to pay our debt and the interest
              associated with our debt rather than to other areas of our
              business;

         -    our existing indebtedness may limit our operating flexibility due
              to financial and other restrictive covenants, including
              restrictions on incurring additional debt;

         -    it may be more difficult for us to obtain additional financing in
              the future for our operations, working capital requirements,
              capital expenditures, debt service or other general requirements;

         -    we may be more vulnerable in the event of adverse economic and
              industry conditions or a downturn in our business; and


                                      -10-
<PAGE>

         -    we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage compared to our
              competitors that have less debt.

         If any of the above risks occurred, our financial condition and results
of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Our advances to Origen subject us to certain risks.

         Currently, we (together with one unaffiliated lender and one lender
affiliated with Gary A. Shiffman, our Chief Executive Officer) provide financing
to Origen. The financing provided to Origen consists of a $48.0 million standby
line of credit and a $10.0 million term loan, each bearing interest at a per
annum rate equal to 700 basis points over LIBOR, with a minimum interest rate of
11% and a maximum interest rate of 15%. This credit facility matures December
31, 2003 but is extendable automatically to December 31, 2004 upon the
occurrence of certain events. This credit facility is collateralized by a
security interest in Origen's assets, which is subordinate in all respects to
all institutional indebtedness of Origen, and a guaranty and pledge of assets by
Bingham Financial Services Corporation.

         Under the terms of a participation agreement we entered into with the
other lenders, we are obligated to loan up to $35.5 million to Origen under the
credit facility (of which approximately $33.6 million was advanced as of
December 31, 2002) and the other lenders are required to loan up to $22.5
million to Origen under the credit facility and we jointly administer the credit
facility. Under the participation agreement, we are entitled to 43.75% of the
first $40.0 million of proceeds from Origen upon repayment of the credit
facility and $18.0 million of our advances to Origen are subordinate in all
respects to the first $40.0 million of proceeds from Origen upon repayment of
the credit facility.

         Origen's business has been negatively impacted by the current condition
of the manufactured housing finance industry, illustrated by the bankruptcy
filings of Oakwood Homes Corporation and Conseco, Inc. in the fourth quarter of
2002. In particular, Origen's business has suffered as a result of the general
economic recession, excessive amounts of repossession inventory, declining
recovery rates in the repossession market and the deteriorating asset-backed
securitization market. Origen's principal source of liquidity is its
securitization program through which its loans are sold into the asset-backed
securities market. Although Origen has successfully accessed this market in the
past, Origen is currently unable to access the asset-backed securities market on
favorable terms and Origen may not be able to access this market on terms
attractive to Origen in the future. If Origen cannot sell its loans in the
asset-backed securities market on favorable terms and Origen is unable to secure
alternative sources of funding, its business, financial condition and liquidity
will be materially adversely affected.

         Although we do not believe that our advances to Origen are impaired at
this time, we will continually evaluate the realizability of our advances to
Origen in accordance with applicable accounting standards and we may be required
to write-off all or a portion of our advances to Origen in the future. If we
write-off all or a portion of our advances to Origen in the future, our results
of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely
affected.

         In addition, the Origen credit facility subjects us to all of the risks
of being a lender. These risks include the risks relating to borrower
delinquency and default and the adequacy of the collateral for such loans.
Because this credit facility is subordinated to certain senior debt of Origen,
in the event Origen is unable to meet its obligations under the senior debt
facility, our


                                      -11-
<PAGE>

right to receive amounts owed to us under our credit facility will be suspended
pending payment of the amounts owing under the senior debt facility. Because the
security interest securing Origen's obligations under the credit facility is
subordinate to the security interest of certain senior debt of Origen, in the
event of a bankruptcy of Origen, our right to access Origen's assets to satisfy
the amounts outstanding under the credit facility would be subject to the senior
lender's prior rights to the same collateral. Moreover, if we choose to advance
additional funds to Origen beyond the $58.0 million credit facility and the
other participation lenders do not participate in such additional advances,
these secondary advances will be subordinate to any senior debt of Origen and
subordinate to all indebtedness of Origen in which all participation lenders
have participated.

The financial condition and solvency of our borrowers and the market value of
our properties may adversely affect our investments in real estate, installment
and other loans.

         As of December 31, 2002, we had an investment of approximately $38.4
million in real estate loans to several entities and Properties, some of which
are secured by a first lien on the underlying property, and others which are
unsecured loans subordinate to the primary lender. Also, as of December 31,
2002, we had outstanding approximately $11.6 million in installment loans to
owners of manufactured homes. These installment loans are collateralized by the
manufactured homes. We may invest in additional mortgages and installment loans
in the future. As of December 31, 2002, we had advances of approximately $33.6
million to Origen under a $58.0 million credit facility. By virtue of our
investment in the mortgages and the loans, we are subject to the following risks
of such investment:

         -    the borrowers may not be able to make debt service payments or pay
              principal when due;

         -    the value of property securing the mortgages and loans may be less
              than the amounts owed; and

         -    interest rates payable on the mortgages and loans may be lower
              than our cost of funds.

If any of the above occurred, our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

                                    TAX RISKS

We may suffer adverse tax consequences and be unable to attract capital if we
fail to qualify as a REIT.

         We believe that since our taxable year ended December 31, 1994, we have
been organized and operated, and intend to continue to operate, so as to qualify
for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. Although we believe that
we have been and will continue to be organized and have operated and will
continue to operate so as to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we cannot assure
you that we have been or will continue to be organized or operated in a manner
to so qualify or remain so qualified.

         Qualification as a REIT involves the satisfaction of numerous
requirements (some on an annual and quarterly basis) established under highly
technical and complex Code provisions for


                                      -12-
<PAGE>

which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations, and
involves the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not
entirely within our control. In addition, frequent changes occur in the area of
REIT taxation, which require the Company continually to monitor its tax status.
In one recent change, Congress modified the asset test applicable to REITs and
the Code now provides that for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2000,
REITs may own more than ten percent of the voting power and value of securities
of a taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS"). A corporation is treated as a TRS if a
REIT owns stock in the corporation and the REIT and the corporation jointly
elect such treatment. Effective July 1, 2001, we made a TRS election for SHS.
During the period from January 1, 2001 through June 30, 2001, we believe that
SHS met certain grandfather rules permitting REITs indirectly to own more than
ten percent of the value of a corporation, without violating any REIT asset
tests. Nevertheless, we cannot assure you that the Internal Revenue Service
would not determine that SHS failed to meet one or more of the highly technical
grandfather rules during this period.

         Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss, P.C. has delivered an opinion to us to the
effect that, based on various assumptions and qualifications set forth in the
opinion, Sun Communities, Inc. has been organized and has operated in conformity
with the requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Code for its taxable
years ended December 31, 1994 through December 31, 2002. The opinion is
expressed as of its date and Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss, P.C. has no obligation
to advise us of any change in applicable law or of any change in matters stated,
represented or assumed after the date of such opinion. Furthermore, we cannot
assure you that the Internal Revenue Service would not decide differently from
the views expressed in counsel's opinion and such opinion represents only the
best judgment of counsel and is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or
the courts.

         If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we would be
subject to federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax)
on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. Moreover, unless entitled to
relief under certain statutory provisions, we also would be disqualified from
treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which
qualification was lost. This treatment would reduce our net earnings available
for investment or distribution to stockholders because of the additional tax
liability to us for the years involved. In addition, distributions to
stockholders would no longer be required to be made. Even if we qualify for and
maintain our REIT status, we will be subject to certain federal, state and local
taxes on our property and certain of our operations.

We intend for the Operating Partnership to qualify as a partnership, but we
cannot guarantee that it will qualify.

         We believe that the Operating Partnership has been organized as a
partnership and will qualify for treatment as such under the Code. However, if
the Operating Partnership is deemed to be a "publicly traded partnership," it
will be treated as a corporation instead of a partnership for federal income tax
purposes unless at least 90% of its income is qualifying income as defined in
the Internal Revenue Code. The income requirements applicable to REITs and the
definition of "qualifying income" for purposes of this 90% test are similar in
most respects. Qualifying income for the 90% test generally includes passive
income, such as specified types of real property rents, dividends and interest.
We believe that the Operating Partnership would meet this 90% test, but we
cannot guarantee that it would. If the Operating Partnership were to be taxed as
a corporation, it would incur substantial tax liabilities, we would fail to
qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, and our ability to raise
additional capital could be significantly impaired.




                                      -13-
<PAGE>

Our ability to accumulate cash is restricted due to certain REIT distribution
requirements.

         In order to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute to our stockholders
at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (calculated without any deduction for
dividends paid and excluding net capital gain) and to avoid federal income
taxation, our distributions must not be less than 100% of our REIT taxable
income, including capital gains. As a result of the distribution requirements,
we do not expect to accumulate significant amounts of cash. Accordingly, these
distributions could significantly reduce the cash available to us in subsequent
periods to fund our operations and future growth.

                                 BUSINESS RISKS

Some of our directors and officers may have conflicts of interest with respect
to certain related party transactions and other business interests.

                  Ownership of SHS. Gary A. Shiffman, the President, Chief
         Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the
         Company, and the Estate of Milton M. Shiffman (former Chairman of the
         Board), are the owners of all of the outstanding common stock of SHS,
         and as such are entitled to 5% of the cash flow from the operating
         activities of SHS (we own 100% of the non-voting preferred stock which
         entitles us to 95% of such cash flow). Arthur A. Weiss, one of our
         directors, is also a personal representative of the Estate.

                  For certain tax reasons, we made our equity investment in
         Origen through SUI TRS, Inc., a taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS"), which
         is wholly owned by SHS. We contributed $15.0 million to SHS in
         connection with the Origen investment and, as the holder of all of the
         non-voting preferred stock of SHS, we are entitled to 95% of the cash
         flow from the operating activities of SHS, including the operating
         activities of the TRS, and effectively an approximate 30% interest in
         Origen. As part of the $5.0 million investment in Origen by Mr.
         Shiffman and members of his family, Mr. Shiffman and the Estate
         contributed approximately $790,000 to SHS as part of the investment in
         Origen by TRS, and, as the holders of all of the voting common stock of
         SHS, they are entitled to 5% of the cash flow from the operating
         activities of SHS, including the operating activities of the TRS, and
         effectively an approximate 1.6% indirect interest in Origen. The
         balance of the Shiffman family's $5.0 million investment in Origen was
         made through a separate family owned entity which holds 8.4% of the
         Shiffman family's aggregate 10% interest.

                  Thus, in all transactions involving SHS, Mr. Shiffman and Mr.
         Weiss may have a conflict of interest with respect to their respective
         obligations as an officer and/or director of the Company and Mr.
         Shiffman's right and the Estate's right to receive a portion of the
         cash flow from the operating activities of SHS. The following are the
         current transactions and agreements involving SHS which may present a
         conflict of interest for Mr. Shiffman and Mr. Weiss:

         -    the agreement between SHS and us for sales, brokerage, and leasing
              services;

         -    the intercompany loans from the Operating Partnership to SHS;


                                      -14-
<PAGE>

         -    the investment in Origen by SUI TRS, Inc., a wholly owned
              subsidiary of SHS; and

         -    the ownership and operation of SHS's other subsidiaries, including
              Sun Water Oak Golf, Inc.

                  The failure to negotiate these and other transactions or
         agreements involving SHS on an arm's length basis, or to enforce the
         material terms of any agreement or arrangement between SHS and us could
         have an adverse effect on us.

                  Tax Consequences Upon Sale of Properties. Gary A. Shiffman
         holds limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership which
         were received in connection with the contribution of 24 properties from
         partnerships previously affiliated with him (the "Sun Partnerships").
         Prior to any redemption of these limited partnership interests for our
         common stock, Mr. Shiffman will have tax consequences different from
         those of us and our public stockholders on the sale of any of the Sun
         Partnerships. Therefore, Mr. Shiffman and the Company may have
         different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing and timing of
         any sale of those properties.

                  Lease of Executive Offices. On November 1, 2002, we leased
         approximately 31,300 rentable square feet of office space from American
         Center LLC and we expect to relocate our principal executive offices to
         this office space in the second quarter of 2003. Gary A. Shiffman,
         together with certain family members, indirectly owns approximately a
         21% equity interest in American Center LLC. This lease is for an
         initial term of five years and we have the right to extend the lease
         for an additional five year term. The annual base rent under this lease
         begins at $19.25 per square foot (gross) for the first lease year and
         increases $0.50 per square foot for each successive year of the initial
         term. Mr. Shiffman may have a conflict of interest with respect to his
         obligations as an officer and/or director of the Company and his
         ownership interest in American Center.

We rely on key management.

         We are dependent on the efforts of our executive officers, particularly
Gary A. Shiffman, Jeffrey P. Jorissen, Brian W. Fannon and Jonathan M. Colman
(together, the "Senior Officers"). While we believe that we could find
replacements for these key personnel, the loss of their services could have a
temporary adverse effect on our operations. We do not currently maintain or
contemplate obtaining any "key-man" life insurance on the Senior Officers.

         In addition, upon the death or disability of Mr. Shiffman, we could
lose the right to appoint a Manager of Origen or otherwise vote our interests in
Origen, which could adversely affect our investment in Origen.

Certain provisions in our governing documents may make it difficult for a
third-party to acquire us.

                  9.8% Ownership Limit. In order to qualify and maintain our
         qualification as a REIT, not more than 50% of the outstanding shares of
         our capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or
         fewer individuals. Thus, ownership of more than 9.8% of our outstanding
         shares of common stock by any single stockholder has been restricted,


                                      -15-
<PAGE>

         with certain exceptions, for the purpose of maintaining our
         qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. Such
         restrictions in our charter do not apply to Gary Shiffman, the Estate
         of Milton M. Shiffman and Robert B. Bayer, a former director and
         officer of the Company.

                  The 9.8% ownership limit, as well as our ability to issue
         additional shares of common stock or shares of other stock (which may
         have rights and preferences over the common stock), may discourage a
         change of control of the Company and may also: (1) deter tender offers
         for the common stock, which offers may be advantageous to stockholders;
         and (2) limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for
         their common stock that might otherwise exist if an investor were
         attempting to assemble a block of common stock in excess of 9.8% of the
         outstanding shares of the Company or otherwise effect a change of
         control of the Company.

                  Staggered Board. Our Board of Directors has been divided into
         three classes of directors. The term of one class will expire each
         year. Directors for each class will be chosen for a three-year term
         upon the expiration of such class's term, and the directors in the
         other two classes will continue in office. The staggered terms for
         directors may affect the stockholders' ability to change control of the
         Company even if a change in control were in the stockholders' interest.

                  Preferred Stock. Our charter authorizes the Board of Directors
         to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to establish
         the preferences and rights (including the right to vote and the right
         to convert into shares of common stock) of any shares issued. The power
         to issue preferred stock could have the effect of delaying or
         preventing a change in control of the Company even if a change in
         control were in the stockholders' interest.

                  Rights Plan. We adopted a stockholders' rights plan in 1998
         that provides our stockholders (other than a stockholder attempting to
         acquire a 15% or greater interest in the Company) with the right to
         purchase stock in the Company at a discount in the event any person
         attempts to acquire a 15% or greater interest in the Company. Because
         this plan could make it more expensive for a person to acquire a
         controlling interest in the Company, it could have the effect of
         delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company even if a
         change in control were in the stockholders' interest.

Changes in our investment and financing policies may be made without stockholder
approval.

         Our investment and financing policies, and our policies with respect to
certain other activities, including our growth, debt, capitalization,
distributions, REIT status, and operating policies, are determined by our Board
of Directors. Although the Board of Directors has no present intention to do so,
these policies may be amended or revised from time to time at the discretion of
the Board of Directors without notice to or a vote of our stockholders.
Accordingly, stockholders may not have control over changes in our policies and
changes in our policies may not fully serve the interests of all stockholders.

Substantial sales of our common stock could cause our stock price to fall.

         Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the
perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect prevailing market
prices for shares. As of December 31, 2002, up to 3,259,601 shares of our common
stock may be issued in the future to the limited partners of the Operating
Partnership in exchange for their Common or Preferred OP Units. The


                                      -16-
<PAGE>

limited partners may sell such shares pursuant to registration rights or an
available exemption from registration. Also, Water Oak, Ltd., a former owner of
one of the Properties, will be issued Common OP Units with a value of
approximately $1,000,000 annually through 2007. In 2008 and 2009, Water Oak,
Ltd. will be issued Common OP Units with a value of approximately $1,200,000. In
addition, as of December 31, 2002, options to purchase 975,767 shares of our
common stock were outstanding under our 1993 Employee Stock Option Plan, our
1993 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan and our Long-Term Incentive Plan
(the "Plans") and an additional 150,519 shares have been reserved for issuance
pursuant to the Plans. No prediction can be made regarding the effect that
future sales of shares of our common stock will have on the market price of
shares.

An increase in interest rates may have an adverse effect on the price of our
common stock.

         One of the factors that may influence the price of our common stock in
the public market will be the annual distributions to stockholders relative to
the prevailing market price of the common stock. An increase in market interest
rates may tend to make the common stock less attractive relative to other
investments, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

         General. As of December 31, 2002, the Properties consisted of 117
manufactured housing communities, five recreational vehicle communities, and
seven properties containing both manufactured housing and recreational vehicle
sites located in seventeen states concentrated in the midwestern and
southeastern United States. As of December 31, 2002, the Properties contained
43,959 developed sites comprised of 38,832 developed manufactured home sites and
5,127 recreational vehicle sites and an additional 7,642 manufactured home sites
suitable for development. Most of the Properties include amenities oriented
towards family and retirement living. Of the 129 Properties, 60 have more than
300 developed manufactured home sites, with the largest having 913 developed
manufactured home sites.

         As of December 31, 2002, the Properties had an occupancy rate of 92.4
percent in stabilized communities and 64.8 percent in development communities
and the aggregate occupancy rate was 90 percent excluding recreational vehicle
sites. Since January 1, 2002, the Properties have averaged an aggregate annual
turnover of homes (where the home is moved out of the community) of
approximately 3.8 percent and an average annual turnover of residents (where the
home is sold and remains within the community, typically without interruption of
rental income) of approximately 7.1 percent.


We believe that our Properties' high amenity levels contribute to low turnover
and generally high occupancy rates. All of the Properties provide residents with
attractive amenities with most offering a clubhouse, a swimming pool, laundry
facilities and cable television service. Many Properties offer additional
amenities such as sauna/whirlpool spas, tennis, shuffleboard and basketball
courts and/or exercise rooms.




                                      -17-
<PAGE>

We have tried to concentrate our communities within certain geographic areas in
order to achieve economies of scale in management and operation. The Properties
are principally concentrated in the midwestern and southeastern United States.
We believe that geographic diversification will help insulate the portfolio from
regional economic influences and we are interested in expanding our operations
in the western United States.

         The following table sets forth certain information relating to the
properties owned as of December 31, 2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     DEVELOPED     OCCUPANCY    OCCUPANCY     OCCUPANCY
                                                    SITES AS OF      AS OF        AS OF         AS OF
              PROPERTY AND LOCATION                   12/31/02    12/31/00(1)  12/31/01(1)   12/31/02(1)
              ---------------------                   --------    -----------  -----------   -----------
<S>                                                 <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
MIDWEST
MICHIGAN
Academy/West Pointe                                     441           99%          98%           98%
  Canton, MI
Allendale Meadows Mobile Village                        352           98%          96%           93%
  Allendale, MI
Alpine Meadows Mobile Village                           403           99%          96%           96%
  Grand Rapids, MI
Bedford Hills Mobile Village                            339           98%          98%           95%
  Battle Creek, MI
Brentwood Mobile Village                                195           99%          99%           96%
  Kentwood, MI
Byron Center Mobile Village                             143           99%          98%           98%
  Byron Center, MI
Candlewick Court Manufactured Housing Community         211           95%          97%           97%
  Owosso, MI
College Park Estates Manufactured Housing               230          100%          95%           92%
Community
  Canton, MI
Continental Estates Manufactured Housing Community      385           84%          84%           79%
  Davison, MI
Continental North Manufactured Housing Community        474           88%          89%           84%
  Davison, MI
Country Acres Mobile Village                            182           96%          96%           95%
  Cadillac, MI
Country Meadows Mobile Village                          577          100%          99%           98%
  Flat Rock, MI
Countryside Village Manufactured Housing Community      359           96%          98%           96%
  Perry, MI
Creekwood Meadows Mobile Home Park                      336           96%          88%           85%
  Burton, MI
Cutler Estates Mobile Village                           259           98%          97%           96%
  Grand Rapids, MI
Davison East Manufactured Housing Community             190           89%          80%           88%
  Davison, MI
Fisherman's Cove Manufactured Housing Community         162           99%          95%           94%
  Flint, MI
Grand Mobile Estates                                    230           99%          93%           95%
  Grand Rapids, MI
Hamlin Manufactured Housing Community (5)               170          100%          99%         85%(5)
  Webberville, MI
Kensington Meadows Mobile Home Park                     290           97%          98%           92%
  Lansing, MI
Kings Court Mobile Village                              639           98%          100%          98%
  Traverse City, MI
</TABLE>



                                      -18-
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     DEVELOPED     OCCUPANCY    OCCUPANCY     OCCUPANCY
                                                    SITES AS OF      AS OF        AS OF         AS OF
              PROPERTY AND LOCATION                   12/31/02    12/31/00(1)  12/31/01(1)   12/31/02(1)
              ---------------------                   --------    -----------  -----------   -----------
<S>                                                 <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>

Knollwood Estates                                       161           (3)          97%           94%
  Allendale, MI
Lafayette Place                                         254           98%          97%           98%
  Metro Detroit, MI
Lincoln Estates Mobile Home Park                        191           99%          96%,          95%
  Holland, MI
Maple Grove Estates Manufactured Housing Community       46          100%          100%          98%
  Dorr, MI
Meadow Lake Estates Manufactured Housing Community      425          100%          100%          97%
  White Lake, MI
Meadowbrook Estates Manufactured Housing Community      453           99%          98%           97%
  Monroe, MI
Meadowstream Village Manufactured Housing               159           98%          97%           95%
Community
  Sodus, MI
Parkwood Manufactured Housing Community                 249           93%          90%           86%
  Grand Blanc, MI
Presidential Estates Mobile Village                     364           98%          99%           95%
  Hudsonville, MI
Richmond Place                                          117           99%          97%           100%
  Metro Detroit, MI
River Haven Village                                     721           (3)          78%           79%
  Grand Haven, MI
Scio Farms Estates                                      913          100%          99%           99%
  Ann Arbor, MI
Sherman Oaks Manufactured Housing Community             366           99%          97%           94%
  Jackson, MI
St. Clair Place                                         100           99%          100%          99%
  Metro Detroit, MI
Sunset Ridge  (9)                                       144           (3)         13%(9)        45%(9)
  Portland Township, MI
Timberline Estates Manufactured Housing Community       296          100%          96%           94%
  Grand Rapids, MI
Town & Country Mobile Village                           192           99%          99%           99%
  Traverse City, MI
Village Trails                                          100           77%          77%           80%
  Howard City,  MI
White Lake Mobile Home Village (5)                      315          100%         85%(5)         96%
  White Lake, MI
White Oak Estates                                       480           85%          88%           86%
  Mt. Morris, MI
Windham Hills Estates (5)                               402           88%          91%          82%(5)
  Jackson, MI
Woodhaven Place                                         220           99%          100%          98%
                                                        ---           ---          ----          ---
  Metro Detroit, MI
MICHIGAN TOTAL                                         13,235         96%          94%           92%
                                                       ======         ===          ===           ===

INDIANA
Brookside Mobile Home Village                           570           93%          93%           88%
  Goshen, IN
Carrington Pointe                                       320           89%          81%           81%
  Ft. Wayne, IN
Clear Water Mobile Village                              227           95%          90%           86%
  South Bend, IN
Cobus Green Mobile Home Park                            386           94%          87%           81%
  Elkhart, IN
</TABLE>



                                      -19-
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     DEVELOPED     OCCUPANCY    OCCUPANCY     OCCUPANCY
                                                    SITES AS OF      AS OF        AS OF         AS OF
              PROPERTY AND LOCATION                   12/31/02    12/31/00(1)  12/31/01(1)   12/31/02(1)
              ---------------------                   --------    -----------  -----------   -----------
<S>                                                 <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
Deerfield Run Manufactured Home                         175         75%(5)        60%(5)        73%(5)
Community (5)
  Anderson, IN
Four Seasons Mobile Home Park                           218           96%          98%           95%
  Elkhart, IN
Holiday Mobile Home Village                             326           99%          97%           95%
  Elkhart, IN
Liberty Farms Communities                               220          100%          98%           99%
  Valparaiso, IN
Maplewood Mobile Home Park                              207           94%          91%           97%
  Lawrence, IN
Meadows Mobile Home Park                                330           95%          89%           85%
  Nappanee, IN
Pebble Creek(9) (10)                                    258          (10)          (10)        76%(9)
  Greenwood, IN
Pine Hills Mobile Home Subdivision                      130           91%          96%           95%
  Middlebury, IN
Roxbury Park                                            398           (3)          92%           94%
  Goshen, IN
Timberbrook Mobile Home Park                            567           90%          90%           84%
  Bristol, IN
Valley Brook Mobile Home Park                           799           95%          95%           88%
  Indianapolis, IN
West Glen Village Mobile Home Park                      552           99%          98%           96%
  Indianapolis, IN
Woodlake Estates (5)                                    338         67% (5)       69%(5)        72%(5)
  Ft. Wayne, IN
Woods Edge Mobile Village (5)                           598         93%(5)        84%(5)       74%(5)
                                                        ---         ------        ------       ------
  West Lafayette, IN
INDIANA TOTAL                                          6,619          92%          90%           86%
                                                       =====          ===          ===           ===

OTHER
Apple Creek Manufactured Home Community and Self        176           98%          91%           94%
Storage
  Cincinnati, OH
Autumn Ridge Mobile Home Park                           413          100%          99%           98%
   Ankeny, IA
Bell Crossing Manufactured Home                         239           84%         53%(5)        41%(5)
Community (5)
  Clarksville, TN
Boulder Ridge (5)                                       527           98%          98%          85%(5)
  Pflugerville, TX
Branch Creek Estates                                    392           99%          100%          98%
  Austin, TX
Byrne Hill Village Manufactured Home                    236           97%          97%           96%
Community
  Toledo, OH
Candlelight Village Mobile Home Park                    309           96%          98%           95%
  Chicago Heights, IL
Casa del Valle (8)                                      408          100%          100%          100%
  Alamo, TX
Catalina Mobile Home Park                               462           90%          83%           83%
  Middletown, OH
Chisholm Point Estates                                  416           99%          98%           94%
  Pflugerville, TX
Comal Farms(9) (10)                                     349          (10)          (10)        43%(9)
  New Braunfels, TX
Creekside(9) (10)                                        47          (10)          (10)        66%(9)
  Reidsville, NC
</TABLE>



                                      -20-
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     DEVELOPED     OCCUPANCY    OCCUPANCY     OCCUPANCY
                                                    SITES AS OF      AS OF        AS OF         AS OF
              PROPERTY AND LOCATION                   12/31/02    12/31/00(1)  12/31/01(1)   12/31/02(1)
              ---------------------                   --------    -----------  -----------   -----------
<S>                                                 <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
Desert View Village (9)                                  93          6%(9)        25%(9)        40%(9)
  West Wendover, NV
Eagle Crest (9)                                         151           (3)         84%(9)       97%(9)
  Firestone, CO
East Fork(9) (10)                                       160          (10)          (10)        88%(9)
  Batavia, OH
Edwardsville Mobile Home Park                           634           97%          97%           92%
  Edwardsville, KS
Forest Meadows                                           76           88%          83%           92%
  Philomath, OR
Glen Laurel(9) (10)                                     262          (10)          (10)        18%(9)
  Concord, NC
High Pointe                                             411           95%          93%           95%
  Frederica, DE
Kenwood RV and Mobile Home Plaza (8)                    289          100%          100%          100%
  LaFeria, TX
Meadowbrook(9) (10)                                     177          (10)          (10)        80%(9)
  Charlotte, NC
North Point Estates (9)                                 108           (3)         38%(9)        50%(9)
   Pueblo, CO
Oak Crest(9)                                            335           (4)          (4)         84%(9)
   Austin, TX
Oakwood Village (5)                                     511         78%(5)        73%(5)       74%(5)
  Dayton, OH
Orchard Lake Manufactured Home Community                147           98%          97%           97%
  Cincinnati, OH
Paradise Park                                           277           99%          96%           91%
  Chicago Heights, IL
Pecan Branch (9)                                         69           (3)         67%(9)        74%(9)
  Williamson County, TX
Pheasant Ridge                                          553           (4)          (4)           99%
   Manor Township, PA
Pin Oak Parc Mobile Home Park                           502           98%          99%           97%
  O'Fallon, MO
Pine Ridge Mobile Home Park                             245           98%          98%           95%
  Petersburg, VA
River Ridge (9)                                         337           (4)          (4)         89%(9)
   Austin, TX
Saddle Brook (9)                                        258           (4)          (4)         39%(9)
   Austin, TX
Sea Air (8)                                             527          100%          99%           100%
  Rehoboth Beach, DE
Snow to Sun (8)                                         493           99%          100%          99%
  Weslaco, TX
Southfork Mobile Home Park                              477           96%          95%           90%
  Belton, MO
Stonebridge(9) (10)                                     206          (10)          (10)        83%(9)
  San Antonio, TX
Summit Ridge(9) (10)                                    127          (10)          (10)        91%(9)
  Converse, TX
Sunset Ridge(9) (10)                                    173          (10)          (10)        71%(9)
  Kyle TX
Sun Villa Estates                                       324          100%          100%          99%
  Reno, NV
Timber Ridge Mobile Home Park                           585           98%          99%           98%
  Ft. Collins, CO
Westbrook Village (7)                                   344           98%          99%           97%
  Toledo, OH
</TABLE>



                                      -21-
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     DEVELOPED     OCCUPANCY    OCCUPANCY     OCCUPANCY
                                                    SITES AS OF      AS OF        AS OF         AS OF
              PROPERTY AND LOCATION                   12/31/02    12/31/00(1)  12/31/01(1)   12/31/02(1)
              ---------------------                   --------    -----------  -----------   -----------
<S>                                                 <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
Westbrook Senior Village                                112           (3)          94%           99%
  Toledo, OH
Willowbrook Place (7)                                   266           99%          98%           98%
  Toledo, OH
Woodlake Trails(9) (10)                                 133          (10)          (10)        44%(9)
  San Antonio, TX
Woodland Park Estates                                   399           99%          98%           94%
  Eugene, OR
Woodside Terrace Manufactured Home                      439           96%          98%           96%
Community
  Holland, OH
Worthington Arms Mobile Home Park                       224           99%          99%          96%
                                                        ---           ---          ---          ---
  Delaware, OH
OTHER TOTAL                                            14,398         95%          93%           86%
                                                       ======         ===          ===           ===

SOUTHEAST
FLORIDA
Arbor Terrace RV Park                                   402           (6)          (6)           (6)
  Bradenton, FL
Ariana Village Mobile Home Park                         208           85%          86%           88%
  Lakeland, FL
Bonita Lake Resort                                      167           (6)          (6)           (6)
  Bonita Springs, FL
Buttonwood Bay (8)                                      941           (3)          100%         100%
   Sebring, FL
Gold Coaster Manufactured Home Community (8)            546          100%          100%          98%
  Florida City, FL
Groves RV Resort                                        306           (6)          (6)           (6)
  Lee County, FL
Holly Forest Estates                                    402          100%          100%          100%
  Holly Hill, FL
Indian Creek Park (8)                                  1,546         100%          100%          100%
  Ft. Myers Beach, Fl
Island Lakes Mobile Home Park                           301          100%          100%         100%
  Merritt Island, FL
Kings Lake Mobile Home Park                             245           96%          99%           100%
  Debary, FL.
Lake Juliana Landings Mobile Home Park                  287           71%          74%           77%
  Auburndale, FL
Lake San Marino RV Park                                 415           (6)          (6)           (6)
  Naples, FL
Leesburg Landing                                         96           68%          68%           69%
  Lake County, FL
Meadowbrook Village Mobile Home Park                    257           98%          99%           99%
  Tampa, Fl,
Orange Tree Village Mobile Home Park                    246           99%          100%          100%
  Orange City, FL
Royal Country Mobile Home Park                          864          100%          99%           100%
  Miami, FL
Saddle Oak Club Mobile Home Park                        376           99%          100%          100%
  Ocala Fl,
Siesta Bay RV Park                                      850           (6)          (6)           (6)
  Ft. Myers Beach, FL
Silver Star Mobile Village                              408           96%          98%           99%
  Orlando, FL
Water Oak Country Club Estates/Water Oak Mobile         844          100%          100%          100%
                                                        ---          ----          ----          ----
Home Park
  Lady Lake, FL,
Florida Total                                          9,707          94%          96%           97%
                                                       =====          ===          ===           ===
</TABLE>



                                      -22-
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     DEVELOPED     OCCUPANCY    OCCUPANCY     OCCUPANCY
                                                    SITES AS OF      AS OF        AS OF         AS OF
              PROPERTY AND LOCATION                   12/31/02    12/31/00(1)  12/31/01(1)   12/31/02(1)
              ---------------------                   --------    -----------  -----------   -----------
<S>                                                 <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
TOTAL/AVERAGE                                          43,959         95%          93%           90%
                                                       ======         ===          ===           ===
TOTAL STABILIZED COMMUNITIES                           40,407         95%          94%           92%
                                                       ======         ===          ===           ===
TOTAL DEVELOPMENT COMMUNITIES                           3,552          6%          45%           65%
                                                       ======          ==          ===           ===
</TABLE>

         (1)      Occupancy percentage relates to manufactured housing sites,
                  excluding recreational vehicle sites.

         (2)      Acquired in 2000.

         (3)      Acquired in 2001.

         (4)      Acquired in 2002.

         (5)      Occupancy in these properties reflects the fact that these
                  communities are in their initial lease-up phase following an
                  expansion.

         (6)      This Property contains only recreational vehicle sites.

         (7)      The Company leases this Property. The Company has the option
                  and intends to purchase the Property upon the expiration of
                  the lease. If the Company does not exercise its option to
                  purchase, the lessor has the right to cause the Company to
                  purchase the Property at the expiration of the lease at the
                  then outstanding lease obligation.

         (8)      This Property contains recreational vehicle sites.

         (9)      Occupancy in these properties reflects the fact that these
                  communities are newly developed from the ground up.

         (10)     This Property is owned by an affiliate of Sunchamp LLC, an
                  entity in which the Company owns approximately a 59% equity
                  interest as of December 31, 2002. Prior to 2002, the Company
                  held a minority interest in Sunchamp LLC and, therefore, did
                  not treat this Property as a Property owned by the Company. As
                  a result, the Company did not report any information in
                  respect of this Property for such periods.


         Leases. The typical lease we enter into with a tenant for the rental of
a site is month-to-month or year-to-year, renewable upon the consent of both
parties, or, in some instances, as provided by statute. In some cases, leases
are for one-year terms, with up to ten renewal options exercisable by the
tenant, with rent adjusted for increases in the consumer price index. These
leases are cancelable for non-payment of rent, violation of community rules and
regulations or other specified defaults. During the past five years, on average
3.1 percent of the homes in our communities have been removed by their owners
and eight percent of the homes have been sold by their owners to a new owner who
then assumes rental obligations as a community resident. The small percentage of
homes removed from our communities is impacted by the $3,000 to $8,000 cost to
move a home. The above experience can be summarized as follows: the average
resident remains in our communities for approximately nine years, while the
average home, which gives rise to the rental stream, remains in our communities
for approximately thirty-two years. See "Regulations and Insurance."




                                      -23-
<PAGE>

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         On March 21, 2003, the Company received an unfiled complaint by T.J.
Holdings, LLC ("TJ Holdings"), a member of Sun/Forest, LLC ("Sun/Forest")
(which, in turn, owns an equity interest in SunChamp LLC), against the Company,
SunChamp LLC, certain other affiliates of the Company and two directors of Sun
Communities, Inc. The unfiled complaint alleges that the defendants wrongfully
deprived the plaintiff of economic opportunities that they took for themselves
in contravention of duties allegedly owed to the plaintiff and purports to claim
damages of $13.0 million plus an unspecified amount for punitive damages. We
believe the unfiled complaint and the claims threatened therein have no merit
and, if this complaint is ultimately filed, we intend to defend it vigorously.

         We are involved in various other legal proceedings arising in the
ordinary course of business. All such proceedings, taken together, are not
expected to have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or
financial condition.


ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         No matters were submitted to a vote of the Company's security holders
during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report.



                                      -24-
<PAGE>

PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

         MARKET INFORMATION

         Our common stock has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange
("NYSE") since December 8, 1993 under the symbol "SUI." On March 3, 2003, the
closing sales price of the common stock was $34.73 and the common stock was held
by approximately 650 holders of record. The following table sets forth the high
and low closing sales prices per share for the common stock for the periods
indicated as reported by the NYSE and the distributions paid by the Company with
respect to each such period.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       High         Low             Distribution
                                                                       ----         ---             ------------
<S>                                                                    <C>          <C>             <C>
FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001
   First Quarter of 2001..........................................     34.69        30.80                .53
   Second Quarter of 2001.........................................     35.50        31.60                .55
   Third Quarter of 2001..........................................     36.85        34.73                .55
   Fourth Quarter of 2001.........................................     38.55        36.00                .55

FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002
   First Quarter of 2002..........................................     40.19        36.73                .55
   Second Quarter of 2002.........................................     42.60        39.00                .58
   Third Quarter of 2002..........................................     41.93        33.50                .58
   Fourth Quarter of 2002.........................................     37.00        32.25                .58
</TABLE>


         RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES

         On January 2, 2002, the Operating Partnership issued 100,000 Series B-2
Preferred Units at par of $45.00 to Bay Area Limited Partnership and assumed
approximately $6,812,500 of debt, in exchange for property with a net agreed
upon value of $15,000,000 (the "Series B-2 Units"). Holders of the Series B-2
Units may require the Operating Partnership to redeem all of the outstanding
Series B-2 Units within the ninety (90) day period following the fifth
anniversary of the Series B-2 Unit issuance date, the death of Bay Area's
president, or the occurrence of a change of control as defined in the Operating
Partnership's limited partnership agreement, but in no event may the Series B-2
Unit holders require the redemption of the Series B-2 Units prior to January 31,
2007. The redemption price is $45.00 per Series B-2 Unit redeemed. In addition,
holders of the Series B-2 Units may convert such units into Common OP Units at a
conversion price of $45 per unit within the ninety (90) day period following the
third anniversary of the Series B-2 Unit issuance date.

         On December 1, 2002, the Operating Partnership issued 55,200 Series B-3
Preferred Units to ten members of Woodside Terrace, LTD, paid approximately
$1,000,000 in cash and assumed approximately $2,230,000 of debt, which was
immediately retired, in exchange for property with a net agreed upon value of
$8,750,000. Holders of the Series B-3 Units may redeem the Series B-3 Units (a)
within the ninety (90) day period following each of the fifth, sixth, seventh,
eighth, ninth and tenth anniversaries of the issuance date, (b) in the event of
the death of a holder, and (c) at any time after the tenth anniversary. The
redemption price is $100 per Series B-3 Unit. The Operating Partnership has the
right to redeem the Series B-3 Units at any time after the tenth anniversary.



                                      -25-
<PAGE>


         On January 2, 2003, the Operating Partnership issued 41,700 Series B-3
Preferred Units to the members of Willowbrook Co., Ltd, paid approximately
$860,000 in cash and assumed approximately $1,570,000 of debt, which was
immediately retired, in exchange for property with a net agreed upon value of
$6,600,000. Holders of the Series B-3 Units may redeem the Series B-3 Units (a)
within the ninety (90) day period following each of the fifth, sixth, seventh,
eighth, ninth and tenth anniversaries of the issuance date, (b) in the event of
the death of a holder, and (c) at any time after the tenth anniversary. The
redemption price is $100 per Series B-3 Unit. The Operating Partnership has the
right to redeem the Series B-3 Units at any time after the tenth anniversary.

         In 2002, the Company issued an aggregate of 83,892 shares of its common
stock upon conversion of an aggregate of 83,892 OP Units.

         All of the above OP Units and shares of common stock were issued in
private placements in reliance on Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, including Regulation D promulgated thereunder. No underwriters were
used in connection with any of such issuances.


EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION

         The following table reflects information about the securities
authorized for issuance under the Company's equity compensation plans as of
December 31, 2002.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          (a)                          (b)                           (c)

                                                                                            NUMBER OF SECURITIES
                                                                                             REMAINING AVAILABLE
                                  NUMBER OF SECURITIES                                       FOR FUTURE ISSUANCE
                                   TO BE ISSUED UPON            WEIGHTED-AVERAGE                 UNDER EQUITY
                                      EXERCISE OF               EXERCISE PRICE OF             COMPENSATION PLANS
                                  OUTSTANDING OPTIONS,         OUTSTANDING OPTIONS,         (EXCLUDING SECURITIES
       PLAN CATEGORY              WARRANTS AND RIGHTS          WARRANTS AND RIGHTS         REFLECTED IN COLUMN (a))
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>                          <C>                         <C>
Equity compensation plans
approved by shareholders                 858,388                      $27.92                       150,519

Equity compensation plans
not approved by
shareholders (1)                         117,379                      $32.75                             0

         TOTAL                           975,767                      $28.50                       150,519
</TABLE>

(1)      On May 29, 1997, the Company established a Long Term Incentive Plan
         (the "LTIP") pursuant to which all full-time salaried and full-time
         commission only employees of the Company, excluding the Company's
         officers, were entitled to receive options to purchase


                                      -26-
<PAGE>

shares of the Company's common stock at $32.75 per share (i.e., the average of
the highest and lowest selling prices for the common stock on May 29, 1997), on
January 31, 2002. In accordance with the terms of the LTIP, (a) the Company
granted the eligible participants options to purchase 167,918 shares of common
stock; and (b) each eligible participant received an option to purchase a number
of shares of common stock equal to the product of 167,918 and the quotient
derived by dividing such participant's total compensation during the period
beginning on January 1, 1997 and ending on December 31, 2001 (the "Award
Period") by the aggregate compensation of all of the eligible participants
during the Award Period.




                                      -27-
<PAGE>

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      2002             2001(c)         2000(c)         1999(c)         1998(c)
                                                  -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------
                                                               (In thousands except for per share and other data)
<S>                                               <C>               <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
OPERATING DATA:
Revenues:
     Income from property....................     $   151,612       $   138,687     $   132,129     $   125,137     $   114,077
     Other income............................          10,684            14,401          13,498           7,804           3,837
                                                  -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------
                Total revenues...............         162,296           153,088         145,627         132,941         117,914
                                                  -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------
Expenses:
     Property operating and maintenance......          33,387            28,972          28,408          27,122          25,484
     Real estate taxes.......................          10,542             9,492           9,083           8,850           8,699
     Property management.....................           2,502             2,746           2,934           2,638           2,269
     General and administrative..............           5,220             4,627           4,079           3,682           3,339
     Depreciation and amortization...........          38,525            33,320          30,487          28,388          24,819
     Interest................................          32,375            31,016          29,651          27,289          23,987
                                                  -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------      ----------
                Total expenses...............         122,551           110,173         104,642          97,969          88,597
                                                  -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------      ----------
Income before equity income (loss) from
     affiliates, minority interests,
     discontinued operations, and gain
     from property dispositions, net.........          39,745            42,915          40,985          34,972          29,317
Equity income (loss) from affiliates.........         (16,627)(a)           131             607           1,726           2,147
                                                  -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------      ----------
Income before minority interests,
     discontinued operations, and gain from
      property dispositions, net.............          23,118            43,046          41,592          36,698          31,464
Income allocated to minority interests.......           9,806            13,346          13,022           8,359           5,966
                                                  -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------
Income from continuing operations............          13,312            29,700          28,570          28,339          25,498
Income (loss) from discontinued operations...             280               (65)            (77)            (79)            (57)
Gain from property dispositions, net.........              --             4,275           4,801             829             655 (b)
                                                  -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------
Net income...................................     $    13,592       $    33,910     $    33,294     $    29,089     $    26,096
                                                  ===========       ===========     ===========     ===========     ===========

Basic earnings per share:
     Continuing operations...................     $      0.75       $      1.96     $      1.92     $      1.69     $      1.55
     Discontinued operations.................            0.02                --              --              --              --
                                                  -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------
     Net Income..............................     $      0.77       $      1.96     $      1.92     $      1.69     $      1.55
                                                  ===========       ===========     ===========     ===========     ===========
Diluted earnings per share:
     Continuing operations...................     $      0.74       $      1.94     $      1.91     $      1.68     $      1.55
     Discontinued operations.................            0.02                --              --              --              --
                                                  -----------       -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------
     Net Income .............................     $      0.76       $      1.94     $      1.91     $      1.68     $      1.55
                                                  ===========       ===========     ===========     ===========     ===========
Weighted average common shares outstanding:
     Basic...................................          17,595            17,258          17,304          17,191          16,856
                                                  ===========       ===========     ===========     ===========     ===========
     Diluted.................................          17,781            17,440          17,390          17,343          17,031
                                                  ===========       ===========     ===========     ===========     ===========
Distribution per common share................     $      2.29       $      2.18     $      2.10     $      2.02     $      1.94
                                                  ===========       ===========     ===========     ===========     ===========
</TABLE>



                                      -28-
<PAGE>

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                  --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     2002         2001(c)       2000(c)        1999(c)       1998(c)
                                                  ------------  -----------   -----------    -----------   -----------
                                                           (In thousands except for per share and other data)
<S>                                               <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Rental property, before accumulated
     depreciation............................     $  1,174,837  $   969,936   $   867,377    $   847,696   $   803,152
Total assets.................................     $  1,163,976  $   994,449   $   966,628    $   904,032   $   821,439
Total debt...................................     $    667,373  $   495,198   $   464,508    $   401,564   $   365,164
Stockholders' equity.........................     $    319,532  $   329,641   $   336,034    $   338,358   $   340,364
OTHER DATA (AT END OF PERIOD):
Total properties.............................              129          116           109            110           104
Total sites..................................           43,959       40,544        38,282         38,217        37,566
</TABLE>

(a)  Included in equity income (loss) from affiliates in 2002 is a $13.6 million
     write-off of the Company's investment in Origen.
(b)  Includes an $875 expense related to an unsuccessful portfolio acquisition.
(c)  Revenues and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, 1999
     and 1998 have been restated to conform with SFAS No. 144 which requires
     operations of properties sold or held for sale to be reclassified as
     discontinued operations.



                                      -29-
<PAGE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

         The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the
Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto elsewhere herein.

         The Company is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed
REIT which owns, operates, develops and finances manufactured housing
communities concentrated in the midwestern and southeastern United States. As of
December 31, 2002, the Company owned and operated a portfolio of 129 developed
properties located in seventeen states, including 117 manufactured housing
communities, five recreational vehicle communities, and seven properties
containing both manufactured housing and recreational vehicle sites.

         During 2002, the Company acquired four manufactured housing
communities, comprising 1,482 developed sites and 538 sites suitable for
development for $69.9 million, and the Company sold one manufactured housing
community for $3.3 million.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

         Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations discusses the Company's consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting periods. In preparing these financial statements,
management has made its best estimates and judgment of certain amounts included
in the financial statements. Nevertheless, actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

         Management believes the following significant accounting policies,
among others, affect its more significant judgments and estimates used in the
preparation of its consolidated financial statements:

         Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. Rental property is recorded at cost,
less accumulated depreciation. Management evaluates the recoverability of its
investment in rental property whenever events or changes in circumstances, such
as recent operating results, expected net operating cash flow and plans for
future operations, indicate that full asset recoverability is questionable. If
such assets were deemed to be impaired as a result of this measurement, the
impairment that would be recognized is measured by the amount by which the
carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset as determined
on a discounted net cash flow basis.


         Notes Receivable. The Company evaluates the recoverability of its notes
receivable (including the notes receivable from Origen) whenever events occur or
there are changes in


                                      -30-
<PAGE>

circumstances such that management believes it is probable that it will be
unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan
agreement. The loan is then measured based on the present value of the expected
future cash flow discounted at the loan's effective interest rate or the fair
value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent.

         Depreciation. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over
the estimated useful lives of the assets. The Company uses a thirty year useful
life for land improvements and buildings and a seven to fifteen year useful life
for furniture, fixtures and equipment.

         Revenue Recognition. Rental income attributable to leases is recorded
on a straight-line basis when earned from tenants. Leases entered into by
tenants generally range from month-to-month to one year and are renewable by
mutual agreement of the Company and the resident.

         Capitalized Costs. The Company capitalizes certain costs (including
interest and other costs) incurred in connection with the development,
redevelopment, capital enhancement and leasing of its properties. Management is
required to use professional judgment in determining whether such costs meet the
criteria for immediate expense or capitalization. The amounts are dependent on
the volume and timing of such activities and the costs associated with such
activities. Maintenance, repairs and minor improvements to properties are
expensed when incurred. Renovations and improvements to properties are
capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives and construction
costs related to the development of new community or expansion sites are
capitalized until the property is substantially complete. Certain expenditures
to dealers and residents related to obtaining lessees in our communities are
capitalized and amortized over a seven year period; shorter than the average
resident's occupancy in the home and the average term that the home is in our
community. Costs associated with implementing the Company's new computer
systems are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful lives of the
related software and hardware.

         Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. During 2002, the Company
entered into three interest rate swap agreements to offset interest rate risk.
The Company does not enter into derivative transactions for speculative
purposes. The Company adjusts its balance sheet on an ongoing quarterly basis to
reflect current fair market value of its derivatives. Changes in the fair value
of derivatives are recorded each period in earnings or comprehensive income, as
appropriate. The ineffective portion of the hedge is immediately recognized in
earnings to the extent that the change in value of a derivative does not
perfectly offset the change in value of the instrument being hedged. The
unrealized gains and losses held in accumulated other comprehensive income will
be reclassified to earnings over time and occurs when the hedged items are also
recognized in earnings. The Company uses standard market conventions to
determine the fair values of derivative instruments, including the quoted market
prices or quotes from brokers or dealers for the same or similar instruments.
All methods of assessing fair value result in a general approximation of value
and such value may never actually be realized.

         Deferred Tax Assets. SHS currently has significant deferred tax assets,
which are subject to periodic recoverability assessments. SHS has recognized
deferred tax assets of $2.4 million, net of a valuation reserve of $5.1 million.
Realization of these deferred tax assets is principally dependent upon SHS's
achievement of projected future taxable income. Judgments regarding future
profitability may change due to


                                      -31-
<PAGE>

future market conditions, SHS's ability to continue to successfully execute its
business plan and other factors.


         Income Taxes. The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT as defined
under Section 856(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. In order
for the Company to qualify as a REIT, at least ninety-five percent (95%) of the
Company's gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources. As a
REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to U.S. Federal income taxes at
the corporate level if it distributes at least ninety percent (90%) of its REIT
ordinary taxable income to its stockholders, which it fully intends to do. If
the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, the Company will be
subject to Federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax)
on its taxable income at regular corporate rates. The Company remains subject to
certain state and local taxes on its income and property as well as Federal
income and excise taxes on its undistributed income.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Comparison of year ended December 31, 2002 to year ended December 31, 2001

         For the year ended December 31, 2002, income before equity income
(loss) from affiliates, minority interests, discontinued operations, and gain
from property dispositions, net, decreased by $3.2 million from $42.9 million
to $39.7 million, when compared to the year ended December 31, 2001. The
decrease was due to increased expenses of $12.4 million while revenues increased
by $9.2 million.

         Income from property increased by $12.9 million from $138.7 million to
$151.6 million, or 9.3 percent, due to rent increases and other community
revenues ($5.9 million) and acquisitions ($7.0 million).

         Other income decreased by $3.7 million from $14.4 million to $10.7
million due primarily to a decrease in interest income ($2.3 million) and
reduced development fee income and other income ($1.4 million).

         Property operating and maintenance expenses increased by $4.4 million
from $29.0 million to $33.4 million, or 15.2 percent, due to acquired
communities ($1.9 million) and increases in costs including payroll ($1.2
million), workers' compensation ($0.5 million), and cable television ($0.3
million), and other expenses ($0.5 million).

         Real estate taxes increased by $1.0 million from $9.5 million to $10.5
million, due to the acquired communities ($0.5 million) and changes in certain
assessments.

         Property management expenses decreased by $0.2 million from $2.7
million to $2.5 million, representing 1.7 percent and 2.0 percent of income from
property in 2002 and 2001, respectively.






                                      -32-
<PAGE>

         General and administrative expenses increased by $0.6 million from $4.6
million to $5.2 million, representing 3.2 percent and 3.0 percent of total
revenues in 2002 and 2001, respectively.

         Interest expense increased by $1.4 million from $31.0 million to $32.4
million due primarily to financing additional investments in rental property
($6.0 million) offset by decreasing rates on variable rate debt ($4.9 million).

         Depreciation and amortization expense increased by $5.2 million from
$33.3 million to $38.5 million due primarily to the net additional investments
in rental properties.

         Equity income (loss) from affiliates decreased by $16.7 million from
income of $0.1 million to a loss of $16.6 million primarily due to equity
losses at SHS ($0.7 million), SunChamp ($0.4 million) and Origen ($1.7 million)
and the write-off of the Company's investment in Origen ($13.6 million) and a
technology investment ($0.3 million).

Comparison of year ended December 31, 2001 to year ended December 31, 2000

         For the year ended December 31, 2001, income before equity income
(loss) from affiliates, minority interests, discontinued operations, and gain
from property dispositions, net, increased by $1.9 million from $41.0 million
to $42.9 million, when compared to the year ended December 31, 2000. The
increase was due to increased revenues of $7.4 million while expenses increased
by $5.5 million.

         Income from property increased by $6.6 million from $132.1 million to
$138.7 million, or 5.0 percent, due to rent increases and other community
revenues ($6.5 million) and acquisitions ($4.4 million), offset by a revenue
reduction of $4.3 million due to property dispositions.

         Other income increased by $0.9 million from $13.5 million to $14.4
million due primarily to an increase in interest income ($1.3 million) offset by
reductions in other income ($0.4 million).

         Property operating and maintenance expenses increased by $0.6 million
from $28.4 million to $29.0 million, or 2.0 percent, representing general cost
increases ($1.0 million) and acquisitions ($0.7 million), offset by an expense
reduction of $1.1 million due to property dispositions.

         Real estate taxes increased by $0.4 million from $9.1 million to $9.5
million, or 4.5 percent, due to the acquired communities ($0.2 million) and
changes in certain assessments.

         Property management expenses decreased by $0.2 million from $2.9
million to $2.7 million, representing 2.0 percent and 2.2 percent of income from
property in 2001 and 2000, respectively.

         General and administrative expenses increased by $0.5 million from $4.1
million to $4.6 million, representing 3.0 percent and 2.8 percent of total
revenues in 2001 and 2000, respectively.



                                      -33-
<PAGE>

         Interest expense increased by $1.4 million from $29.6 million to $31.0
million due primarily to financing additional investments in rental property
offset by decreasing rates on variable rate debt.

Depreciation and amortization expense increased by $2.8 million from $30.5
million to $33.3 million due primarily to the net additional investments in
rental properties.

Equity in income (loss) of affiliates decreased by $0.5 million due primarily to
a reduced level of new home sales at Sun Homes Services.

SAME PROPERTY INFORMATION

         The following table reflects property-level financial information as of
and for the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001. The "Same Property" data
represents information regarding the operation of communities owned as of
January 1, 2001 and December 31, 2002. Site, occupancy, and rent data for those
communities is presented as of the last day of each period presented. The "Total
Portfolio" column differentiates from the "Same Property" column by including
financial information for properties acquired after January 1, 2001 and new
development communities.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    SAME PROPERTY                  TOTAL PORTFOLIO
                                                              --------------------------     --------------------------
                                                                  2002          2001            2002            2001
                                                              -----------   ------------     -----------    -----------
                                                                   (in thousands)                  (in thousands)
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>              <C>            <C>
Income from property                                          $   128,953   $    123,170     $   151,642    $   139,022
                                                              -----------   ------------     -----------    -----------

Property operating expenses:
        Property operating and maintenance                         24,151         23,147          33,403         29,154
        Real estate taxes                                           9,790          9,258          10,545          9,524
                                                             ------------   ------------     -----------    -----------
                Property operating expenses                        33,941         32,405          43,948         38,678
                                                             ------------   ------------     -----------    -----------
Property net operating income                                 $    95,012   $     90,765     $   107,694    $   100,344
                                                              ===========   ============     ===========    ===========

Number of properties                                                 103             103             129(2)         116
Developed sites                                                   36,748          36,482          43,959(2)      40,544
Occupied sites                                                    33,217          33,586          38,940(2)      36,935
Occupancy % (1)                                                     92.2%           94.2%          89.9%(2)        93.0%
Weighted average monthly rent per site(1)                     $      318    $        303      $      315    $       301
Sites available for development                                    2,153           2,364           7,642(2)       3,887
Sites planned for development in next year                            20             257             175(2)         613
</TABLE>

(1)  Occupancy % and weighted average rent relates to manufactured housing
     sites, excluding recreational vehicle sites.
(2)  Property site information includes eleven SunChamp communities acquired
     during the fourth quarter of 2002.

On a same property basis, property revenues increased by $5.8 million from
$123.2 million to $129.0 million, or 4.7 percent, due primarily to increases in
rents and related charges including water and property tax pass through.

Property operating expenses increased by $1.5 million from $32.4 million to
$33.9 million, or 4.7 percent, due to increased costs. Property net operating
income increased by $4.2 million from $90.8 million to $95.0 million, or 4.7
percent.



                                      -34-
<PAGE>

The occupancy at December 31, 2002, includes 19 new community developments with
3,552 sites which are 64.8 percent occupied. At December 31, 2001, there were
five new community developments with 564 sites, which were 45.2 percent
occupied. Excluding new community developments, occupancy was 92.4 percent and
93.8 percent at December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         The Company's principal liquidity demands have historically been, and
are expected to continue to be, distributions to the Company's stockholders and
the Operating Partnership's unitholders, property acquisitions, development and
expansion of properties, capital improvements of properties and debt repayment.

         The Company expects to meet its short-term liquidity requirements
through its working capital provided by operating activities and its line of
credit, as described below. The Company considers its ability to generate cash
from operations (anticipated to be approximately $70 million) to be adequate to
meet all operating requirements, including recurring capital improvements,
routinely amortizing debt and other normally recurring expenditures of a capital
nature, pay dividends to its stockholders to maintain qualification as a REIT in
accordance with the Internal Revenue Code and make distributions to the
Operating Partnership's unitholders.

         The Company plans to invest approximately $5 to $10 million in
developments consisting of expansions to existing communities and the new or
continuing development of new communities. The Company expects to finance these
investments by using net cash flows provided by operating activities and by
drawing upon its line of credit.

         Furthermore, the Company expects to invest in the range of $40 to $60
million in the acquisition of properties in 2003, depending upon market
conditions. The Company plans to finance these investments by using net cash
flows provided by operating activities and by drawing upon its line of credit.

         Cash and cash equivalents decreased by $1.9 million to $2.7 million at
December 31, 2002 compared to $4.6 million at December 31, 2001 because cash
used in investing activities exceeded cash provided by financing and operating
activities. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $14.9 million
to $51.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2002 compared to $65.9 million
for the year ended December 31, 2001. The decrease resulted primarily from
reduced net income after adding back the reduction in book value of investments
and an increase in other assets.

         The Company's net cash flows provided by operating activities may be
adversely impacted by, among other things: (a) the market and economic
conditions in the Company's current markets generally, and specifically in
metropolitan areas of the Company's current markets; (b) lower occupancy and
rental rates of the Properties; (c) increased operating costs, including
insurance premiums, real estate taxes and utilities, that cannot be passed on to
the Company's tenants; and (d) decreased sales of manufactured homes. See
"Factors that May Affect Future Results."



                                      -35-
<PAGE>

         In 2002, the Company closed on a $152.4 million collateralized five
year variable rate (2.17% at December 31, 2002) debt facility with an option to
extend an additional five years at a variable rate debt facility, which is
convertible to a five to ten year fixed rate loan but not to exceed a total term
of fifteen years.

         In July 2002, the Company refinanced its existing line of credit to an
$85 million unsecured line of credit facility, which matures in July 2005, with
a one-year optional extension. At December 31, 2002, the average interest rate
of outstanding borrowings under the line of credit was 2.27%, $63 million was
outstanding and $22 million was available to be drawn under the facility.
Subsequent to year end, the Company increased the line to $105 million. The line
of credit facility contains various leverage, debt service coverage, net worth
maintenance and other customary covenants all of which the Company was in
compliance with at December 31, 2002.

         In 1998, certain directors, employees and consultants of the Company
purchased newly issued shares of common stock of the Company and common OP Units
in the Operating Partnership for approximately $25.5 million in accordance with
the Sun Communities 1998 Stock Purchase Plan (the "Purchase Plan"). The
participants in the Purchase Plan financed these purchases through personal
loans (the "Loans") from Bank One, N.A. (the "Bank") due in January 2004. The
Company guaranteed the repayment of the Loans. The participants have agreed to
fully indemnify the Company against any and all liabilities arising under such
guaranty (the "Guaranty") (the principal balance of which was approximately
$22.7 million at December 31, 2002).

         Among other usual commercial provisions, the Guaranty requires that the
Company comply with certain financial covenants. These covenants were initially
designed to be identical in all material respects with the financial covenants
imposed on the Company under its line of credit facility. Since 1998, as the
covenants in the Company's then applicable line of credit facility changed, the
Guaranty has also been similarly amended to remain consistent. In July 2002, the
Company entered into a replacement line of credit facility; however, conforming
amendments to the Guaranty were not made, resulting in differing and
inconsistent financial covenants in the line of credit facility as compared to
the Guaranty. As a consequence, as of September 30, 2002, the Company was not in
compliance with certain of the financial covenants contained in the Guaranty
(the "Differing Financial Covenants"). Because it was not the intention of the
parties to impose disparate requirements on the Guaranty and the Company's line
of credit, the Bank waived any breach of the Guaranty arising solely as a result
of the Company's non-compliance with the Differing Financial Covenants so long
as the Company remains in compliance with all of the terms and conditions of its
line of credit facility. As of December 31, 2002, the Company was in compliance
with the terms and conditions of its line of credit facility and, as a result,
the Company was in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Guaranty.

         Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Sarbanes-Oxley
Act") states that it is "unlawful for any issuer . . . directly or indirectly,
including through any subsidiary, to extend or maintain credit, to arrange for
the extension of credit, or to renew an extension of credit, in the form of a
personal loan to or for any director or executive officer (or equivalent
thereof) of that


                                      -36-
<PAGE>

issuer." Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act provides an exception for certain
extensions of credit which are "maintained by the issuer on the date of
enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act [July 30, 2002] . . ., provided that there
is no material modification to any term of any such extension of credit or any
renewal of any such extension of credit on or after that date of enactment."
Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss, P.C. has delivered a reasoned opinion to the
Company to the effect that, based on various assumptions and qualifications set
forth in the opinion, a court could reasonably find that Section 402 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act does not apply to the waiver letter issued by the Bank and
that, even if a court determines that Section 402 applies to the Bank's waiver
letter, a court could reasonably conclude that the Guaranty fits within the
exception under Section 402 for extensions of credit maintained by the issuer
prior to July 30, 2002. Arthur A. Weiss, a stockholder of Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer &
Weiss, P.C., the Company's regular outside counsel, is a director of the Company
and received a personal loan to purchase common OP Units under the Purchase
Plan.

         There is no case law directly on point, and we cannot assure you that a
court would not decide differently from the views expressed in counsel's opinion
and such opinion represents only the best judgment of counsel and is not binding
in the courts. It is unclear what the consequences to the Company would be if a
court determined the Bank's waiver letter constituted a material modification of
the terms of the Guaranty in violation of Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

         The Company's primary long-term liquidity needs are principal payments
on outstanding indebtedness. At December 31, 2002, the Company's outstanding
contractual obligations were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                PAYMENTS DUE BY PERIOD
                                                                                    (IN THOUSANDS)
                                                               -------------------------------------------------------

CONTRACTUAL CASH OBLIGATIONS(1)               TOTAL DUE         1 YEAR     2-3 YEARS       4-5 YEARS     AFTER 5 YEARS
                                              ---------         ------     ---------       ---------     -------------
<S>                                           <C>              <C>         <C>             <C>           <C>
Bridge Loan                                    $ 48,000        $ 48,000
Line of credit                                   63,000                                     $ 63,000
Collateralized term loan                         42,206             658     $  1,463          40,085
Collateralized term loan - FNMA                 152,363                                                      $152,363
Senior notes(2)                                 285,000          85,000       65,000          35,000          100,000
Mortgage notes, other                            60,366           1,046       24,096          13,814           21,410
Capitalized lease obligations                    16,438           6,832        9,606
Redeemable Preferred OP Units                    53,978           1,000        2,564          14,632           35,782
                                               --------        --------     --------        --------         --------
                                               $721,351        $142,536     $102,729        $166,531         $309,555
                                               ========        ========     ========        ========         ========
</TABLE>

(1)      As noted above, the Company is the guarantor of $22.7 million in
         personal bank loans, maturing in 2004, made to the Company's directors,
         employees and consultants for the purpose of purchasing shares of
         Company common stock or Operating Partnership OP Units pursuant to the
         Company's Stock Purchase Plan. The Company is obligated under the
         Guaranty only in the event that one or more of the borrowers cannot
         repay their loan when due. This contingent liability is not reflected
         on the Company's balance sheet.

(2)      The provisions of the callable/redeemable $65 million notes are such
         that the maturity date will likely be 2005 if the 10-year treasury rate
         is greater than 5.7% on May 16, 2005. The maturity is reflected in the
         above table based on that assumption.



                                      -37-
<PAGE>
         The Company anticipates meeting its long-term liquidity requirements,
such as scheduled debt maturities, large property acquisitions and Operating
Partnership unit redemptions, through the issuance of debt or equity securities,
including equity units in the Operating Partnership, or from selective asset
sales. As discussed above, the Company is also obligated to loan Origen up to
$35.5 million under the Origen credit facility, of which $1.9 million remained
to be drawn as of December 31, 2002. The Company has maintained investment grade
ratings with Moody's Investor Service and Standard & Poor's, which facilitates
access to the senior unsecured debt market. Since 1993, the Company has raised,
in the aggregate, nearly $1 billion from the sale of shares of its common stock,
the sale of OP units in the Operating Partnership, and the issuance of secured
and unsecured debt securities. In addition, at December 31, 2002, 92 of the
Properties were unencumbered by debt, therefore, providing substantial financial
flexibility. The ability of the Company to finance its long-term liquidity
requirements in such manner will be affected by numerous economic factors
affecting the manufactured housing community industry at the time, including the
availability and cost of mortgage debt, the financial condition of the Company,
the operating history of the Properties, the state of the debt and equity
markets, and the general national, regional and local economic conditions. See
"Factors that May Affect Future Results". If the Company is unable to obtain
additional equity or debt financing on acceptable terms, the Company's business,
results of operations and financial condition will be harmed.

         The Company's $48.0 million bridge loan and $85.0 million principal
amount of senior unsecured notes are due April 30 and May 1, 2003, respectively.
The Company expects to repay this indebtedness by issuing additional senior
unsecured debt securities. The ability of the Company to issue such additional
debt securities will be affected primarily by the state of the senior unsecured
debt market and general, national and international economic and political
conditions, such as the uncertainty associated with the current war in Iraq. If
the Company is unable to access the senior unsecured debt market, or is unable
to otherwise refinance these notes, on terms acceptable to the Company prior to
May 1, 2003 and the Company is unable to successfully negotiate extensions with
the holders of these debt obligations, the Company would seek secured financing
on some of its 92 unencumbered properties.

         Included in minority interests are $36 million of Preferred OP Units
which would require collateralization were the Company to no longer be
classified as investment grade by the rating agencies.

         At December 31, 2002, the Company's debt to total market capitalization
approximated 43.6 percent (assuming conversion of all Common OP Units to shares
of common stock). The debt has a weighted average maturity of approximately 4.6
years and a weighted average interest rate of 5.3 percent.

         Capital expenditures for the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001
included recurring capital expenditures of $7.1 million and $4.8 million,
respectively.

         Net cash used in investing activities was $168.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2002 compared to $34.8 million in the prior year. The
differences are due to: increased investment in rental properties of $17.0
million; decreased proceeds from property disposition of $14 million; and
increased investment in notes receivables and investment in and advances to
affiliates of $103.1 million. Additionally, the Company acquired $10.0 million
in rental properties through the issuance of Preferred OP Units.




                                      -38-
<PAGE>

         Net cash provided by financing activities was $116.0 million for the
year ended December 31, 2002, compared to a use of net cash in the prior year of
$44.9 million. The differences are due to: changes in net proceeds from notes
payable, inclusive of line of credit repayments, of $144.5 million; changes in
net proceeds from common stock issuance of $19.2 million; and increased
distributions of $2.8 million.

RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

         The Company's ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the years ended
December 31, 2002, 2001, and 2000 was 1.68:1, 1.73:1 and 1.74:1 respectively.

INFLATION

         Most of the leases allow for periodic rent increases which provide the
Company with the opportunity to achieve increases in rental income as each lease
expires. Such types of leases generally minimize the risk of inflation to the
Company.

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT

         This Form 10-K contains various "forward-looking statements" within the
meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
and the Company intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the
safe harbors created thereby. The words "may", "will", "expect", "believe",
"anticipate", "should", "estimate", and similar expressions identify
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect the
Company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance,
but are based upon current assumptions regarding the Company's operations,
future results and prospects, and are subject to many uncertainties and factors
relating to the Company's operations and business environment which may cause
the actual results of the Company to be materially different from any future
results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Please see
"Factors That May Affect Future Results" for a representative example of such
uncertainties and factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new
information, future events, or otherwise.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

         In January 2003, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB")
issued FASB Interpretation No. 46 ("FIN No. 46"), "Consolidation of Variable
Interest Entities." The objective of this interpretation is to provide guidance
on how to identify a variable interest entity ("VIE") and determine when the
assets, liabilities, non-controlling interests and results of operations of a
VIE need to be included in a company's consolidated financial statements. A
company that holds variable interests in an entity will need to consolidate the
entity if the company's interest in the VIE is such that the company will absorb
a majority of the VIE"s expected losses and/or receive a majority of the VIE's
expected residual returns, if they occur. FIN No. 46 also requires additional
disclosures by primary beneficiaries and other significant variable interest
holders. The provisions of this interpretation became effective upon issuance
with respect to VIEs created after January 31, 2003 and to VIEs in which a
company obtains an interest after that date. The provisions of this
interpretation apply in the first interim period


                                      -39-
<PAGE>

beginning after June 15, 2003 (i.e., third quarter of 2003) to VIEs in which a
company holds a variable interest that it acquired before February 1, 2003. The
Company is in the process of assessing whether it has an interest in any VIEs
which may require consolidation in the third quarter of 2003 pursuant to FIN No.
46. Entities that may be identified as VIEs include SHS and Origen.

         In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS 148, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation-Transition and Disclosure," which provides guidance on how to
transition from the intrinsic value method of accounting for stock-based
employee compensation under APB 25 to SFAS 123's fair value method of
accounting, if a company so elects. The adoption of this standard did not have a
significant impact on the financial position or results of operations of the
Company.

         In November 2002, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation (FIN 45) No. 45,
"Guarantor's Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including
Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others." FIN 45 clarifies disclosures
that are required to be made for certain guarantees and establishes a
requirement to record a liability at fair value for certain guarantees at the
time of the guarantee's issuance. The disclosure requirements of FIN No. 45 have
been applied in these financial statements. The requirement to record a
liability applies to guarantees issued or modified after December 31, 2002. We
do not expect the requirements of FIN 45 to have a significant impact on the
financial position or results of operations of the Company.

         In July 2002, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards ("SFAS") No. 146, "Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or
Disposal Activities." The statement requires companies to recognize costs
associated with exit or disposal activities when they are incurred rather than
at the date of a commitment to an exit or disposal plan. Examples of costs
covered by the statement include lease termination costs and certain employee
severance costs that are associated with a restructuring, discontinued
operation, plant closing or other exit or disposal activity. The statement is to
be applied prospectively to exit or disposal activities initiated after December
31, 2002. The adoption of this statement is not expected to have a significant
impact on the financial position or results of operations of the Company.

         In May 2002, the FASB issued SFAS 145, "Rescission of SFAS Nos. 4, 44
and 64, Amendment of SFAS 13, and Technical Corrections as of April 2002." The
provisions of this statement related to the rescission of Statement 4 shall be
applied in fiscal years beginning after May 15, 2002. The provisions related to
Statement 13 shall be effective for transactions occurring after May 15, 2002,
with early application encouraged. All provisions of this Statement shall be
effective for financial statements issued on or after May 15, 2002, with early
application encouraged. Adoption of this statement did not have a significant
impact on the financial position or results of operations of the Company.

         In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets." This Statement supersedes SFAS No.
121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived
Assets to Be Disposed Of," and the accounting and reporting provisions of APB
Opinion No. 30, "Reporting the Results of Operations -- Reporting the Effects of
Disposal of a Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently
Occurring Events and Transactions," for the disposal of a segment of a


                                      -40-
<PAGE>

business (as previously defined in that Opinion). The provisions of this SFAS
144 are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2001, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with
early application encouraged. The provisions of this standard are generally to
be applied prospectively. During the first quarter of 2002, the Company sold
Kings Pointe Mobile Home Park, located in Winter Haven, Florida, for
approximately $3.4 million. In accordance with SFAS 144, the Company's
consolidated statements of income and consolidated statements of cash flow have
been revised from those originally reported for the years ended December 31,
2002, 2001 and 2000 to separately reflect the results of discontinued operations
for one property that was sold in the first quarter of 2002. These results were
previously included in income from operations. These revisions had no impact on
the Company's consolidated balance sheets or statements of stockholders' equity
and these revisions had no impact on net income or net income per share of
common stock for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.

         In June 2001, the FASB approved SFAS No. 141, "Business Combinations
and SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." SFAS 141 requires,
among other things, that the purchase method of accounting for business
combinations be used for all business combinations initiated after September 30,
2001. SFAS 142 addresses the accounting for goodwill and other intangible assets
subsequent to their acquisition. SFAS 142 requires, among other things, that
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets no longer be amortized and
that such assets be tested for impairment at least annually. The adoption of
these standards did not have a significant impact on the financial position or
results of operations of the Company.

OTHER

         Funds from operations ("FFO") is defined by the National Association of
Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT") as "net income (computed in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles), excluding gains (or losses) from
sales of property, plus rental property depreciation and amortization, and after
adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures." Industry
analysts consider FFO to be an appropriate supplemental measure of the operating
performance of an equity REIT primarily because the computation of FFO excludes
historical cost depreciation as an expense and thereby facilitates the
comparison of REITs which have different cost bases in their assets. Historical
cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real
estate assets diminishes predictably over time, whereas real estate values have
instead historically risen or fallen based upon market conditions. FFO does not
represent cash flow from operations as defined by generally accepted accounting
principles and is a supplemental measure of performance that does not replace
net income as a measure of performance or net cash provided by operating
activities as a measure of liquidity. In addition, FFO is not intended as a
measure of a REIT's ability to meet debt principal repayments and other cash
requirements, nor as a measure of working capital. The following table
reconciles net income to FFO and calculates FFO data for both basic and diluted
purposes for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 (in thousands):



                                      -41-
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
              RECONCILIATION OF NET INCOME TO FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS
            (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE/OP UNIT AMOUNTS)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         2002             2001           2000
                                                                      -----------     ------------   -----------
<S>                                                                   <C>             <C>            <C>
Income before minority interests,
       discontinued operations and gain from
       property dispositions, net                                     $    23,118     $     43,046   $    41,592
Adjustments:
    Depreciation of rental property                                        38,262           33,050        30,209
    Valuation adjustment (1)                                                  449               --            --
    NOI from discontinued operations                                           11              121            95
    Allocation of SunChamp losses (2)                                       1,315               --            --
    Reduction in book value of investments                                 13,881               --            --
    Income allocated to Preferred OP Units                                 (7,803)          (8,131)       (7,826)
                                                                      -----------     ------------     ---------

FFO                                                                   $    69,233     $     68,086     $  64,070
                                                                      ===========     ============     =========

Weighted average common shares and OP Units
  outstanding for basic per share/unit data                                20,177           19,907        19,999
Dilutive securities:
         Stock options and awards                                             186              182            86
                                                                      -----------     ------------   -----------
Weighted average common shares and OP Units
   outstanding for diluted per share/unit data                             20,363           20,089        20,085
                                                                      ===========     ============   ===========
FFO per weighted average Common Share/OP Unit
   assuming dilution                                                  $      3.40     $       3.39   $      3.19
                                                                      ===========     ============   ===========
</TABLE>

(1)  The Company entered into interest rate swaps for an aggregate of $75
     million, thereby substantially fixing for periods of 5 to 7 years rates
     which were formerly floating. The valuation adjustment reflects the
     theoretical noncash profit and loss were those swaps terminated at the
     balance sheet date. As the Company has no expectation of terminating the
     swaps prior to maturity, the net of these noncash valuation adjustments
     will be zero at the various maturities. As any imperfections related to
     hedging correlation in these swaps is reflected currently in cash as
     interest, the valuation adjustments are excluded from Funds From
     Operations. The valuation adjustment is included in interest expense.

(2)  The Company acquired the equity interest of another investor in SunChamp in
     December 2002. Consideration consisted of a long-term note payable at net
     book value. The note is subordinated to the return of gross book value of
     equity and cumulative preferred returns of 9.25% on the Company's
     investment and the acquired investment. In substance, this note is a
     cumulative "first-loss" position relative to the Company's interest.
     Accordingly, the losses formerly allocated or allocable to the Company are
     reallocated to the note.



                                      -42-
<PAGE>

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

         The Company's principal market risk exposure is interest rate risk. The
Company mitigates this risk by maintaining prudent amounts of leverage,
minimizing capital costs and interest expense while continuously evaluating all
available debt and equity resources and following established risk management
policies and procedures, which include the periodic use of derivatives. The
Company's primary strategy in entering into derivative contracts is to minimize
the variability that changes in interest rates could have on its future cash
flows. The Company generally employs derivative instruments that effectively
convert a portion of its variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. The Company does
not enter into derivative instruments for speculative purposes.

         The Company's variable rate debt totals $285.4 million as of December
31, 2002 which bears interest at various LIBOR or FNMA Discounted Mortgage
Backed Securities ("DMBS") rates. If LIBOR or DMBS increased or decreased by 1.0
percent during the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001, the Company believes
its interest expense would have increased or decreased by approximately $1.7
million and $0.7 million, respectively, based on the $171.3 million and $68.3
million average balance outstanding under the Company's variable rate debt
facilities for the year ended December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

         Additionally, the Company had $27.3 million and $49.0 million LIBOR
based variable rate mortgage and other notes receivables as of December 31, 2002
and 2001. If LIBOR increased or decreased by 1.0 percent during the years ended
December 31, 2002 and 2001, the Company believes interest income would have
increased or decreased by approximately $0.37 million and $0.8 million,
respectively, based on the $36.7 million and $79.5 million average balance
outstanding on all variable rate notes receivables for the year ended December
31, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

         In September 2002, the Company entered into three separate interest
rate swap agreements, effectively fixing, in the aggregate, $75 million of the
Company's variable rate borrowings for a period commencing April 2003. One of
these swap agreements fixes $25 million of variable rate borrowings at 4.93% for
the period April 2003 through July 2009, another of these swap agreements fixes
$25 million of variable rate borrowings at 5.37% for the period April 2003
through July 2012 and the third swap agreement, which is only effective for so
long as LIBOR is 7% or less, fixes $25 million of variable rate borrowings at
3.97% for the period April 2003 through July 2007.


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         Financial statements and supplementary data are filed herewith under
Item 15.


                                      -43-
<PAGE>

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         The Company owns approximately a thirty percent equity interest in
Origen Financial, L.L.C. On December 9, 2002, Origen engaged the certified
public accounting firm of Grant Thornton LLP to serve as its principal
independent accounting firm to audit its financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2002. Prior to Origen's engagement of Grant Thornton LLP, the
Company did not consult with such firm on any accounting, auditing or financial
reporting issue.

                                    PART III

         The information required by ITEMS 10, 11, 12 AND 13 will be included in
the Company's proxy statement for its 2003 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and
is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

         (a) The Chief Executive Officer, Gary A. Shiffman, and Chief Financial
Officer, Jeffrey P. Jorissen, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days of filing this
annual report (the "Evaluation Date"), and concluded that, as of the Evaluation
Date, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure
that information the Company is required to disclose in its filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the "Exchange Act") is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the
time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms, and to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's
management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

         (b) There were no significant changes in the Company's internal
controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls
subsequent to the Evaluation Date, including any corrective actions with regard
to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.



                                      -44-
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

         (a) The following documents are filed herewith as part of this Form
10-K:

                  (1) A list of the financial statements required to be filed as
a part of this Form 10-K is shown in the "Index to the Consolidated Financial
Statements and Financial Statement Schedule" filed herewith.

                  (2) A list of the financial statement schedules required to be
filed as a part of this Form 10-K is shown in the "Index to the Consolidated
Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule" filed herewith.

                  (3) A list of the exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation
S-K to be filed as a part of this Form 10-K is shown on the "Exhibit Index"
filed herewith.

         (b) Reports on Form 8-K:

                  No Current Reports on Form 8-K were filed during the last
fiscal quarter for the year ended December 31, 2002.




                                      -45-
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 31, 2003
                                            SUN COMMUNITIES, INC., a
                                            Maryland corporation

                                            By: /s/ Gary A. Shiffman
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                    Gary A. Shiffman, President

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NAME                                               TITLE                             DATE
- ----                                               -----                             ----
<S>                               <C>                                             <C>

/s/ Gary A. Shiffman              Chief Executive Officer, President and          March 31, 2003
- ---------------------------       Chairman of the Board of Directors
Gary A. Shiffman

/s/ Jeffrey P. Jorissen           Senior Vice President, Chief Financial          March 31, 2003
- ---------------------------       Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Principal
Jeffrey P. Jorissen               Accounting Officer

/s/ Paul D. Lapides               Director                                        March 31, 2003
- ---------------------------
Paul D. Lapides

/s/ Ted J. Simon                  Director                                        March 31, 2003
- ---------------------------
Ted J. Simon

/s/ Clunet R. Lewis               Director                                        March 31, 2003
- ---------------------------
Clunet R. Lewis

/s/ Ronald L. Piasecki            Director                                        March 31, 2003
- ---------------------------
Ronald L. Piasecki

/s/ Arthur A. Weiss               Director                                        March 31, 2003
- ---------------------------
Arthur A. Weiss
</TABLE>



                                      -46-
<PAGE>

                                 CERTIFICATIONS
        (As Adopted Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

I, Gary A. Shiffman, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sun Communities, Inc.;

2.   Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
     make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
     statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
     this annual report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
     information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

         a)   designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that
              material information relating to the registrant, including its
              consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
              those entities, particularly during the period in which this
              annual report is being prepared;

         b)   evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
              controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the
              filing date of this annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

         c)   presented in this annual report our conclusions about the
              effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on
              our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

5.   The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
     our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
     committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
     equivalent function):

         a)   all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
              internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant's
              ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data
              and have identified for the registrant's auditors any material
              weaknesses in internal controls; and

         b)   any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
              other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
              internal controls; and

6.   The registrant's other certifying officers and I have indicated in this
     annual report whether or not there were significant changes in internal
     controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal
     controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including
     any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material
     weaknesses.

Dated: March 31, 2003                  /s/ Gary A. Shiffman
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Gary A. Shiffman, Chief Executive Officer




                                      -47-
<PAGE>

                                 CERTIFICATIONS
        (As Adopted Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

I, Jeffrey P. Jorissen, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sun Communities, Inc.;

2.   Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
     make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
     statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
     this annual report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
     information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

         a)   designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that
              material information relating to the registrant, including its
              consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
              those entities, particularly during the period in which this
              annual report is being prepared;

         b)   evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
              controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the
              filing date of this annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

         c)   presented in this annual report our conclusions about the
              effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on
              our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

5.   The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
     our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
     committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
     equivalent function):

         a)   all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
              internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant's
              ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data
              and have identified for the registrant's auditors any material
              weaknesses in internal controls; and

         b)   any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
              other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
              internal controls; and

6.   The registrant's other certifying officers and I have indicated in this
     annual report whether or not there were significant changes in internal
     controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal
     controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including
     any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material
     weaknesses.

Dated: March 31, 2003
                                       /s/ Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Jeffrey P. Jorissen, Chief Financial
                                       Officer



                                      -48-
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   EXHIBIT                                                                                        METHOD OF
    NUMBER                                  DESCRIPTION                                            FILING
    ------                                  -----------                                            ------
<S>           <C>                                                                                 <C>
     2.1      Form of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Common Stock Certificate                               (1)
     3.1      Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Sun Communities, Inc                 (1)
     3.2      Bylaws of Sun Communities, Inc.                                                        (2)
     4.1      Indenture, dated as of April 24, 1996, among Sun Communities, Inc., Sun                (3)
              Communities Operating Limited Partnership (the "Operating Partnership") and
              Bankers Trust Company, as Trustee
     4.2      Form of Note for the 2001 Notes                                                        (3)
     4.3      Form of Note for the 2003 Notes                                                        (3)
     4.4      First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 20, 1997, by and between the          (7)
              Operating Partnership and Bankers Trust Company, as Trustee
     4.5      Form of Medium-Term Note (Floating Rate)                                               (7)
     4.6      Form of Medium-Term Note (Fixed Rate)                                                  (7)
     4.7      Articles Supplementary of Board of Directors of Sun Communities, Inc.                  (9)
              Designating a Series of Preferred Stock and Fixing Distribution and other
              Rights in such Series
     4.8      Articles Supplementary of Board of Directors of Sun Communities, Inc.                  (11)
              Designating a Series of Preferred Stock
     10.1     Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Sun Communities        (6)
              Operating Limited Partnership
     10.2     Second Amended and Restated 1993 Stock Option Plan                                     (10)
     10.3     Amended and Restated 1993 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan                      (6)
     10.4     Form of Stock Option Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and certain               (1)
              directors, officers and other individuals#
     10.5     Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Option Agreement between Sun Communities,          (4)
              Inc. and certain directors#
     10.6     Employment Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Gary A. Shiffman#               (6)
     10.7     Amended and Restated Loan Agreement between Sun Communities Funding Limited            (7)
              Partnership and Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
     10.8     Amended and Restated Loan Agreement among Miami Lakes Venture Associates, Sun          (7)
              Communities Funding Limited Partnership and Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
     10.9     Form of Indemnification Agreement between each officer and director of Sun             (7)
              Communities, Inc. and Sun Communities, Inc.
    10.10     Loan Agreement among the Operating Partnership, Sea Breeze Limited Partnership         (7)
              and High Point Associates, LP.
    10.11     Option Agreement by and between the Operating Partnership and Sea Breeze               (7)
              Limited Partnership
    10.12     Option Agreement by and between the Operating Partnership and High Point               (7)
              Associates, LP
    10.13     Stock Pledge Agreement between Gary A. Shiffman and the Operating Partnership          (5)
              for 94,570 shares of Common Stock
    10.14     Stock Pledge Agreement between Gary A. Shiffman and the Operating Partnership          (5)
              for 305,430 shares of Common Stock
    10.15     Stock Pledge Agreement between Gary A. Shiffman and the Operating Partnership          (7)
              with respect to 80,000 shares of Common Stock
</TABLE>



                                      -49-
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   EXHIBIT                                                                                        METHOD OF
    NUMBER                                  DESCRIPTION                                            FILING
    ------                                  -----------                                            ------
<S>           <C>                                                                                 <C>
    10.16     Employment Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Jeffrey P. Jorissen#            (9)
    10.17     Long Term Incentive Plan                                                               (7)
    10.18     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Gary A.             (9)
              Shiffman, dated June 5, 1998#
    10.19     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Jeffrey P.          (9)
              Jorissen, dated June 5, 1998#
    10.20     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun. Communities, Inc. and Jonathan M.        (9)
              Colman, dated June 5, 1998#
    10.21     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Brian W.            (9)
              Fannon, dated June 5, 1998#
    10.22     Sun Communities, Inc. 1998 Stock Purchase Plan#                                        (9)
    10.23     Facility and Guaranty Agreement among Sun Communities, Inc., the Operating             (9)
              Partnership, Certain Subsidiary Guarantors and First National Bank of Chicago,
              dated December 10, 1998
    10.24     Rights Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and State Street Bank and Trust         (8)
              Company, dated April 24, 1998
    10.25     Contribution Agreement, dated as of September 29, 1999, by and among the Sun           (11)
              Communities, Inc., the Operating Partnership, Belcrest Realty Corporation and
              Belair Real Estate Corporation
    10.26     One Hundred Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership         (11)
              Agreement of the Operating Partnership
    10.27     One Hundred Eleventh Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Limited                  (12)
              Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership
    10.28     One Hundred Thirty-Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Limited              (12)
              Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership
    10.29     One Hundred Forty-Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Limited               (12)
              Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership
    10.30     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Gary A.             (12)
              Shiffman, dated March 30, 2001#
    10.31     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Jeffrey P.          (12)
              Jorissen, dated March 30, 2001#
    10.32     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Jonathan M.         (12)
              Colman, dated March 30, 2001#
    10.33     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Brian W.            (12)
              Fannon, dated March 30, 2001#
    10.34     Investment Agreement dated July 20, 2001 between SUI TRS, Inc., Shiffman Family        (12)
              LLC, Bingham and Woodward Holdings, LLC, amended by Amendment to Investment
              Agreement dated August 13, 2001
    10.35     Limited Liability Company Agreement of Origen Financial, L.L.C. dated December         (12)
              18, 2001 by and among SUI TRS, Inc., Shiffman Family LLC, Bingham and Woodward
              Holdings LLC
    10.36     Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement, dated December 4,             (15)
              2002, by and between Origen Financial L.L.C. and the Operating Partnership
    10.37     Subordinated Term Loan Agreement, dated December 4, 2002, by and between Origen        (15)
              Financial L.L.C. and the Operating Partnership
</TABLE>



                                      -50-
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   EXHIBIT                                                                                        METHOD OF
    NUMBER                                  DESCRIPTION                                            FILING
    ------                                  -----------                                            ------
<S>           <C>                                                                                 <C>
    10.38     First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement,            (15)
              dated December 30, 2002, by and between Origen Financial L.L.C. and Sun Home
              Services
    10.39     First Amendment to Subordinated Term Loan Agreement, dated December 30, 2002,          (15)
              by and between Origen Financial L.L.C. and Sun Home Services
    10.40     Seventh Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated December 30, 2002, made by         (15)
              Origen Financial L.L.C. in favor of Sun Home Services
    10.41     First Amended and Restated Subordinated Term Promissory Note, dated December           (15)
              30, 2002, made by Origen Financial L.L.C. in favor of Sun Home Services
    10.42     First Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated December 30, 2002, by and         (15)
              between Origen Financial L.L.C. and Sun Home Services
    10.43     Second Amended and Restated Stock Pledge Agreement, dated December 30, 2002, by        (15)
              and between Origen Financial L.L.C. and Sun Home Services
    10.44     First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Interest Security and             (15)
              Pledge Agreement, dated December 30, 2002, by and between Origen Financial
              L.L.C. and Sun Home Services
    10.45     Second Amended and Restated Guaranty, dated December 30, 2002, by Bingham in           (15)
              favor of the Operating Partnership
    10.46     Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated December 30, 2002, by and        (15)
              between Bingham and Sun Home Services.
    10.47     Amended and Restated Stock Pledge Agreement, dated December 30, 2002, by and           (15)
              between Bingham and Sun Home Services
    10.48     Amended and Restated Membership Pledge Agreement, dated December 30, 2002, by          (15)
              and between Bingham and Sun Home Services.
    10.49     Second Amended and Restated Participation Agreement, dated December 30, 2002,          (15)
              by and among Sun Home Services, the Milton M. Shiffman Spouse's Marital Trust
              and Woodward Holding LLC
    10.50     Master Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2002, by and between Sun
              Secured Financing LLC, Aspen-Ft. Collins Limited Partnership, Sun Secured              (13)
              Financing Houston Limited Partnership and ARCS Commercial Mortgage Co., L.P.
    10.51     Credit Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2002, by and between the Operating
              Partnership, Sun Communities, Inc., Banc One Capital Markets, Inc., Bank One,          (13)
              N.A. and other lenders which are signatories thereto
    10.52     First Amendment to Master Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of August 29,
              2002, by and between Sun Secured Financing LLC, Aspen-Ft. Collins Limited              (14)
              Partnership, Sun Secured Financing Houston Limited Partnership and ARCS
              Commercial Mortgage Co., L.P.
    10.53     First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2002, by and             (14)
              between Sun Communities, Inc. and Gary A. Shiffman#
    10.54     Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note (Secured), dated as of July 15,
              2002, made by Gary A. Shiffman in favor of the Operating Partnership                   (14)
    10.55     First Amended and Restated Promissory Note (Unsecured), dated as of July 15,
              2002, made by Gary A. Shiffman in favor of the Operating Partnership                   (14)
</TABLE>



                                      -51-
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   EXHIBIT                                                                                        METHOD OF
    NUMBER                                  DESCRIPTION                                            FILING
    ------                                  -----------                                            ------
<S>           <C>                                                                                 <C>
    10.56     First Amended and Restated Promissory Note (Secured), dated as of July 15,
              2002, made by Gary A. Shiffman in favor of the Operating Partnership                   (14)
    10.57     Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note (Unsecured), dated as of July 15,
              2002, made by Gary A. Shiffman in favor of the Operating Partnership                   (14)
    10.58     Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note (Secured), dated as of July 15,
              2002, made by Gary A. Shiffman in favor of the Operating Partnership                   (14)
    10.59     Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2003, by and between Brian W.             (15)
              Fannon and Sun Home Services, Inc.#
    10.60     Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2003, by and between Brian W.             (15)
              Fannon and Sun Communities, Inc.#
    10.61     Lease, dated November 1, 2002, by and between the Operating Partnership as             (15)
              Tenant and American Center LLC as Landlord
    10.62     Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2002, among Sun Financial, LLC,           (15)
              Sun Financial Texas Limited Partnership, the Operating Partnership, Sun
              Communities, Inc. and Lehman Commercial Paper, Inc.
     12.1     Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Ratio Earnings to                (15)
              Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends
     21.1     List of Subsidiaries of Sun Communities, Inc.                                          (15)
     23.1     Independent Auditors' Consent                                                          (15)
     99.1     Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to               (15)
              Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
     99.2     Opinion of Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss, P.C. with respect to REIT qualification        (15)
     99.3     Audited financial statements of Origen Financial L.L.C.                                (15)
     99.4     Audited financial statements of Sun Home Services, Inc.                                (16)

</TABLE>
- -------------------

(1)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Registration
         Statement No. 33-69340.

(2)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on
         Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995.

(3)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on
         Form 8-K dated April 24, 1996.

(4)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Registration
         Statement No. 33-80972.

(5)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Quarterly Report
         on Form 10-K for the quarter ended September 30, 1995.

(6)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on
         Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996.

(7)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on
         Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997.

(8)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on
         Form 8-A dated May 27,1998.



                                      -52-
<PAGE>
(9)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on
         Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998.

(10)     Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Proxy Statement,
         dated April 20, 1999

(11)     Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on
         Form 8-K dated October 14, 1999.

(12)     Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on
         Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001.

(13)     Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Quarterly Report
         on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002.

(14)     Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Quarterly Report
         on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2002.

(15)     Filed herewith.

(16)     To be filed.

#        Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be
         identified by Form 10-K Item 14.


                                      -53-
<PAGE>
SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
INDEX TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                           PAGES
<S>                                                                                                   <C>
Report of Independent Accountants                                                                            F-2


Financial Statements:

   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2002 and 2001                                              F-3

   Consolidated Statements of Income
   for the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000                                                      F-4

   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
   for the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000                                                      F-5

   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
   for the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000                                                      F-6

   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
   for the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000                                                      F-7

   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                         F-8 - F-22


Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation                                              F-23 - F-26
</TABLE>





                                      F-1
<PAGE>



To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Sun Communities, Inc.:

In our opinion, based upon our audits and the report of other auditors, the
consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item 15 on
page F-1 present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Sun
Communities, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2002 and 2001, and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2002, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion,
based on our audits and the report of other auditors, the financial statement
schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15 on page F-1 presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in
conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. These financial
statements and the financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the
Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and the financial statement schedule based on our audits.
We did not audit the financial statements of Origen Financial, L.L.C., an
investee of the Company, which statements reflect total assets of $227,748,000
at December 31, 2002 and total revenues of $20,835,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2002. Those statements were audited by other auditors whose report
thereon has been furnished to us, and our opinion expressed herein, insofar as
it relates to the amounts included for Origen Financial, L.L.C., is based solely
on the report of the other auditors. We conducted our audits of these statements
in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America, which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits and the report of other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

As discussed in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, on January 1,
2002, the Company adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets".

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


Detroit, Michigan
March 12, 2003



                                      F-2
<PAGE>


                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                           DECEMBER 31, 2002 AND 2001
                (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT FOR PER SHARE DATA)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         ASSETS                                   2002                   2001
                                                                               -----------            -----------

<S>                                                                            <C>                    <C>
Investment in rental property, net                                             $   999,360            $   829,174
Cash and cash equivalents                                                            2,664                  4,587
Notes and other receivables                                                         56,329                 75,532
Investments in and advances to affiliates                                           67,719                 55,451
Other assets                                                                        37,904                 29,705
                                                                               -----------            -----------
               Total assets                                                    $ 1,163,976            $   994,449
                                                                               ===========            ===========

                          LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Liabilities:
    Line of credit                                                             $    63,000            $    93,000
    Debt                                                                           604,373                402,198
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                           16,120                 17,683
    Deposits and other liabilities                                                   8,461                  8,929
                                                                               -----------            -----------

               Total liabilities                                                   691,954                521,810
                                                                               -----------            -----------

Minority interests                                                                 152,490                142,998
                                                                               -----------            -----------

Stockholders' equity:
    Preferred stock, $.01 par value, 10,000 shares
          authorized, none issued                                                        -                      -

    Common stock, $.01 par value, 100,000 shares
          authorized, 18,281 and 17,763 issued and
          outstanding in 2002 and 2001, respectively                                   183                    178
    Paid-in capital                                                                420,683                399,789
    Officers' notes                                                                (10,703)               (11,004)
    Unearned compensation                                                           (8,622)                (6,999)
    Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                            (1,851)                     -
    Distributions in excess of accumulated earnings                                (73,774)               (45,939)
    Treasury stock, at cost, 202 shares                                             (6,384)                (6,384)
                                                                               -----------            -----------
          Total stockholders' equity                                               319,532                329,641
                                                                               -----------            -----------

          Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                           $ 1,163,976            $   994,449
                                                                               ===========            ===========

</TABLE>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                  statements.


                                      F-3
<PAGE>




                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000
                (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT FOR PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   2002             2001              2000
                                                                                ------------     ------------      ------------
<S>                                                                             <C>              <C>               <C>
REVENUES
  Income from property..........................................................$    151,612     $    138,687       $   132,129
  Other income..................................................................      10,684           14,401            13,498
                                                                                ------------     ------------      ------------
    Total revenues..............................................................     162,296          153,088           145,627
                                                                                ------------     ------------      ------------

EXPENSES
  Property operating and maintenance............................................      33,387           28,972            28,408
  Real estate taxes.............................................................      10,542            9,492             9,083
  Property management...........................................................       2,502            2,746             2,934
  General and administrative....................................................       5,220            4,627             4,079
  Depreciation and amortization.................................................      38,525           33,320            30,487
  Interest......................................................................      32,375           31,016            29,651
                                                                                ------------     ------------      ------------
    Total expenses..............................................................     122,551          110,173           104,642
                                                                                ------------     ------------      ------------

Income before equity income (loss) from affiliates, minority interests,
  discontinued operations and gain from property dispositions,
  net...........................................................................      39,745           42,915            40,985
Equity income (loss) from affiliates............................................     (16,627)             131               607
                                                                                ------------     ------------      ------------

Income before minority interests, discontinued operations and
  gain from property dispositions, net..........................................      23,118           43,046            41,592

Less income allocated to minority interests:
    Preferred OP Units..........................................................       7,803            8,131             7,826
    Common OP Units.............................................................       2,003            5,215             5,196
                                                                                ------------     ------------      ------------

Income from continuing operations...............................................      13,312           29,700            28,570
Income (loss) from discontinued operations......................................         280              (65)              (77)
Gain from property dispositions, net............................................          --            4,275             4,801
                                                                                ------------     ------------      ------------
Net income......................................................................$     13,592     $     33,910      $     33,294
                                                                                ============     ============      ============

Basic earnings per share:
    Continuing operations.......................................................$       0.75     $       1.96      $       1.92
    Discontinued operations.....................................................        0.02               --                --
                                                                                ------------     ------------      ------------
    Net Income..................................................................$       0.77     $       1.96      $       1.92
                                                                                ============     ============      ============
Diluted earnings per share:
    Continuing operations.......................................................$       0.74     $       1.94      $       1.91
    Discontinued operations.....................................................        0.02               --                --
                                                                                ------------     ------------      ------------
    Net Income..................................................................$       0.76     $       1.94      $       1.91
                                                                                ============     ============      ============
Weighted average common shares outstanding:
    Basic.......................................................................      17,595           17,258            17,304
                                                                                ============     ============      ============
    Diluted.....................................................................      17,781           17,440            17,390
                                                                                ============     ============      ============
</TABLE>


   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                   statements



                                      F-4
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2002               2001                 2000
                                                          --------           --------             --------
<S>                                                       <C>                <C>                  <C>
Net income                                                $ 13,592           $ 33,910             $ 33,294
Unrealized losses on interest rate swaps                    (1,851)                --                   --
                                                          --------           --------             --------
Comprehensive income                                      $ 11,741           $ 33,910             $ 33,294
                                                          ========           ========             ========
</TABLE>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                   statements


                                      F-5
<PAGE>


                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000
                (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT FOR PER SHARE DATA)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       ACCUMULATED        DISTRIBUTIONS
                                                                                          OTHER            IN EXCESS OF
                                           COMMON       PAID-IN        UNEARNED       COMPREHENSIVE        ACCUMULATED    TREASURY
                                            STOCK       CAPITAL      COMPENSATION         LOSS              EARNINGS       STOCK
                                          ----------  ------------   ---------------  -----------------    -----------    --------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>            <C>              <C>                 <C>           <C>
Balance, January 1, 2000..................    $174     $  393,360     $   (5,459)       $        --        $(38,265)    $        --
Issuance of common stock, net.............       1            445
Amortization..............................                                   713
Treasury stock purchased, 7 shares........                                                                                     (221)
Reclassification and conversion of
   minority interests.....................                    (34)
Net income................................                                                                   33,294
Cash distributions declared of $2.10
   per share..............................                                                                  (36,717)
                                            ------        -------     ----------         ----------       ---------      ----------
Balance, December 31, 2000................     175        393,771         (4,746)                           (41,688)           (221)
Issuance of common stock, net.............       3          4,077         (3,188)
Amortization..............................                                   935
Treasury stock purchased, 194 shares......                                                                                   (6,163)
Reclassification and conversion of
   minority interests.....................                  1,941
Net income................................                                                                   33,910
Cash distributions declared of $2.18
   per share..............................                                                                 ( 38,161)
                                            ------     ----------     ----------         ----------       ---------      ----------
Balance, December 31, 2001................     178        399,789         (6,999)                           (45,939)         (6,384)
 Issuance of common stock, net............      5          17,406         (2,767)
Amortization..............................                                 1,144
Reclassification and conversion of
   minority interests.....................                  3,488
Net income................................                                                                   13,592
Unrealized loss on interest rate swaps....                                                   (1,851)
Cash distributions declared of $2.29
   per share..............................                                                                  (41,427)
Balance, December 31, 2002................  $  183     $  420,683    $    (8,622)        $   (1,851)      $ (73,774)     $   (6,384)
                                            ======     ==========    ===========         ==========       =========      ==========
</TABLE>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                   statements


                                      F-6
<PAGE>


                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     2002              2001             2000
                                                                                 -----------        -----------      ------------
<S>                                                                              <C>               <C>               <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
   Net income....................................................................$    13,592       $    33,910       $     33,294
      Adjustments to reconcile net income to.....................................
         cash provided by operating activities:
      Income allocated to minority interests.....................................      2,003              5,215             5,196
      Gain from property dispositions, net.......................................         --            (4,275)            (4,801)
      (Income) loss from discontinued operations.................................       (280)                65                77
      Operating income included in discontinued operations.......................         11               121                 95
      Depreciation and amortization..............................................     38,525            33,320             30,487
      Amortization of deferred financing costs...................................      1,231             1,065                943
      Reduction in book value of investments.....................................     13,881                --                 --
  Increase in other assets.......................................................    (15,973)            (4,879)           (7,480)
  Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and other liabilities..................     (2,031)             1,329            (1,133)
                                                                                 -----------        -----------      ------------
      Net cash provided by operating activities..................................     50,959             65,871            56,678
                                                                                 -----------        -----------      ------------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Investment in rental properties................................................    (87,283)           (70,331)          (57,832)
  Proceeds related to property dispositions......................................      3,288             17,331            34,460
  Investment in notes receivable, net............................................    (33,397)            37,968           (46,577)
  Investment in and advances to affiliates.......................................    (51,782)           (20,056)              675
  Officers' notes................................................................        301                253               195
                                                                                 -----------        -----------      ------------
      Net cash used in investing activities......................................   (168,873)           (34,835)          (69,079)
                                                                                 -----------        -----------      ------------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Net proceeds from issuance of common stock and operating
      partnership units,  net....................................................     13,801                809               430
  Treasury stock purchases.......................................................         --             (6,163)             (221)
  Borrowings (repayments) on line of credit, net.................................    (30,000)            81,000           (35,000)
  Proceeds from notes payable and other debt.....................................    200,363                 --           100,000
  Repayments on notes payable and other debt.....................................    (18,488)           (76,599)           (2,056)
  Payments for deferred financing costs..........................................     (2,914)                --            (1,242)
  Distributions..................................................................    (46,771)           (43,962)          (42,374)
                                                                                 -----------        -----------      ------------
      Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities........................    115,991            (44,915)           19,537
                                                                                 -----------        -----------      ------------
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents..........................     (1,923)           (13,879)            7,136
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year..................................      4,587             18,466            11,330
                                                                                 -----------        -----------      ------------
   Cash and cash equivalents, end of year........................................$     2,664        $     4,587      $     18,466
                                                                                 ===========        ===========      ============
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
   Cash paid for interest including capitalized amounts of $2,915
      $3,704 and $3,148 in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.....................$    34,830        $    34,048      $     31,882
   Noncash investing and financing activities:
      Debt assumed for rental properties.........................................     20,653             26,289                --
      Issuance of partnership units for rental properties........................      4,500              4,612             3,564
      Issuance of partnership units to retire capitalized lease obligations......      5,520                 --                --
      SunChamp assets acquired ..................................................     92,410                 --                --
      SunChamp liabilities assumed ..............................................     86,210                 --                --
      Notes issued for SunChamp equity ..........................................      6,200                 --                --
      Restricted common stock issued as unearned compensation, net...............      2,767              3,188                --
      Notes receivable reclassified to advances to affiliate ....................         --             11,210                --
      Property acquired (sold) in satisfaction of note receivable................         --              1,338            (8,614)
</TABLE>


   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                   statements



                                      F-7
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000

1.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

         a.       BUSINESS: Sun Communities, Inc. (the "Company") is a real
                  estate investment trust ("REIT") which owns and operates 129
                  manufactured housing communities at December 31, 2002 located
                  in 17 states concentrated principally in the Midwest and
                  Southeast comprising approximately 43,959 developed sites and
                  approximately 7,642 sites suitable for development.

                  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
                  generally accepted accounting principles requires management
                  to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
                  amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
                  assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial
                  statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
                  during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from
                  those estimates.

         b.       PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION: The accompanying financial
                  statements include the accounts of the Company and all
                  majority-owned and controlled subsidiaries including Sun
                  Communities Operating Limited Partnership (the "Operating
                  Partnership") and, effective December 31, 2002, SunChamp LLC
                  ("SunChamp"). The minority interests include Common Operating
                  Partnership Units ("OP Units") which are convertible into an
                  equivalent number of shares of the Company's common stock.
                  Such conversion would have no effect on earnings per share
                  since the allocation of earnings to an OP Unit is equivalent
                  to earnings allocated to a share of common stock. Of the 20.7
                  million OP Units outstanding at December 31, 2002, the Company
                  owns 18.1 million or 87.6 percent. The minority interests are
                  adjusted to their relative ownership interest whenever OP
                  Units or common stock are issued, converted or retired by
                  reclassification to/from paid-in capital.

                  Included in minority interests at December 31, 2002 and 2001
                  are 2 million Series A Perpetual Preferred OP Units ("PPOP
                  Units") issued at $25 per unit in September 1999 bearing an
                  annual coupon rate of 8.875 percent. The PPOP Units may be
                  called by the Company at par on or after September 29, 2004,
                  have no stated maturity or mandatory redemption and are
                  convertible into preferred stock under certain circumstances.

                  An additional $44 million of Preferred OP Units ("POP Units")
                  are included in minority interests at December 31, 2002 with
                  dividends at rates ranging from 6.85 percent to 9.19 percent
                  and maturing between 2003 and 2014. Of these POP Units, $35.8
                  million have a conversion price of at least $68 per unit.

                  During 2002, $10.0 million of POP Units were issued relating
                  to two property acquisitions and are included in minority
                  interests. $4.5 million of the POP Units, issued in relation
                  to a January acquisition, pay dividends at 6.0% and mature on
                  January 2, 2007. The remaining $5.5 million of POP Units pay
                  dividends at 7.625%, mature on December 1, 2007 and relate to
                  a December property acquisition.





                                      F-8
<PAGE>


                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000


1.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED):

         c.       RENTAL PROPERTY: Rental property is recorded at cost, less
                  accumulated depreciation. Management evaluates the
                  recoverability of its investment in rental property whenever
                  events or changes in circumstances such as recent operating
                  results, expected net operating cash flow and plans for future
                  operations indicate that full asset recoverability is
                  questionable.

                  The Company measures the recoverability of its assets in
                  accordance with the Statement of Financial Accounting
                  Standards No. 144 ("SFAS 144"), "Accounting for the
                  Impairment or Disposal of Long Lived Assets." If such assets
                  were deemed to be impaired as a result of this measurement,
                  the impairment that would be recognized is measured by the
                  amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the
                  fair value of the asset as determined on a discounted net
                  cash flow basis. No such impairment existed as of
                  December 31, 2002.

                  Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the
                  estimated useful lives of the assets. Useful lives are 30
                  years for land improvements and buildings and 7 to 15 years
                  for furniture, fixtures and equipment.

                  Expenditures for ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged
                  to operations as incurred and significant renovations and
                  improvements, which improve and/or extend the useful life of
                  the asset, are capitalized and depreciated over their
                  estimated useful lives. Construction costs related to
                  development of new communities or expansion sites, including
                  interest, are capitalized until the property is substantially
                  complete. The Company capitalizes certain costs (including
                  interest and other costs) incurred in connection with the
                  development, redevelopment, capital enhancement and leasing of
                  its properties. Management is required to use professional
                  judgment in determining whether such costs meet the criteria
                  for immediate expense or capitalization. The amounts are
                  dependent on the volume and timing of such activities and the
                  costs associated with such activities.

         d.       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: The Company considers all highly
                  liquid investments with an initial maturity of three months or
                  less to be cash and cash equivalents.

         e.       NOTES AND ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE: The Company evaluates the
                  recoverability of its receivables whenever events occur or
                  there are changes in circumstances such that management
                  believes it is probable that it will be unable to collect all
                  amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan and
                  lease agreements. The collectibility of loans is measured
                  based on the present value of the expected future cash flow
                  discounted at the loan's effective interest rate or the fair
                  value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent.
                  At December 31, 2002 the reserve for uncollectable accounts
                  receivable from residents was $0.15 million.



                                      F-9
<PAGE>


                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000


1.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED):

         f.       INVESTMENTS IN AND ADVANCES TO AFFILIATES: Sun Home Services
                  ("SHS") sells and rents new and used homes in our communities,
                  manages a golf course, and provides activities and other
                  services and facilities for our residents. Through the
                  Operating Partnership, the Company owns one hundred percent
                  (100%) of the outstanding preferred stock of SHS, is entitled
                  to ninety-five percent (95%) of the operating cash flow, and
                  accounts for its investment utilizing the equity method of
                  accounting. The common stock is owned by one officer of the
                  Company and the estate of a former officer of the Company who
                  collectively are entitled to receive five percent (5%) of the
                  operating cash flow.

                  Bingham Financial Services Corporation ("BFSC") was formed by
                  Sun in 1997 in response to demand for financing from
                  purchasers and residents in the Company's communities. As
                  BFSC's business developed, its objectives and opportunities
                  expanded and the Company concluded that its business could be
                  operated and grown more effectively as a separate public
                  entity. BFSC's initial public offering occurred in November
                  1997. The Company has continued to provide financial support
                  to BFSC. In December 2001, the Company, through SHS, made a
                  $15 million equity investment in a newly formed company Origen
                  Financial, L.L.C., that was merged with Origen Financial,
                  Inc., subsidiary of BFSC, as part of the recapitalization of
                  BFSC. As a result of this equity investment, the Company owns
                  approximately a thirty percent (30%) interest in the surviving
                  company ("Origen"), which company holds all of the operating
                  assets of BFSC and its subsidiaries. The Company wrote-off its
                  remaining investment in Origen of $13.6 million in the fourth
                  quarter of 2002 after an extensive analysis of the investment.

                  Through Sun Home Services, the Company and two other
                  participants (one unaffiliated and one affiliated with Gary A.
                  Shiffman, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and President)
                  continue to provide financing to Origen and are subject to the
                  risks of being a lender. These risks include the risks
                  relating to borrower delinquency and default and the adequacy
                  of the collateral for such loans. This financing consists of a
                  $48 million line of credit and a $10 million term loan of
                  which the Company's commitment is $35.5 million ($33.6 million
                  was outstanding as of December 31, 2002). The line bears
                  interest at a per annum rate equal to 700 basis points over
                  LIBOR, with a minimum interest rate of 11 percent and a
                  maximum interest rate of 15 percent. Of the Company's $35.5
                  million participation, $18 million is subordinate in all
                  respects to the first $40.0 million funded under the facility
                  by the three participants . This line of credit is
                  collateralized by a security interest in Origen's assets,
                  which is subordinate in all respects to all institutional
                  indebtedness of Origen, and a guaranty and pledge of assets by
                  BFSC.



                                      F-10
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000



1.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED):

         f.       INVESTMENTS IN AND ADVANCES TO AFFILIATES (CONTINUED):

                  Summarized combined financial information of the Company's
                  equity investments as of December 31, 2002, SHS and Origen,
                  are presented below before elimination of intercompany
                  transactions. SunChamp, which is consolidated in the Company's
                  financial statements as of December 31, 2002, is not included
                  in the table.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              2002                      2001
                                                                           ---------                  ---------
<S>                                                                        <C>                        <C>
         Loans receivable, net ......................................      $ 173,764                  $ 127,412
         Due from Origen ............................................         33,560                         --
         SHS other assets ...........................................         41,638                     36,281
         Origen other assets ........................................         53,984                     49,813
                                                                           ---------                  ---------
                Total assets ........................................      $ 302,946                  $ 213,506
                                                                           =========                  =========
         Advances under
             repurchase agreements ..................................      $ 141,085                  $ 105,564
         Due to SHS .................................................         33,560                         --
         Due to Sun Communities .....................................         67,719                     39,660
         SHS other liabilities ......................................         25,804                      8,748
         Origen other liabilities ...................................         42,799                     20,634
                                                                           ---------                  ---------
                Total liabilities ...................................        310,967                    174,606
                                                                           ---------                  ---------
         Equity (deficit) ...........................................         (8,021)                    38,900
                                                                           ---------                  ---------
                Total liabilities and equity ........................      $ 302,946                  $ 213,506
                                                                           =========                  =========

         Revenues ...................................................      $  27,572                  $  29,274(1)
         Expenses ...................................................         74,143                     29,675(1)
                                                                           ---------                  ---------
         Net loss ...................................................      $ (46,571)                 $    (401)
                                                                           =========                  =========
         Sun's equity income (loss) .................................      $ (15,925)                 $     131
                                                                           =========                  =========
</TABLE>

                  (1) Includes Origen's financial data for the period from
                  December 19, 2001 to December 31, 2001.

                  SHS currently has significant deferred tax assets, which are
                  subject to periodic recoverability assessments. Realization of
                  these deferred tax assets is principally dependent upon SHS's
                  achievement of projected future taxable income. Judgments
                  regarding future profitability may change due to future market
                  conditions, SHS's ability to continue to successfully execute
                  its business plan and other factors. These changes, if any,
                  may require possible material adjustments to these deferred
                  tax asset balances. At December 31, 2002, Sun Home Services
                  has deferred tax assets of $2.4 million, net of a valuation
                  allowance of $5.1 million.

         g.       REVENUE RECOGNITION: Rental income attributable to leases is
                  recorded on a straight-line basis when earned from tenants.
                  Leases entered into by tenants generally range from
                  month-to-month to one year and are renewable by mutual
                  agreement of the Company and resident or, in some cases, as
                  provided by state statute.


                                      F-11
<PAGE>



                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000


1.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED):


         h.       OTHER CAPITALIZED COSTS: Certain expenditures to dealers and
                  residents related to obtaining lessees in our communities are
                  capitalized and amortized over a seven year period; shorter
                  than average resident's occupancy and the average term that
                  the home is in the community. Costs associated with
                  implementing the Company's new computer systems are
                  capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful lives of
                  the related software and hardware.

         i.       FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS: The carrying values of
                  cash and cash equivalents, escrows, receivables, accounts
                  payable, accrued expenses and other assets and liabilities are
                  reasonable estimates of their fair values because of the
                  shorter maturities of these instruments. The fair value of the
                  Company's long-term indebtedness, which is based on the
                  estimates of management and on rates currently quoted and
                  rates currently prevailing for comparable loans and
                  instruments of comparable maturities, exceeds the aggregate
                  carrying value by approximately $86.1 million at December 31,
                  2002.

         j.       DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES: The Company has
                  entered into three derivative contracts. The Company's primary
                  strategy in entering into derivative contracts is to minimize
                  the variability that changes in interest rates could have on
                  its future cash flows. The Company generally employs
                  derivative instruments that effectively convert a portion of
                  its variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. The Company does
                  not enter into derivative instruments for speculative
                  purposes.

                  The Company has entered into three interest rate swap
                  agreements for an aggregate notional amount of $75 million.
                  The agreements are effective April 2003, and have the effect
                  of fixing interest rates relative to a collateralized term
                  loan due to FNMA. One swap matures in July 2009, with an
                  effective fixed rate of 4.93%. A second swap matures in July
                  2012, with an effective fixed rate of 5.37%. The third swap
                  matures in July 2007, with an effective fixed rate of 3.97%.
                  The third swap is effective as long as LIBOR is 7% or lower.

                  The Company has designated the first two swaps as cash flow
                  hedges for accounting purposes. These two hedges were highly
                  effective and had minimal effect on income. The third swap
                  does not qualify as a hedge for accounting purposes and,
                  accordingly, the entire change in valuation of $0.45 million
                  is reflected as a component of interest expense in the
                  statements of income.

                  In accordance with SFAS No. 133, the "Accounting for
                  Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," which requires
                  all derivative instruments to be carried at fair value on the
                  balance sheet, the Company has recorded all three interest
                  rate swaps totaling a liability of $2.3 million as of December
                  31, 2002.

                  These valuation adjustments will only be realized if the
                  Company terminates the swaps prior to maturity. This is not
                  the intent of the Company and, therefore, the net of valuation
                  adjustments through the various maturity dates will
                  approximate zero.




                                      F-12
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000



1.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED):

      k.       STOCK OPTIONS: The Company accounts for its stock options
               using the intrinsic value method contained in APB Opinion No.
               25. "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees." If the Company
               had accounted for awards using the methods contained in FASB
               Statement No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation",
               net income and earnings per share would have been presented as
               follows for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   2002             2001              2000
                                                                                ------------     ------------      ------------
<S>                                                                             <C>              <C>                <C>
      Net income, as reported...................................................$     13,592     $     33,910       $    33,294
      Additional compensation expense under fair value method...................        (478)            (321)             (199)
                                                                                ------------     ------------      ------------
      Pro forma net income......................................................$     13,114     $     33,589      $     33,095
                                                                                ============     ============      ============

      EPS (Basic), as reported..................................................$       0.77     $       1.96      $       1.92
                                                                                ============     ============      ============
      EPS (Basis), pro forma....................................................$       0.75     $       1.95      $       1.91
                                                                                ============     ============      ============

      EPS (Diluted), as reported................................................$       0.76     $       1.94      $       1.91
                                                                                ============     ============      ============
      EPS (Diluted), pro forma..................................................$       0.74     $       1.93      $       1.90
                                                                                ============     ============      ============
</TABLE>

      l.       RECLASSIFICATIONS: Certain 2001 and 2000 amounts have been
               reclassified to conform with the 2002 financial statement
               presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on results
               of operations as originally presented.

2.    RENTAL PROPERTY (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              AT  DECEMBER 31
                                                                                              ---------------
                                                                                       2002                      2001
                                                                                    -----------             -----------
      <S>                                                                            <C>                     <C>
      Land .....................................................................     $   101,926             $    83,954
      Land improvements and buildings ..........................................         999,540                 831,963
      Furniture, fixtures, and equipment .......................................          26,277                  21,432
      Land held for future development .........................................          34,573                  16,810
      Property under development ...............................................          12,521                  15,777
                                                                                     -----------             -----------
                                                                                       1,174,837                 969,936
           Less accumulated depreciation .......................................        (175,477)               (140,762)
                                                                                     -----------             -----------
                                                                                     $   999,360             $   829,174
                                                                                     ===========             ===========
</TABLE>

      Land improvements and buildings consist primarily of infrastructure,
      roads, landscaping, clubhouses, maintenance buildings and amenities.
      Included in rental property at December 31, 2002 and 2001 are net
      carrying amounts related to capitalized leases of $17.9 million and
      $28.6 million, respectively.

      During 2002, the Company acquired one stabilized community, comprising 552
      developed sites, for $21.3 million and three development communities,
      comprising 930 developed sites and 538 sites available for development,
      for $48.6 million consisting of cash of approximately $23.1 million, POP
      Units of approximately $4.5 million and assumption of debt of
      approximately $21.0 million. During 2001, the Company acquired five
      communities comprising 2,332 developed sites for $55.8 million and two
      development communities comprising 1,273 sites, for $4.3 million.



                                      F-13
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000

2.       RENTAL PROPERTY (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) (CONTINUED):

         In December 2002, the Company purchased the ownership interest of
         Champion Enterprises in SunChamp LLC, a joint venture to develop eleven
         new communities in Texas, North Carolina, Ohio and Indiana, for
         approximately $6.2 million, payable pursuant to a 7-year promissory
         note (a) bearing interest at 3.46% per annum, (b) requiring no
         principal or interest payments until maturity (other than a one-time
         prepayment of interest in the amount of approximately $270,000 at
         closing), and (c) providing that all payment obligations are
         subordinate in all respects to the return of the members' equity
         (including the gross book value of the acquired equity) plus a
         preferred return. As a result of this acquisition, the Company owns
         approximately 59% of SunChamp. SunChamp is consolidated on the
         Company's balance sheet as of December 31, 2002; previously SunChamp
         was accounted for using the equity method. In addition, in September
         2002, the Company acquired the senior lender's entire right, title and
         interest in and to SunChamp's construction loan for a purchase price
         equal to 89% of the outstanding indebtedness thereof, which constitutes
         a discount of approximately $5.8 million.

         These transactions have been accounted for as purchases, and the
         statements of income include the operations of the acquired communities
         from the dates of their respective acquisitions. As of December 31,
         2002, in conjunction with a 1993 acquisition, the Company is obligated
         to issue $7.4 million of OP Units through 2009 based on the per share
         market value of the Company's stock on the issuance date. This
         obligation was accounted for as part of the purchase price of the
         original acquisition.

         In February 2002, the Company sold a manufactured home community in
         Florida consisting of 227 sites of which 131 were occupied, for cash of
         approximately $3.3 million, resulting in a gain of $0.4 million on the
         sale. The gain has been included in discontinued operations and all
         periods presented have been revised to reflect discontinued operations.
         The adoption of this requirement did not have an impact on net income
         available to common shareholders.

3.       NOTES AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                AT DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                         ---------------------------
                                                                                             2002            2001
                                                                                         -----------     -----------
<S>                                                                                      <C>             <C>
           Mortgage and other notes receivable, primarily with minimum monthly
                 interest payments at LIBOR based floating rates of approximately
                 LIBOR + 2.0%, maturing at various dates from July 2003 through
                 August 2008, substantially
                 collateralized by manufactured home communities                           $38,420          $48,310

           Installment loans collateralized by manufactured homes with
                 interest payable monthly at an effective weighted average
                 interest rate and maturity of 8.2% and 20 years, respectively              11,633           13,475

           Other receivables                                                                 6,276           13,747
                                                                                           -------          -------
                                                                                           $56,329          $75,532
                                                                                           =======          =======
</TABLE>

         At December 31, 2002, the maturities of mortgage notes and other
         receivables are approximately as follows: 2003 - $1.5 million; 2004 -
         $18.4 million; 2006 and after - $18.5 million.

         Officers' notes, presented as a reduction to stockholders' equity in
         the balance sheet, are 13 to 15 year, LIBOR + 1.75% notes, with a
         minimum and maximum interest rate of 6% and 9%, respectively,
         collateralized by 362,206 shares of the Company's common stock and
         127,794 OP Units with substantial personal recourse. Interest income of
         $0.7 million, $0.9 million and $0.9 million has been recognized in
         2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Reductions in the principal balance
         of Officer's notes were $0.3 million, $0.3 million and $0.2 million for
         the years 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000


4.       DEBT AND LINE OF CREDIT(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS):
         The following table sets forth certain information regarding debt (in
         thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     At December 31,
                                                                             ---------------------------------
                                                                                   2002             2001
                                                                             ---------------    --------------
<S>                                                                         <C>                 <C>
        Bridge loan, at variable interest rate (2.617% at
              December 31, 2002), due April 30, 2003                        $         48,000    $           --
        Senior notes, interest at 7.625%, due May 1, 2003                             85,000            85,000
        Callable/redeemable notes, interest at 6.77%, due
           May 14, 2015, callable/redeemable May 16, 2005                             65,000            65,000
        Senior notes, interest at 6.97%, due December 3, 2007                         35,000            35,000
        Senior notes, interest at 8.20%, due August 15, 2008                         100,000           100,000
        Collateralized term loan, due to FNMA, at variable
          interest rate (2.17% at December 31, 2002) due
          May 2007, convertible to a 5 to 10 year fixed rate loan                   152,363                 --
        Collateralized term loan, interest at 7.01%,
           due September 9, 2007                                                      42,206             42,820
        Capitalized lease obligations, interest at 6.1%, due
           through January 2004                                                       16,438            26,045
        Mortgage notes, other                                                         60,366            48,333
                                                                             ---------------    --------------
                                                                             $       604,373    $      402,198
                                                                             ===============    ==============
</TABLE>

         The collateralized term loans totaling $194,569 are secured by 22
         properties comprising approximately 11,000 sites. The capitalized lease
         obligations and mortgage notes are collateralized by 15 communities
         comprising approximately 4,300 sites. At the lease expiration date of
         the capitalized leases the Company has the right and intends to
         purchase the properties for the amount of the then outstanding lease
         obligation. One of the capitalized lease obligations matured on January
         1, 2003 and was paid by the issuance of 41,700 Preferred OP Units, cash
         of approximately $860,000 and the assumption of approximately
         $1,570,000 of debt, which was immediately retired.

         The initial term of the variable rate FNMA debt is five years. The
         Company has the option to extend such variable rate borrowings for an
         additional five years and/or convert them to fixed rate borrowings with
         a term of five or ten years, provided that in no event can the term of
         the borrowings exceed fifteen years.

         There are various covenants included in the senior notes and line of
         credit including limitations on the amount of debt which may be
         incurred, the amount of secured debt, and various financial ratios. At
         December 31, 2002, the Company can incur approximately $25.0 million of
         additional aggregate debt, and of the Company's total debt, $460
         million may be secured debt.

         At December 31, 2002, the maturities of debt, excluding the line of
         credit, during the next five years are approximately as follows: 2003
         -- $141.5 million; 2004 - $33.7 million; 2005 -- $66.4 million: 2006 -
         $12.3 million; 2007 - $76.6 million.




                                      F-15
<PAGE>


                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000


4.       DEBT AND LINE OF CREDIT (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)(CONTINUED):


         In July 2002, the Company refinanced its line of credit at $85 million.
         The Company had $22 million of this facility available to borrow at
         December 31, 2002. Subsequent to year-end, the Company increased this
         line of credit to $105 million. Borrowings under the line of credit
         bear interest at the rate of LIBOR plus 0.85% and mature July 2, 2005
         with a one-year extension at the Company's option. The average interest
         rate of outstanding borrowings under the line of credit at December 31,
         2002 was 2.27%.

         The Company has a bridge loan of $48 million and senior notes of $85
         million due on April 30 and May 1, 2003, respectively. It is the
         Company's expectation that these obligations will be retired utilizing
         the proceeds from the issuance of additional debt.

         The Company is the guarantor of $22.7 million in personal bank loans
         maturing in 2004, made to directors, employees and consultants to
         purchase Company common stock and OP units pursuant to the Company's
         Stock Purchase Plan. No compensation expense was recognized in respect
         to the guarantees as the fair value thereof was not material nor have
         there been any defaults.

5.       STOCK OPTIONS:

         Data pertaining to stock option plans are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           2002                  2001                 2000
                                                                       ------------         ------------          ------------
<S>                                                                  <C>                   <C>                    <C>
     Options outstanding, January 1...............................       1,090,794             1,109,250              1,121,000
     Options granted..............................................           7,500               137,900                 17,500
     Option price..............................................             $34.92         $27.03-$32.81                 $35.37
     Options exercised............................................          97,665                59,773                 16,667
     Option price...............................................     $20.13-$35.39         $22.75-$33.75          $28.64-$30.03
     Options forfeited............................................          24,862                96,583                 12,583
     Option price...............................................     $27.03-$32.75         $27.03-$33.82          $30.03-$33.75
     Options outstanding, December 31.............................         975,767(a)          1,090,794              1,109,250
     Option price.................................................      $20-$35.39            $20-$35.39             $20-$35.39
     Options exercisable, December 31.............................         834,249(a)            823,227                827,329
</TABLE>

         (a)   There are 324,854 and 284,359 options outstanding and
               exercisable, respectively, with exercise prices ranging from
               $20.00 - $27.99 with a weighted average life of 3.7 years related
               to the outstanding options. The weighted average exercise price
               for these outstanding and exercisable options is $24.02 and
               $23.59, respectively. There are 650,913 and 549,890 options
               outstanding and exercisable, respectively, with exercise prices
               ranging from $28.00 - $35.39 with a weighted average life of 5.4
               years related to the outstanding options. The weighted average
               exercise price for these outstanding and exercisable options is
               $30.73 and $30.34, respectively.

         At December 31, 2002, 150,519 shares of common stock were available for
         the granting of options. Stock option plans originally provided for the
         grant of up to 2,117,000 options. Options are granted at fair value of
         the common stock and generally vest over a two-year period and may be
         exercised for 10 years after date of grant. In addition, the Company
         established a Long-Term Incentive Plan in 1997 for certain employees
         granting 167,918 options (of which 117,379 remain outstanding), which
         become exercisable in equal installments in 2002-2004.


                                      F-16
<PAGE>


                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000

5.       STOCK OPTIONS (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)(CONTINUED):

         The Company has opted to measure compensation cost utilizing the
         intrinsic value method. The fair value of each option grant was
         estimated as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
         option-pricing model with the following assumptions for options
         granted:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                2002         2001       2000
                                                                                                ----         ----       ----
<S>                                                                                     <C>            <C>          <C>
         Estimated fair value per share of options granted during year.................   $    4.42(1)   $    6.19    $   2.43

         Assumptions:
         Annualized dividend yield ....................................................         5.9%(1)        5.9%       7.1%

         Common stock price volatility.................................................        16.4%(1)       16.4%      15.3%
         Risk-free rate of return .....................................................         5.3%(1)        5.3%       6.4%
         Expected option term (in years) ..............................................         7              4          6
</TABLE>

         (1)  2002 based on valuation as of April 2001, due to insignificant
              option issuance in 2002.


6.       STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:

         In April 1998, the Company declared a dividend of one Preferred Stock
         Purchase Right ("Right") for each outstanding share of common stock.
         The Rights are not presently exercisable. Each Right entitles the
         holder, upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including a
         material change in the ownership of the Company, to purchase preferred
         stock and common stock, from the Company and/or from another person
         into which the Company is merged or which acquires control of the
         Company.

         The Rights may be generally redeemed by the Company at a price of $0.01
         per Right or $0.2 million in total. The Rights expire on June 8, 2008.

         In July 2002, and in March 2001, the Company issued restricted stock
         awards of 70,000 at $39.53 per share, and 99,422 at $33.00 per share,
         respectively, to officers and certain employees which are being
         amortized over their five to ten year vesting period. Compensation cost
         recognized in income for all restricted stock awards was $1.1 million,
         $0.9 million and $0.7 million in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

7.       OTHER INCOME (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS):

         The components of other income are as follows for the years ended
         December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                2002              2001              2000
                                                             ----------         ---------        ----------
<S>                                                          <C>                <C>              <C>
         Interest income                                     $    8,380         $  10,706        $    9,385
         Other income                                             2,304             3,695             4,113
                                                             ----------         ---------        ----------
                                                             $   10,684         $  14,401        $   13,498
                                                             ==========         =========        ==========
</TABLE>



                                      F-17
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000



8.       INCOME TAXES (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS):

         The Company has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust
         ("REIT") as defined under Section 856(c) of the Internal Revenue Code
         of 1986, as amended. In order for the Company to qualify as a REIT, at
         least ninety-five percent (95%) of the Company's gross income in any
         year must be derived from qualifying sources. In addition, a REIT must
         distribute at least ninety percent (90%) of its REIT ordinary taxable
         income to its stockholders.

         Qualification as a REIT involves the satisfaction of numerous
         requirements (some on an annual and quarterly basis) established under
         highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only
         limited judicial or administrative interpretations, and involves the
         determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely
         within the Company's control. In addition, frequent changes occur in
         the area of REIT taxation, which require the Company continually to
         monitor its tax status. In one recent change, Congress modified the
         asset test applicable to REITs and the Code now provides that for
         taxable years beginning after December 31, 2000, REITs may own more
         than ten percent of the voting power and value of securities of a
         taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS"). A corporation is treated as a TRS if a
         REIT owns stock in the corporation and the REIT and the corporation
         jointly elect such treatment. Effective July 1, 2001, the Company filed
         a TRS election for SHS. During the period from January 1, 2001 through
         June 30, 2001, the Company believes that SHS met certain grandfather
         rules permitting REITs indirectly to own more than ten percent of the
         value of a corporation, without violating any REIT asset tests.
         Nevertheless, there is no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service
         would not determine that SHS failed to meet one or more of the highly
         technical grandfather rules during this period.

         The Company has received a legal opinion to the effect that, based on
         various assumptions and qualifications set forth in the opinion, Sun
         Communities, Inc. has been organized and has operated in conformity
         with the requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Code for
         its taxable years ended December 31, 1994 through December 31, 2002.
         There is no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service would not
         decide differently from the views expressed in counsel's opinion and
         such opinion represents only the best judgment of counsel and is not
         binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts.

         As a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to U.S. Federal
         income taxes at the corporate level on the ordinary taxable income it
         distributes to its stockholders as dividends. If the Company fails to
         qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, its taxable income will be
         subject to U.S. Federal income tax at regular corporate rates
         (including any applicable alternative minimum tax). Even if the Company
         qualifies as a REIT, it may be subject to certain state and local
         income taxes and to U.S. Federal income and excise taxes on its
         undistributed income.



                                      F-18
<PAGE>
                             SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000



8.  INCOME TAXES (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) (CONTINUED):

    Dividend payout on taxable income available to common stockholders for the
    years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        2002       2001        2000
                                                      --------   --------    --------
<S>                                                   <C>        <C>         <C>
    Taxable income available to
        common stockholders                           $  6,046   $ 13,149    $ 14,683
    Less tax gain on disposition of properties              --       (175)        (13)
                                                      --------   --------    --------
    Taxable operating income available to
        common stockholders                           $  6,046   $ 12,974    $ 14,670
                                                      ========   ========    ========

    Total distributions paid to common stockholders   $ 41,427   $ 38,161    $ 36,717
                                                      ========   ========    ========
</TABLE>


    For income tax purposes, distributions paid to common stockholders consist
    of ordinary income, capital gains, and return of capital. For the years
    ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, distributions paid per share were
    taxable as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     2002                      2001                         2000
                              ------------------       ----------------------        ------------------
                              AMOUNT  PERCENTAGE       AMOUNT      PERCENTAGE        AMOUNT  PERCENTAGE

<S>                           <C>     <C>              <C>         <C>               <C>     <C>
    Ordinary income           $ 1.54       67.1%       $ 1.38            63.1%       $ 1.30       62.0%
    Return of capital            .75       32.9           .80            36.9          0.80       38.0
                              ------      -----        ------           -----        ------      -----
                              $ 2.29      100.0%       $ 2.18           100.0%       $ 2.10      100.0%
                              ======      =====        ======           =====        ======      =====
</TABLE>


9.  EARNINGS PER SHARE (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           2002       2001        2000
                                                         --------   --------    --------
<S>                                                      <C>        <C>         <C>
    Earnings used for basic and diluted earnings per
        share computation                                $ 13,592   $ 33,910     $ 33,29
                                                         ========   ========     =======

    Total shares used for basic earnings per share         17,595     17,258      17,304
    Dilutive securities:
        Stock options and other                               186        182          86
                                                         --------   --------     -------
    Total weighted average shares used for diluted
        earnings per share computation                     17,781     17,440      17,390
                                                         ========   ========     =======
</TABLE>


    Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that would occur
    if dilutive securities were exercised or converted into common stock.
    Included in basic and diluted earnings per share from continuing
    operations, in the Consolidated Statements of Income, is $0.25 and $0.28
    related to gains from property dispositions in 2001 and 2000, respectively.



                                      F-19
<PAGE>
                             SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000



10. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED):

    The following unaudited quarterly amounts are in thousands, except for per
share amounts:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      FIRST         SECOND          THIRD        FOURTH
                                                                     QUARTER       QUARTER         QUARTER      QUARTER
                                                                    MARCH 31       JUNE 30        SEPT. 30      DEC. 31
                                                                    --------       -------        --------      -------
<S>                                                                 <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>
    2002
    Total revenues..................................................$ 40,905       $ 40,021       $ 40,843      $ 40,527
    Total expenses..................................................$ 29,754       $ 29,079       $ 30,787      $ 32,931
    Net income (loss)(b)............................................$  8,114       $  7,002       $  5,802      $ (7,326)
    Weighted average common shares outstanding......................  17,322         17,544         17,739        17,777
    Earnings (loss) per common share-basic..........................$   0.47       $   0.40       $   0.33      $  (0.41)
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      FIRST         SECOND           THIRD       FOURTH
                                                                     QUARTER       QUARTER         QUARTER      QUARTER
                                                                    MARCH 31       JUNE 30        SEPT. 30      DEC. 31
                                                                    --------       -------        --------      -------
<S>                                                                 <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>
    2001
    Total revenues..................................................$ 38,844       $ 38,090       $ 37,792      $ 38,362
    Total revenues as previously reported (c).......................$ 39,091       $ 38,148       $ 38,309      $ 38,006
    Total expenses..................................................$ 27,721       $ 27,164       $ 27,059      $ 28,229
    Total expenses as previously reported (c).......................$ 27,827       $ 27,263       $ 27,160      $ 28,333
    Net income (a)..................................................$ 11,104       $  8,320       $  7,877      $  6,609
    Weighted average common shares outstanding......................  17,365         17,203         17,210        17,256
    Earnings per common share-basic.................................$   0.64       $   0.48       $   0.46      $   0.38
</TABLE>


      (a) Net income includes net gains on the disposition of properties of
          $3,517 in the first quarter of 2001 and $758 in the second quarter of
          2001.

      (b) Included in net income for the fourth quarter of 2002 is the write-off
          of $13.6 million pertaining to the Company's investment in Origen.

      (c) Revenues and expenses have been restated to conform with SFAS 144
          which requires operations of properties sold or held for sale to be
          reclassified as discontinued operations.



                                      F-20
<PAGE>
                             SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000



11.  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS:

          In January 2003, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB")
          issued FASB Interpretation No. 46 ("FIN No. 46"), "Consolidation of
          Variable Interest Entities." The objective of this interpretation is
          to provide guidance on how to identify a variable interest entity
          ("VIE") and determine when the assets, liabilities, non-controlling
          interests and results of operations of a VIE need to be included in a
          company's consolidated financial statements. A company that holds
          variable interests in an entity will need to consolidate the entity if
          the company's interest in the VIE is such that the company will absorb
          a majority of the VIE's expected losses and/or receive a majority of
          the VIE's expected residual returns, if they occur. FIN No. 46 also
          requires additional disclosures by primary beneficiaries and other
          significant variable interest holders. The provisions of this
          interpretation became effective upon issuance with respect to VIEs
          created after January 31, 2003 and to VIEs in which a company obtains
          an interest after that date. The provisions of this interpretation
          apply in the first interim period beginning after June 15, 2003 (i.e.,
          third quarter of 2003) to VIEs in which a company holds a variable
          interest that it acquired before February 1, 2003. The Company is in
          the process of assessing whether it has an interest in any VIEs which
          may require consolidation in the third quarter of 2003 pursuant to FIN
          No. 46. Summarized financial information for entities which may be
          identified as VIEs is included in Note 1f of notes to the financial
          statements.

          In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS 148, "Accounting for
          Stock-Based Compensation-Transition and Disclosure," which provides
          guidance on how to transition from the intrinsic value method of
          accounting for stock-based employee compensation under APB 25 to SFAS
          123's fair value method of accounting, if a company so elects. The
          adoption of this standard did not have a significant impact on the
          financial position or results of operations of the Company.

          In November 2002, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 45 (FIN 45),
          "Guarantor's Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees,
          Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others." FIN 45
          clarifies disclosures that are required to be made certain guarantees
          and establishes a requirement to record a liability at fair value for
          certain guarantees at the time of the guarantee's issuance. The
          disclosure requirements of FIN No. 45 have been applied in these
          financial statements. The requirement to record a liability applies to
          guarantees issues or modified after December 31, 2002. The Company
          does not expect the requirements of FIN 45 to have a significant
          impact on the financial position or results of operations of the
          Company.

          In July 2002, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
          Standards ("SFAS") No. 146, "Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit
          or Disposal Activities." The statement requires companies to recognize
          costs associated with exit or disposal activities when they are
          incurred rather than at the date of a commitment to an exit or
          disposal plan. Examples of costs covered by the statement include
          lease termination costs and certain employee severance costs that are
          associated with a restructuring, discontinued operation, plant closing
          or other exit or disposal activity. The statement is to be applied
          prospectively to exit or disposal activities initiated after December
          31, 2002. The adoption of this statement is not expected to have a
          significant impact on the financial position or results of operations
          of the Company.


                                      F-21
<PAGE>
                             SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000



11.   RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (CONTINUED):

      In May 2002, the FASB issued SFAS 145, "Rescission of SFAS Nos. 4, 44
      and 64, Amendment of SFAS 13, and Technical Corrections as of April
      2002." The provisions of this statement related to the rescission of
      Statement 4 shall be applied in fiscal years beginning after May 15,
      2002. The provisions related to Statement 13 shall be effective for
      transactions occurring after May 15, 2002, with early application
      encouraged. All provisions of this Statement shall be effective for
      financial statements issued on or after May 15, 2002, with early
      application encouraged. Adoption of this statement did not have a
      significant impact on the financial position or results of operations
      of the Company.

      In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the
      Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets." This Statement supersedes
      SFAS No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and
      for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of," and the accounting and
      reporting provisions of APB Opinion No. 30, "Reporting the Results of
      Operations -- Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a
      Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring Events
      and Transactions," for the disposal of a segment of a business (as
      previously defined in that Opinion). The provisions of this SFAS 144
      are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
      beginning after December 15, 2001, and interim periods within those
      fiscal years, with early application encouraged. The provisions of this
      standard are generally to be applied prospectively. During the first
      quarter of 2002, the Company sold Kings Pointe Mobile Home Park,
      located in Winter Haven, Florida, for approximately $3.4 million. In
      accordance with SFAS 144, the Company's consolidated statements of
      income and consolidated statements of cash flow have been revised from
      those originally reported for the years ended December 31, 2001 and
      2000 to separately reflect the results of discontinued operations for
      this property. These results were previously included in income from
      operations. These revisions had no impact on the Company's consolidated
      balance sheets or statements of stockholders' equity and these
      revisions had no impact on net income or net income per share of common
      stock for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.

      In June 2001, the FASB approved SFAS No. 141, "Business Combinations
      and SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." SFAS 141
      requires, among other things, that the purchase method of accounting
      for business combinations be used for all business combinations
      initiated after September 30, 2001. SFAS 142 addresses the accounting
      for goodwill and other intangible assets subsequent to their
      acquisition. SFAS 142 requires, among other things, that goodwill and
      other indefinite-lived intangible assets no longer be amortized and
      that such assets be tested for impairment at least annually. The
      adoption of these standards did not have a significant impact on the
      financial position or results of operations of the Company.

12.   CONTINGENCIES:

      On March 21, 2003, the Company received an unfiled complaint by T.J.
      Holdings, LLC ("TJ Holdings"), a member of Sun/Forest, LLC ("Sun/Forest")
      (which, in turn, owns an equity interest in SunChamp LLC), against the
      Company, SunChamp LLC, certain other affiliates of the Company and two
      directors of Sun Communities, Inc. The unfiled complaint alleges that the
      defendants wrongfully deprived the plaintiff of economic opportunities
      that they took for themselves in contravention of duties allegedly owed to
      the plaintiff and purports to claim damages of $13.0 million plus an
      unspecified amount for punitive damages. The Company believes the unfiled
      complaint and the claims threatened therein have no merit and, if this
      complaint is ultimately filed, the Company will defend it vigorously.

      The Company is involved in various other legal proceedings arising in the
      ordinary course of business. All such proceedings, taken together, are not
      expected to have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or
      financial condition.

                                      F-22
<PAGE>
                                                                   SCHEDULE III

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
DECEMBER 31, 2002
(AMOUNT IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                 COST CAPITALIZED
                                                                                                                   SUBSEQUENT TO
                                                                                                                   ACQUISITION
                                                                                 INITIAL COST TO COMPANY           IMPROVEMENTS
                                                                              ----------------------------    --------------------
PROPERTY NAME                  LOCATION                  ENCUMBRANCE            LAND              B & F         LAND        B & F
- -----------------------       -----------------       -----------------       ---------         ----------    --------    --------
<S>                           <C>                     <C>     <C>   <C>       <C>               <C>          <C>          <C>
Academy/Westpoint             Canton, MI               A                      $  1,485          $ 14,278     $    --      $     27
Allendale                     Allendale, MI            A                           366             3,684          --         3,675
Alpine                        Grand Rapids, MI                 --                  729             6,692          --         3,628
Apple Creek                   Amelia, OH               C                           543             5,480          --            20
Arbor Terrace                 Brandenton, FL                   --                  481             4,410          --           325
Ariana Village                Lakeland, FL             A                           240             2,195          --           506
Autumn Ridge                  Ankeny, IO                       --                  890             8,054          --           834
Bedford Hills                 Battle Creek, MI         B                         1,265            11,562          --           451
Bell Crossing                 Clarksville, TN                  --                  717             1,916          --         3,617
Bonita Lake                   Bonita Springs, FL               --                  285             2,641          --           223
Boulder Ridge                 Pflugerville, TX                 --                1,000               500       3,324        16,117
Branch Creek                  Austin, TX               A                           796             3,716          --         5,108
Brentwood                     Kentwood, MI                     --                  385             3,592          --           260
Byrne Hill Village            Toledo, OH                       --                  383             3,903          --           264
Brookside Village             Goshen, IN               A                           260             1,080         386         7,386
Buttonwood Bay                Sebring, IN                      --                1,952            18,294          --         1,465
Byron Center                  Byron Center, MI                 --                  253             2,402          --           142
Country Acres                 Cadillac, MI                     --                  380             3,495          --           242
Candlewick Court              Owosso, MI                       --                  125             1,900         132         1,097
Carrington Pointe             Ft. Wayne, IN                    --                1,076             3,632          --         4,231
Casa Del Valle                Alamo, TX                        --                  246             2,316          --           434
Catalina                      Middletown, OH                   --                  653             5,858          --         1,110
Candlelight Village           Chicago Heights, IL              --                  600             5,623          --           651
Chisholm Point                Pflugerville, TX         A                           609             5,286          --         2,626
Clearwater Village            South Bend, IN                   --                   80             1,270          61         1,906
Country Meadows               Flat Rock, MI            A                           924             7,583         296         9,540
Continental North             Davison, MI                      --   (1)                                           --         3,555
Cobus Green                   Elkhart, IN                      --                  762             7,037          --           635
College Park Estates          Canton, MI                       --                   75               800         174         4,728
Continental Estates           Davison, MI                      --                1,625            16,581         150         1,570
Countryside Village           Perry, MI                B                           275             3,920         185         2,091
Creekwood Meadows             Burton, MI                       --                  808             2,043         404         6,556
Cutler Estates                Grand Rapids, MI         B                           749             6,941          --           336
Davison East                  Davison, MI                           (1)                                           --            --
Deerfield Run                 Anderson, MI                    1,700                990             1,607          --         3,228

<CAPTION>
                                     GROSS AMOUNT CARRIED
                                     AT DECEMBER 31, 2002                                                    DATE OF
                                 ---------------------------                             ACCUMULATED     CONSTRUCTION (C)
PROPERTY NAME                      LAND               B & F               TOTAL         DEPRECIATION     ACQUISITION (A)
- --------------------------       --------           --------           ----------      -------------    ----------------
<S>                              <C>                <C>                <C>             <C>              <C>
Academy/Westpoint                $  1,485           $ 14,305           $   15,790      $    1,205           2000(A)
Allendale                             366              7,359                7,725           1,408           1996(A)
Alpine                                729             10,320               11,049           1,904           1996(A)
Apple Creek                           543              5,500                6,043             623           1999(A)
Arbor Terrace                         481              4,735                5,216           1,044           1996(A)
Ariana Village                        240              2,701                2,941             745           1994(A)
Autumn Ridge                          890              8,888                9,778           1,856           1996(A)
Bedford Hills                       1,265             12,013               13,278           2,643           1996(A)
Bell Crossing                         717              5,533                6,250             428           1999(A)
Bonita Lake                           285              2,864                3,149             624           1996(A)
Boulder Ridge                       4,324             16,617               20,941           1,603           1998(C)
Branch Creek                          796              8,824                9,620           1,707           1995(A)
Brentwood                             385              3,852                4,237             867           1996(A)
Byrne Hill Village                    383              4,167                4,550             498           1999(A)
Brookside Village                     646              8,466                9,112           1,829           1985(A)
Buttonwood Bay                      1,952             19,759               21,711             931           2001(A)
Byron Center                          253              2,544                2,797             569           1996(A)
Country Acres                         380              3,737                4,117             813           1996(A)
Candlewick Court                      257              2,997                3,254             884           1985(A)
Carrington Pointe                   1,076              7,863                8,939           1,154           1997(A)
Casa Del Valle                        246              2,750                2,996             544           1997(A)
Catalina                              653              6,968                7,621           1,990           1993(A)
Candlelight Village                   600              6,274                6,874           1,371           1996(A)
Chisholm Point                        609              7,912                8,521           1,667           1995(A)
Clearwater Village                    141              3,176                3,317             799           1986(A)
Country Meadows                     1,220             17,123               18,343           3,926           1994(A)
Continental North                      --              3,711                3,711             867           1996(A)
Cobus Green                           762              7,672                8,434           2,310           1993(A)
College Park Estates                  249              5,528                5,777           1,496           1978(A)
Continental Estates                 1,775             18,151               19,926           3,516           1996(A)
Countryside Village                   460              6,011                6,471           1,637           1987(A)
Creekwood Meadows                   1,212              8,599                9,811           1,221           1997(C)
Cutler Estates                        749              7,277                8,026           1,592           1996(A)
Davison East                         --                 --                   --              --             1996(A)
Deerfield Run                         990              4,835                5,825             396           1999(A)

</TABLE>

                                      F-23
<PAGE>
                                                                    SCHEDULE III
SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
DECEMBER 31, 2002
(AMOUNT IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                 COST CAPITALIZED
                                                                                                                   SUBSEQUENT TO
                                                                                                                    ACQUISITION
                                                                                 INITIAL COST TO COMPANY            IMPROVEMENTS
                                                                              ----------------------------   ----------------------
PROPERTY NAME                  LOCATION                  ENCUMBRANCE            LAND              B & F        LAND         B & F
- -----------------------       -----------------       -----------------       ---------         ----------   --------     ---------
<S>                           <C>                     <C>     <C>   <C>       <C>               <C>          <C>          <C>
Desert View Village           West Wendover, NV                --                1,180              --           423         5,588
Eagle Crest                   Firestone, CO                    --                2,017               150       2,362        22,591
Edwardsville                  Edwardsville, KS         B                           425             8,805         541         2,671
Fisherman's Cove              Flint, MI                        --                  380             3,438          --           552
Forest Meadows                Philomath, OR                    --                1,031             2,050          --          --
Four Seasons                  Elkhart, IN                      --                  500             4,811          --          --
Goldcoaster                   Homestead, FL                    --                  446             4,234         172         1,924
Grand                         Grand Rapids, MI                 --                  374             3,587          --           203
Groves                        Ft. Meyers, FL                   --                  249             2,396          --           649
Hamlin                        Webberville, MI                  --                  125             1,675         536         3,425
High Point                    Frederika, DE                    --                  898             7,031          --         1,055
Holly Forest                  Holly Hill, FL                   --                  920             8,376          --           335
Holiday Village               Elkhart, IN                      --                  100             3,207         143         1,227
Indian Creek                  Ft. Meyers Beach, FL             --                3,832            34,660          --         1,375
Island Lake                   Merritt Island, FL               --                  700             6,431          --           313
King's Court                  Traverse City, MI        A                         1,473            13,782          --         1,559
Kensington Meadows            Lansing, MI                      --                  250             2,699          --         3,596
King's Lake                   Debary, FL                       --                  280             2,542          --         2,199
Knollwood Estates             Allendale, MI            D                           400             4,061          --          --
Kenwood                       La Feria, TX                     --                  145             1,842          --          --
Lafayette Place               Warren, MI                       --                  669             5,979          --           778
Lake Juliana                  Auburndale, FL                   --                  335             2,848          --           846
Leesburg Landing              Leesburg, FL                     --                   50               429         921           415
Liberty Farms                 Valparaiso, IN                   --                   66             1,201         116         1,917
Lincoln Estates               Holland, MI                      --                  455             4,201          --           318
Lake San Marino               Naples, FL                       --                  650             5,760          --           446
Maple Grove Estates           Dorr, MI                         --                   15               210          20           297
Meadowbrook Village           Tampa, FL                        --                  519             4,728          --           428
Meadowbrook Estates           Monroe, MI                       --                  431             3,320         379         5,960
Meadow Lake Estates           White Lake, MI           A                         1,188            11,498         127         1,826
Meadows                       Nappanee, IN                     --                  287             2,300          --         2,443
Meadowstream Village          Sodus, MI                        --                  100             1,175         109         1,443
Maplewood Mobile              Lawrence, IN                     --                  275             2,122          --           887
North Point Estates           Pueblo, CO                       --                1,582             3,027           1         2,192
Oak Crest                     Austin, TX                      8,331              4,311            12,611          --          --

<CAPTION>
                                     GROSS AMOUNT CARRIED
                                     AT DECEMBER 31, 2002                                                   DATE OF
                                 ---------------------------                             ACCUMULATED     CONSTRUCTION (C)
PROPERTY NAME                      LAND               B & F               TOTAL         DEPRECIATION     ACQUISITION (A)
- --------------------------       --------           --------           ----------      -------------    ----------------
<S>                              <C>                <C>                <C>             <C>              <C>
Desert View Village                 1,603              5,588                7,191             418           1998(C)
Eagle Crest                         4,379             22,741               27,120             633           1998(C)
Edwardsville                          966             11,476               12,442           3,203           1987(A)
Fisherman's Cove                      380              3,990                4,370           1,175           1993(A)
Forest Meadows                      1,031              2,050                3,081             239           1999(A)
Four Seasons                          500              4,811                5,311             415           2000(A)
Goldcoaster                           618              6,158                6,776           1,056           1997(A)
Grand                                 374              3,790                4,164             721           1996(A)
Groves                                249              3,045                3,294             606           1997(A)
Hamlin                                661              5,100                5,761             720           1984(A)
High Point                            898              8,086                8,984             422           1997(A)
Holly Forest                          920              8,711                9,631           1,611           1997(A)
Holiday Village                       243              4,434                4,677           1,322           1986(A)
Indian Creek                        3,832             36,035               39,867           8,033           1996(A)
Island Lake                           700              6,744                7,444           1,704           1995(A)
King's Court                        1,473             15,341               16,814           3,320           1996(A)
Kensington Meadows                    250              6,295                6,545           1,263           1995(A)
King's Lake                           280              4,741                5,021           1,116           1994(A)
Knollwood Estates                     400              4,061                4,461             205           2001(A)
Kenwood                               145              1,842                1,987             226           1999(A)
Lafayette Place                       669              6,757                7,426           1,030           1998(A)
Lake Juliana                          335              3,694                4,029             993           1994(A)
Leesburg Landing                      971                844                1,815             182           1996(A)
Liberty Farms                         182              3,118                3,300             874           1985(A)
Lincoln Estates                       455              4,519                4,974           1,000           1996(A)
Lake San Marino                       650              6,206                6,856           1,384           1996(A)
Maple Grove Estates                    35                507                  542             143           1979(A)
Meadowbrook Village                   519              5,156                5,675           1,508           1994(A)
Meadowbrook Estates                   810              9,280               10,090           2,695           1986(A)
Meadow Lake Estates                 1,315             13,324               14,639           3,899           1994(A)
Meadows                               287              4,743                5,030           1,272           1987(A)
Meadowstream Village                  209              2,618                2,827             741           1984(A)
Maplewood Mobile                      275              3,009                3,284             847           1989(A)
North Point Estates                 1,583              5,219                6,802             207           2001(C)
Oak Crest                           4,311             12,611               16,922             229           2002(A)

</TABLE>



                                      F-24

<PAGE>
                                                                   SCHEDULE III
SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
DECEMBER 31, 2002
(AMOUNT IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                 COST CAPITALIZED
                                                                                                                   SUBSEQUENT TO
                                                                                                                    ACQUISITION
                                                                                 INITIAL COST TO COMPANY           IMPROVEMENTS
                                                                              ----------------------------    ---------------------
PROPERTY NAME                  LOCATION                  ENCUMBRANCE             LAND             B & F         LAND        B & F
- -----------------------       -----------------       -----------------       ---------         --------      --------    ---------
<S>                           <C>                     <C>     <C>   <C>       <C>               <C>          <C>          <C>
Oakwood Village               Miamisburg, OH                   --                1,964             6,401          --         6,368
Orange Tree                   Orange City, FL                  --                  283             2,530          15           765
Orchard Lake                  Milford, OH              C                           395             4,025          --            15
Paradise                      Chicago Heights, IL              --                  723             6,638          --           683
Pecan Branch                  Georgetown, TX                   --                1,379              --           331         4,158
Pheasant Ridge                Lancaster, PA                                      2,044            19,279          --          --
Pine Hills                    Middlebury, IN                   --                   72               544          60         1,754
Pin Oak Parc                  St. Louis, MO            A                         1,038             3,250         467         4,776
Pine Ridge                    Petersburg, VA                   --                  405             2,397          --         1,326
Presidential                  Hudsonville, MI          A                           680             6,314          --         1,261
Parkwood Mobile               Grand Blanc, MI                  --                  477             4,279          --           764
Richmond                      Richmond, MI                     --                  501             2,040          --           393
River Ridge                   Austin, TX                      6,813              3,201            15,090          --          --
Roxbury                       Goshen, IN                       --                1,057             9,870          --          --
Royal Country                 Miami, FL                B                         2,290            20,758          --           818
River Haven                   Grand Haven, MI          D                         1,800            16,967          --          --
Saddle Oak Club               Ocala, FL                        --                  730             6,743          --           701
Saddlebrook                   San Marcos, TX                  5,481              1,703            11,843          --          --
Scio Farms                    Ann Arbor, MI                    --                2,300            22,659          --         3,861
Sea Air                       Rehoboth Beach, DE              4,484              1,207            10,179          --           683
Sherman Oaks                  Jackson, FL              B                           200             2,400         240         4,063
Siesta Bay                    Ft. Meyers Beach, FL             --                2,051            18,549          --           792
Silver Star                   Orlando, FL                      --                1,022             9,306          --           419
Southfork                     Belton, MO                       --                1,000             9,011          --         1,412
Sunset Ridge                  Portland, MI                     --                2,044              --            --        10,364
St. Clair Place               St. Clair, MI                    --                  501             2,029           1           347
Stonebridge                   Richfield Twp., MI              1,119              2,044              --         2,081          --
Snow to Sun                   Weslaco, TX                        90                190             2,143          15           857
Sun Villa                     Reno, NV                        6,665              2,385            11,773          --           345
Timber Ridge                  Ft. Collins, CO          A                           990             9,231          --         1,075
Timberbrook                   Bristol, IN              B                           490             3,400         101         5,024
Timberline Estates            Grand Rapids, MI         A                           535             4,867          --           608
Town and Country              Traverse City, MI                --                  406             3,736          --           252
Valley Brook                  Indianapolis, IN         A                           150             3,500       1,277         9,008
Village Trails                Howard City, MI                  --                  988             1,472          --           713



<CAPTION>
                                     GROSS AMOUNT CARRIED
                                     AT DECEMBER 31, 2002                                                   DATE OF
                                 ---------------------------                             ACCUMULATED     CONSTRUCTION (C)
PROPERTY NAME                      LAND               B & F               TOTAL         DEPRECIATION     ACQUISITION (A)
- --------------------------       --------           --------           ----------      -------------    ----------------
<S>                              <C>                <C>                <C>             <C>              <C>
Oakwood Village                     1,964             12,769               14,733           1,565           1998(A)
Orange Tree                           298              3,295                3,593             862           1994(A)
Orchard Lake                          395              4,040                4,435             514           1999(A)
Paradise                              723              7,321                8,044           1,579           1996(A)
Pecan Branch                        1,710              4,158                5,868             162           1999(C)
Pheasant Ridge                      2,044             19,279               21,323             328           2002(A)
Pine Hills                            132              2,298                2,430             629           1980(A)
Pin Oak Parc                        1,505              8,026                9,531           1,613           1994(A)
Pine Ridge                            405              3,723                4,128           1,045           1986(A)
Presidential                          680              7,575                8,255           1,635           1996(A)
Parkwood Mobile                       477              5,043                5,520           1,460           1993(A)
Richmond                              501              2,433                2,934             379           1998(A)
River Ridge                         3,201             15,090               18,291             383           2002(A)
Roxbury                             1,057              9,870               10,927             500           2001(A)
Royal Country                       2,290             21,576               23,866           6,489           1994(A)
River Haven                         1,800             16,967               18,767             898           2001(A)
Saddle Oak Club                       730              7,444                8,174           2,031           1995(A)
Saddlebrook                         1,703             11,843               13,546             205           2002(A)
Scio Farms                          2,300             26,520               28,820           6,349           1995(A)
Sea Air                             1,207             10,862               12,069             568           1997(A)
Sherman Oaks                          440              6,463                6,903           1,739           1986(A)
Siesta Bay                          2,051             19,341               21,392           4,307           1996(A)
Silver Star                         1,022              9,725               10,747           2,156           1996(A)
Southfork                           1,000             10,423               11,423           1,539           1997(A)
Sunset Ridge                        2,044             10,364               12,408             438           1998(C)
St. Clair Place                       502              2,376                2,878             446           1998(A)
Stonebridge                         4,125               --                  4,125            --             1998(C)
Snow to Sun                           205              3,000                3,205             552           1997(A)
Sun Villa                           2,385             12,118               14,503           1,838           1998(A)
Timber Ridge                          990             10,306               11,296           2,226           1996(A)
Timberbrook                           591              8,424                9,015           2,310           1987(A)
Timberline Estates                    535              5,475                6,010           1,535           1994(A)
Town and Country                      406              3,988                4,394             898           1996(A)
Valley Brook                        1,427             12,508               13,935           3,280           1989(A)
Village Trails                        988              2,185                3,173             306           1998(A)
</TABLE>

                                      F-25

<PAGE>
                                                                   SCHEDULE III
SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
DECEMBER 31, 2002
(AMOUNT IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                 COST CAPITALIZED
                                                                                                                   SUBSEQUENT TO
                                                                                                                   ACQUISITION
                                                                                 INITIAL COST TO COMPANY           IMPROVEMENTS
                                                                              ----------------------------     --------------------
PROPERTY NAME                  LOCATION                  ENCUMBRANCE            LAND              B & F          LAND        B & F
- -----------------------       -----------------       -----------------       ---------         ---------      --------    --------
<S>                           <C>                     <C>     <C>   <C>       <C>               <C>          <C>          <C>
Water Oak Country Club Est.   Lady Lake, FL                    --                2,503            17,478          --         5,538
Westbrook                     Toledo, OH               E                         1,110            10,462          --           850
Westbrook Senior              Toledo, OH                       --                  355             3,295          --           295
West Glen Village             Indianapolis, IN                 --                1,100            10,028          --           849
White Lake                    White Lake, MI                   --                  672             6,179          --         4,612
White Oak                     Mt. Morris, MI           A                           782             7,245         112         3,601
Willowbrook                   Toledo, OH               E                           781             7,054          --           565
Windham Hills                 Jackson, MI                      --                2,673             2,364          --         7,587
Woodhaven Place               Woodhaven, MI                    --                  501             4,541          --           840
Woodlake Estates              Yoder, IN                        --                  632             3,674          --         2,603
Woodland Park Estates         Eugene, OR                      7,286              1,592            14,398          --           334
Woods Edge                    West Lafayette, IN               --                  100             2,600           3         7,644
Woodside Terrace              Holland, OH                      --                1,064             9,625          --         1,262
Worthington Arms              Lewis Center, OH                 --                  376             2,624          --         1,204
Corporate Headquarters        Farmington Hills, MI                                 --                --           --         2,730
Comal Farms                   New Braunfels, TX                --                1,455             1,732          --         4,090
Creekside                     Reidsville, NC                   --                  350             1,423          --         3,074
East Fork                     Batavia, OH                      --                1,280             6,302          --         3,633
Glen Laurel                   Concord, NC                      --                1,641               453          --         5,822
Meadowbrook                   Charlotte, NC                    --                1,310             6,570          --         2,494
Pebble Creek                  Greenwood, IN                    --                1,030             5,074          --         3,229
River Ranch                   Austin, TX                       --                4,690               843          --         4,453
Stonebridge                   San Antonio, TX                  --                2,552             2,096          --         3,752
Summit Ridge                  Converse, TX                     --                2,615             2,092          --         4,228
Sunset Ridge                  Kyle, TX                         --                2,190             2,775          --         4,601
Woodlake Trails               San Antonio, TX                  --                1,186               287         160         2,955
                                                                              --------          --------     -------      --------
                                                                              $122,450          $731,914     $15,825      $304,492
                                                                              ========          ========     =======      ========


<CAPTION>
                                     GROSS AMOUNT CARRIED
                                     AT DECEMBER 31, 2002                                                   DATE OF
                                 ---------------------------                             ACCUMULATED     CONSTRUCTION (C)
PROPERTY NAME                      LAND               B & F               TOTAL         DEPRECIATION     ACQUISITION (A)
- --------------------------       --------           --------           ----------      -------------    ----------------
<S>                              <C>                <C>                <C>             <C>              <C>
Water Oak Country Club Est          2,503             23,016               25,519           6,102            1993(A)
Westbrook                           1,110             11,312               12,422           1,327            1999(A)
Westbrook Senior                      355              3,590                3,945             173            2001(A)
West Glen Village                   1,100             10,877               11,977           3,034            1994(A)
White Lake                            672             10,791               11,463           1,526            1997(A)
White Oak                             894             10,846               11,740           1,780            1997(A)
Willowbrook                           781              7,619                8,400           1,133            1997(A)
Windham Hills                       2,673              9,951               12,624           1,074            1998(A)
Woodhaven Place                       501              5,381                5,882             822            1998(A)
Woodlake Estates                      632              6,277                6,909             783            1998(A)
Woodland Park Estates               1,592             14,732               16,324           2,238            1998(A)
Woods Edge                            103             10,244               10,347           1,915            1985(A)
Woodside Terrace                    1,064             10,887               11,951           1,991            1997(A)
Worthington Arms                      376              3,828                4,204           1,115            1990(A)
Corporate Headquarters                                 2,730                2,730           1,678            Various
Comal Farms                         1,455              5,822                7,277             255           2000(A&C)
Creekside                             350              4,497                4,847             221           2000(A&C)
East Fork                           1,280              9,935               11,215             581           2000(A&C)
Glen Laurel                         1,641              6,275                7,916             102           2001(A&C)
Meadowbrook                         1,310              9,064               10,374             665           2000(A&C)
Pebble Creek                        1,030              8,303                9,333             645           2000(A&C)
River Ranch                         4,690              5,296                9,986            --             2000(A&C)
Stonebridge                         2,552              5,848                8,400             375           2000(A&C)
Summit Ridge                        2,615              6,320                8,935             400           2000(A&C)
Sunset Ridge                        2,190              7,376                9,566             511           2000(A&C)
Woodlake Trails                     1,346              3,242                4,588             188           2000(A&C)
                                 --------         ----------           ----------      ----------
                                 $138,275         $1,036,562           $1,174,837      $  175,477
                                 ========         ==========           ==========      ==========
</TABLE>


 A   These communities collateralize $152.36 million of secured debt.

 B   These communities collateralize $42.21 million of secured debt.

 C   These communities collateralize $4.67 million of secured debt.

 D   These communities collateralize $12.29 million of secured debt.

 E   These communities are financed by $16.44 million of collateralized lease
     obligations.

(1)  The initial cost for this property is included in the initial cost
     reported for Continental Estates.


                                      F-26

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.36
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w36.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED & RESTATED SUBORDINATED LOAN AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.36





            SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SUBORDINATED LOAN AGREEMENT

         THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SUBORDINATED LOAN AGREEMENT (as
amended from time to time, the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of this
4th day of December, 2002 by and between ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C., a Delaware
limited liability company ("Borrower"), whose address is 260 East Brown Street,
Suite 200, Birmingham, Michigan 48009, and SUN COMMUNITIES OPERATING LIMITED
PARTNERSHIP, a Michigan limited partnership ("Lender"), whose address is 31700
Middlebelt Road, Suite 145, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48334.

                                    RECITALS:

         A. Borrower, Origen Financial, Inc. ("Origen Inc.") and Lender have
entered into that certain Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement dated
February 1, 2002, as amended by the First Amendment to Amended and Restated
Subordinated Loan Agreement dated March 22, 2002, the Second Amendment to
Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement dated June 18, 2002, and the
Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement dated August
12, 2002 (the "Original Loan Agreement").

         B. Origen Inc. was merged with and into Borrower effective April 25,
2002 and Borrower is therefore the successor to Origen Inc.'s obligations under
the Original Loan Agreement.

         C. Lender and Borrower desire to amend and restate the Original Loan
Agreement in its entirety in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement.

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

         1. LOAN. The Line of Credit provided hereunder shall have the following
         terms:

         Type of Loan: Line of Credit

         Interest Rate: 700 basis points over LIBOR, but not less than eleven
         percent (11%) per annum, or in excess of fifteen percent (15%) per
         annum

         Note Amount: $27,500,000

         Maturity: December 31, 2003; provided that the due date shall be
         automatically extended to December 31, 2004 if the Master Repurchase
         Agreement between Borrower and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage
         Capital LLC dated December 18, 2001, as amended from time to time (the
         "CSFB Agreement"), is renewed on terms acceptable to Lender upon the
         expiration of the CSFB Agreement in May 2003.

The Loan and any amendments, extensions, renewals, or refinancing thereof are
subject to this Agreement.

         2. LINE OF CREDIT LOAN. Provided that no Event of Default exists and no
Event of Default will be caused by any draw under the Loan, Lender agrees to
loan to Borrower, from time to time up to the Note Amount (as described above),
in increments determined at Lender's discretion and in accordance with the terms
of the Sixth Amended and Restated Promissory Note of even date herewith made by
Borrower in connection with the Loan and attached to this Agreement as EXHIBIT
A. The Sixth Amended Note shall replace the Fifth Amended and Restated
Promissory Note dated August 12, 2002 executed by Borrower in connection with
the Original Loan Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
Lender's obligation to make any advance to Borrower under the Loan shall
automatically: (a) cease and terminate




<PAGE>




upon the maturity date stated in the Sixth Amended Note; and (b) suspend upon
any earlier occurrence of an Event of Default unless and until waived by Lender
in writing.

         3. BORROWER'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Borrower represents and
warrants to Lender, all of which representations and warranties shall be
continuing until the Loan is fully paid and Borrower's obligations under this
Agreement and the Related Documents are fully performed, as follows:

                  A. Borrower's Existence and Authority. Borrower is a Delaware
         limited liability company, and the person executing this Agreement on
         behalf of Borrower has full power and complete authority to execute
         this Agreement and all Related Documents on behalf of Borrower, and
         this Agreement and the Related Documents are valid, binding and
         enforceable against Borrower.

                  B. Financial Information. All financial information provided
         to Lender has been prepared and will continue to be prepared in
         accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"),
         consistently applied, and fully and fairly presents the financial
         condition of Borrower as of the date or for the operating period
         thereof. There has been no material adverse change in Borrower's
         business, property, or financial condition since the date of Borrower's
         latest Financial Statements provided to Lender.

                  C. No Litigation/No Misrepresentations. There are no civil or
         criminal proceedings pending before any court, government agency,
         arbitration panel, or administrative tribunal or, to Borrower's
         knowledge, threatened against Borrower, which may result in any
         material adverse change in the business, property, or financial
         condition of Borrower. All representations and warranties in this
         Agreement and the Related Documents are true and correct and no
         material fact has been omitted.

         4. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. As of the date of this Agreement and
continuing until all of Borrower's obligations under this Agreement and the
Related Documents are fully performed and the Loan is fully repaid to Lender,
Borrower shall at all times comply with the following covenants:

                  A. Notice of Adverse Events. Borrower shall promptly notify
         Lender in writing of any litigation, indictment, governmental
         proceeding, default, or any other occurrence which may have a material
         adverse effect on Borrower's business, property or financial condition.

                  B. Maintain Business Existence and Operations. Borrower shall
         do all things necessary to keep in full force and effect its corporate
         existence and continue its business as presently conducted.

                  C. General Compliance with Law. Borrower shall at all times
         operate its business in strict compliance with all applicable Federal,
         State, and local laws, ordinances and regulations, and refrain from
         engaging in any civil or criminal activity proscribed by Federal, State
         or local law.

                  D. Delivery of Financial Statements. Within forty-five (45)
         days after the end of each fiscal quarter, Borrower shall deliver to
         Lender copies of its unaudited financial statements prepared in
         accordance with GAAP, consistently applied. Within ninety (90) days
         after the end of each fiscal year, Borrower shall deliver to Lender
         copies of its audited financial statements prepared in accordance with
         GAAP, consistently applied.

         5. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. The occurrence of any of the following events
shall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement:



                                      -2-

<PAGE>





                  A. Failure to Pay Amounts Due. Any amount of principal or
         interest under the Sixth Amended Note is not paid when due.

                  B. Misrepresentations; False Financial Information. Any
         statement, warranty or representation of Borrower in connection with or
         contained in this Agreement, the Related Documents, or any Financial
         Statements now or hereafter furnished to Lender by or on behalf of
         Borrower, is false or misleading.

                  C. Noncompliance with Loan Agreements. Borrower breaches any
         covenant, term, condition or agreement stated in this Agreement, the
         Related Documents or any agreement relating to Senior Debt (as defined
         below).

                  D. Cessation/Termination of Existence. Borrower shall cease
         doing business or Borrower's existence is terminated by sale,
         dissolution, merger or otherwise.

                  E. Bankruptcy or Receivership. Any conveyance is made of
         substantially all of Borrower's assets, any assignment is made for the
         benefit of creditors, any receiver is appointed, or any insolvency,
         liquidation or reorganization proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code or
         otherwise shall be filed by or against Borrower.

                  F. Attachments; Tax Liens. Any attachment, execution, levy,
         forfeiture, tax lien or similar writ or process is issued against any
         property of Borrower.

                  G. Material Adverse Change. Any material adverse change occurs
         or is imminent the effect of which would be to substantially diminish
         Borrower's financial condition, business, or the ability to perform its
         agreements with Lender.

                  H. Other Lender Default. Any other indebtedness of Borrower to
         Lender or any other creditor (including, without limitation, Financial
         Institutions (as defined below) becomes due and remains unpaid after
         acceleration of the maturity or after the stated maturity.

                  I. Other Indebtedness. Borrower incurs any Indebtedness (other
         than Senior Debt) in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate after the date
         of this Agreement.

                  J. Change of Control Event. Absent Lender's prior written
         consent, any Change of Control Event with respect to Borrower occurs
         after Borrower's first draws on the Loan.

         6.       REMEDIES ON DEFAULT.

                  A. Acceleration Set-Off. Upon the occurrence of any Event of
         Default, Lender may, at Lender's option, declare the Loan to be
         immediately due and payable. The foregoing shall not in any way impair
         Lender's right to demand repayment under the terms of the Sixth Amended
         Note.

                  B. Remedies; No Waiver. The remedies provided in this
         Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive, and Lender may exercise any
         remedies available to it at law, in equity, and as are provided in this
         Agreement, the Related Documents and any other written agreement
         between Borrower and Lender. No delay or failure of Lender in
         exercising any right, remedy, power, or privilege under this Agreement
         or the Related Documents shall affect that right, remedy, power or
         privilege, nor shall any single or partial exercise preclude the
         exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. No delay or
         failure of Lender to demand strict adherence to the terms of this
         Agreement or


                                      -3-

<PAGE>




         the Related Documents shall be deemed to constitute a course of conduct
         inconsistent with Lender's right at any time, before or after any Event
         of Default, to prospectively demand strict adherence to the terms of
         this Agreement and the Related Documents.

         7.       SUBORDINATION.

                  A. The indebtedness evidenced by the Sixth Amended Note and
         any renewals or extensions thereof (such indebtedness being herein
         called the "Subordinated Indebtedness") shall at all times be wholly
         subordinate and junior in right to payment in full of all Senior Debt
         (as defined below). The provisions of this section on subordination
         shall constitute a continuing offer to all persons who, in reliance
         upon such provisions, become holders of, or continue to hold, Senior
         Debt, and such provisions are made for the benefit of the holders of
         Senior Debt, and such holders are hereby made obligees hereunder the
         same as if their names were written herein as such, and they and/or
         each of them may proceed to enforce such provisions. Unless and until
         an event of default under any of the Senior Debt (other than an event
         of default which exists solely by reason of a default under this
         Agreement) shall have occurred and be continuing ("Superior Default"),
         Borrower shall pay the principal and interest on all Subordinated
         Indebtedness according to the terms hereof.

                  For purposes of this Agreement, "Senior Debt" means the
         principal of, and interest on and other amounts due on or in connection
         with any Indebtedness of Borrower (other than the Sixth Amended Note)
         to any Financial Institution (as defined below), whether outstanding on
         the date of this Agreement, or thereafter created, incurred or assumed
         by Borrower (including all deferrals, renewals, extensions or
         refundings of, or amendments, modifications or supplements to,
         Indebtedness of the kind described in this clause). Notwithstanding
         anything herein to the contrary, Senior Debt shall not include: (a)
         Indebtedness of or amounts owed by Borrower for compensation to
         employees, or for goods or materials purchased in the ordinary course
         of business or for services, or (b) Indebtedness of Borrower to any of
         its subsidiaries or affiliates. In no event shall any Financial
         Institution be deemed to be an affiliate of Borrower. Indebtedness of
         Borrower to any of its subsidiaries or affiliates shall be pari passu
         in all respects with the Subordinated Indebtedness.

                  For purposes of this Agreement, "Financial Institution" means
         any bank as defined in section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
         as amended (the "Securities Act"), savings and loan association or
         other institution as defined in section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities
         Act, insurance company as defined in section 2(13) of the Securities
         Act, or investment banking firm. For purposes of this Agreement, Credit
         Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital, LLC ("CSFBMC") shall be
         considered a Financial Institution.

                  For purposes of this Agreement, "Indebtedness" means, with
         respect to any person, (a) any liability, contingent or otherwise, of
         such person (i) for borrowed money (whether or not the recourse of the
         lender is to the whole of the assets of such person or only to a
         portion thereof), (ii) evidenced by a note, debenture or similar
         instrument or representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the
         purchase price of any property purchased, (iii) for the payment of
         money relating to a lease that is required to be capitalized under
         GAAP; or (iv) to repurchase securities or other property, including
         without limitation, Borrower's obligations to repurchase securities
         under the CSFB Agreement; (b) any obligation secured by a lien to which
         the property or assets of such person are subject, whether or not the
         obligations secured thereby shall have been assumed by or shall
         otherwise be such person's legal liability; and (c) any and all
         deferrals, renewals, extensions and refundings of, or amendments,
         modifications or supplements to, any liability of the kind described in
         any of the preceding clauses (a) or (b).



                                      -4-

<PAGE>





                  B. The terms hereof, the subordination effected hereby and the
         rights of the holders of the Senior Debt shall not be affected by (a)
         any amendment of or addition or supplement to any Senior Debt or any
         instrument or agreement relating thereto, (b) any exercise or
         non-exercise of any right, power or remedy under or in respect of any
         Senior Debt or any instrument or agreement relating thereto, or (c) any
         waiver, consent, release, indulgence, extension, renewal, modification,
         delay or other action, inaction or omission, in respect of any Senior
         Debt or any instrument or agreement relating thereto or any security
         therefor or guaranty thereof, whether or not any holder of any
         Subordinated Indebtedness shall have had notice or knowledge of any of
         the foregoing.

                  C. Upon the happening of (a) a Superior Default which is a
         default in respect of payment of principal, premium, if any, or
         interest on Senior Debt or (b) a Superior Default (other than a
         Superior Default in respect of payment of principal, premium, if any,
         or interest on Senior Debt) and receipt by Lender of written notice
         thereof from any holder of Senior Debt, then until all Senior Debt
         shall have been paid in full, Borrower shall not, directly or
         indirectly, make or agree to make, and neither Lender nor any assignee
         or successor holder of any Subordinated Indebtedness shall demand,
         accept or receive (a) any payment (in cash, property or securities, by
         set-off or otherwise), direct or indirect, of or on account of any
         principal or interest in respect of any Subordinated Indebtedness, and
         no such payment shall be accepted by any holder of any Subordinated
         Indebtedness, or (b) any payment for the purpose of any redemption,
         purchase or other acquisition, direct or indirect, of any Subordinated
         Indebtedness, and no such payment shall be due.

                  In the case of any Superior Default (other than a Superior
         Default with respect to payment of principal, premium, if any, or
         interest on Senior Debt), the foregoing restrictions shall cease to
         apply to any payment received with respect to the Subordinated
         Indebtedness after the expiration of 180 days after the holder of
         Senior Debt shall have sent notice of the Superior Default to the
         holder of the Sixth Amended Note, unless prior to the expiration of
         such 180-day period one or more holders of the Senior Debt shall have
         commenced and be diligently prosecuting an action, suit or other legal
         or equitable proceeding or otherwise take action or exercise any other
         remedy against Borrower or its property based upon the Superior
         Default, or unless a Superior Default which is a payment default shall
         have occurred and be continuing; provided, further, that during such
         180-day period following the Superior Default (other than a Superior
         Default with respect to payment of principal, premium, if any, or
         interest on Senior Debt) the holders of the Subordinated Indebtedness
         shall refrain from prosecuting any such action, suit or other legal or
         equitable proceeding against Borrower or its property based upon an
         Event of Default hereunder.

                  In the event that a Superior Default (other than a Superior
         Default with respect to payment of principal, premium or interest on
         Senior Debt) is cured or is waived by the appropriate holders of the
         Senior Debt (whether by amendment to the applicable loan agreement,
         forbearance agreement or otherwise) prior to the expiration of the
         aforesaid 180-day period applicable to such Superior Default, then any
         Event of Default occurring under this Agreement solely by reason of the
         occurrence of such Superior Default shall be deemed not to have
         occurred. Any judicial proceedings initiated by a holder of
         Subordinated Indebtedness at a time when such holder has no knowledge
         that such proceedings are prohibited by this paragraph shall not be
         deemed a violation of any provisions of this Agreement and, upon
         receipt of notice from the holder of the Senior Debt that such
         proceedings are so prohibited, such holder of the Subordinated
         Indebtedness shall terminate such proceedings, without prejudice.

                  D. Upon any distribution (whether of cash, securities or other
         property) to


                                      -5-

<PAGE>




         creditors of Borrower in a liquidation or dissolution of Borrower, or
         in a bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, receivership, assignment
         for the benefit of creditors, marshalling of assets or similar
         proceeding relating to Borrower or its property:

                           (1) holders of Senior Debt shall be entitled to
         receive payment in full in cash of such Senior Debt (including interest
         accruing after the commencement of any such proceeding or interest that
         would have accrued but for the commencement of such proceeding to the
         date of payment on, and other amounts included in, Senior Debt) before
         the holder of the Sixth Amended Note shall be entitled to receive any
         payment of principal of, premium (if any) or interest on the Sixth
         Amended Note or any other distributions with respect to the Sixth
         Amended Note;

                           (2) until the Senior Debt is paid in full in cash as
         provided in clause (1) of this paragraph, any distribution to which the
         holder of the Sixth Amended Note would be entitled but for this section
         on subordination shall be made to the holders of Senior Debt as their
         interests may appear.

                  In the event that any payment or distribution of assets of
         Borrower prohibited by the provisions of this section on subordination
         of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or securities,
         shall be received by the holder of the Sixth Amended Note before all
         Senior Debt is paid in full, or provision made for such payment in
         accordance with the terms of the Senior Debt, such payment or
         distribution shall be held in trust for the benefit of, and shall be
         paid over or delivered to, the holders of such Senior Debt or their
         representative or representatives, or to the trustee or trustees under
         any indenture pursuant to which any instruments evidencing any of such
         Senior Debt may have been issued, as their respective interests may
         appear, for application to the payment of all Senior Debt remaining
         unpaid to the extent necessary to pay such Senior Debt in full in
         accordance with its terms, after giving effect to any concurrent
         payment or distribution to the holders of such Senior Debt.

                  E. In the event that the Sixth Amended Note is declared due
         and payable before its stated maturity because of the occurrence of an
         Event of Default hereunder, the holders of the Senior Debt shall be
         entitled to receive payment in full of all amounts due with respect to
         all Senior Debt before the holder of the Sixth Amended Note is entitled
         to receive any payment on account of the principal of, premium (if any)
         or interest on, or any repurchase, redemption or other retirement
         (including, without limitation, any defeasance) of, the Sixth Amended
         Note.

                  F. The holders of Subordinated Indebtedness shall not be
         subrogated to the rights of the holders of Senior Debt to receive
         payments or distributions of assets of Borrower applicable to the
         Senior Debt.

                  G. No payments or distributions to the holders of Senior Debt
         by or on behalf of Borrower by virtue of this Agreement which otherwise
         would have been made to the holder of the Sixth Amended Note, shall, as
         between Borrower and the holder of the Sixth Amended Note, be deemed to
         be payment by Borrower to or on account of the Senior Debt, it being
         understood that the provisions of this paragraph are intended solely
         for the purpose of defining the relative rights of the holders of
         Subordinated Indebtedness on the one hand and the holders of Senior
         Debt, on the other hand.Nothing contained herein is intended to or
         shall impair, as between Borrower and Lender, the obligation of
         Borrower, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay to Lender, the
         principal of and interest on the Subordinated Indebtedness as and when
         the same shall become due and payable in accordance with its terms, or
         is intended to or shall affect (except to the extent specifically
         provided in the above paragraph) the relative rights of the holders
         hereof and creditors of Borrower other than the holders of the Senior
         Debt, nor shall anything herein




                                      -6-


<PAGE>




         or therein prevent any holder of the Sixth Amended Note from exercising
         all remedies otherwise permitted by applicable law upon default
         hereunder subject to the rights, if any, hereunder of the holders of
         Senior Debt in respect of cash, property or securities of Borrower
         received upon the exercise of any such remedy.

         8.       COLLATERAL SECURITY.

         To secure the payment of all amounts due to Lender by Borrower in
connection with the Loan and pursuant to terms of this Agreement and the Sixth
Amended Note, Borrower has granted Lender a security interest in those assets
described under the following documents: (i) the Security Agreement dated
February 1, 2002 between Origen LLC and Lender, as amended from time to time,
(ii) Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated February 1, 2002 between
Origen Inc. and Lender, as amended from time to time, (iii) the Amended and
Restated Stock Pledge Agreement dated February 1, 2002 between Origen Inc. and
Lender, as amended from time to time, (iv) the Limited Liability Company
Interest Security and Pledge Agreement dated February 1, 2002 between Origen LLC
and Lender, as amended from time to time, and (v) the Amended and Restated
Limited Liability Company Interest Security and Pledge Agreement dated February
1, 2002 between Origen Inc. and Lender, as amended from time to time.

         9.       MISCELLANEOUS.

                  A. Compliance with Lender Agreements. Borrower acknowledges
         that it has read and understands this Agreement, the Related Documents,
         and all other written agreements between Borrower and Lender, and
         Borrower agrees to fully comply with all of the agreements.

                  B. Further Action. Borrower agrees, from time to time, upon
         Lender's request to make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver to Lender,
         such further and additional instruments, documents, and agreements, and
         to take such further action as may be required to carry out the intent
         and purpose of this Agreement and prompt repayment of the Loan.

                  C. Governing Law/Partial Illegality. This Agreement and the
         Related Documents shall be interpreted and the rights of the parties
         determined under the laws of the State of Michigan. Should any part,
         term, or provision of this Agreement be adjudged illegal or in conflict
         with any law of the United States of America or State of Michigan, the
         validity of the remaining portion or provisions of the Agreement shall
         not be affected.

                  D. Writings Constitute Entire Agreement; Modifications Only in
         Writing. This Agreement together with all other written agreements
         between Borrower and Lender, including, without limitation, the Related
         Documents, constitute the entire agreement of the parties and there are
         no other agreements, express or implied. None of the parties shall be
         bound by anything not expressed in writing, and neither this Agreement
         nor the Related Documents can be modified except (i) by a writing
         executed by Borrower and by Lender, and (ii) with the prior consent of
         CSFBMC.

                  E. Successors, Assigns and Benefit. This Agreement shall inure
         to the benefit of and shall be binding upon all of the parties to this
         Agreement and their respective successors and assigns; provided
         however, that Borrower may not assign or transfer its rights or
         obligations under this Agreement without Lender's prior written
         consent. The parties hereto agree that holders of Senior Debt,
         including, without limitation, CSFBMC, are third party beneficiaries of
         this Agreement and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
         enforceable by such holders of Senior Debt.



                                      -7-

<PAGE>




                  F. Headings. All section and paragraph headings in this
         Agreement are included for reference only and do not constitute a part
         of this Agreement.

                  G. Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue in full
         force and effect until all of Borrower's obligations to Lender are
         fully satisfied and the Loan is fully repaid.

                  H. Counterparts; Reproductions. This Agreement may be executed
         in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and
         all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Facsimile copies
         of signatures to this Agreement shall be deemed to be originals, and
         the parties may rely upon such facsimile copies to the same extent as
         the originals.

         10. DEFINITIONS. The following words shall have the following meanings
in this Agreement:

                  A. "Change of Control Event" shall mean, with respect to
         Borrower, (a) an event or series of events by which any person, entity
         or group (as such term is used in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the
         Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) of
         persons or other entities acting in concert as a partnership or other
         group (a "Group of Persons") (other than persons who are, or Groups of
         Persons entirely made up of, (i) management personnel of Borrower or
         (ii) any affiliates of any such management personnel) shall, as a
         result of a tender or exchange offer or offers, an open market purchase
         or purchases, a privately negotiated purchase or purchases or
         otherwise, become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule
         13d-3 under the Exchange Act, except that a person or entity shall be
         deemed to have "beneficial ownership" of all securities that such
         person or entity has the right to acquire, whether such right is
         exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or
         indirectly, of 20% or more of the combined voting power of the then
         outstanding voting stock of Borrower; or (b) Borrower consolidates
         with, or merges with or into, another person or entity, or sells,
         assigns, conveys, transfers, leases or otherwise disposes of all or
         substantially all of its assets to any person or entity, or any person
         or entity consolidates with, or merges with or into Borrower, in any
         such event pursuant to a transaction in which the outstanding voting
         stock of Borrower is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities
         or other property.

                  B. "Event of Default" shall mean any of the events described
         in Section 5 of this Agreement or in the Related Documents.

                  C. "Financial Statements" shall mean all balance sheets,
         income statements, and other financial information which have been, are
         now, or in the future are furnished to Lender.

                  D. "Sixth Amended Note" shall mean that certain line of credit
         promissory note from Borrower to Lender, in the form attached hereto as
         EXHIBIT A, as amended from time to time.

                  E. "Related Documents" shall mean any and all documents,
         promissory notes, and agreements executed in connection with this
         Agreement. This term shall include documents existing before, at the
         time of execution of, and documents executed concurrent with or after
         the date of, this Agreement.


                         [signatures on following page]




                                      -8-
<PAGE>





         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Second Amended and
Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement as of the date first written above.


                                      BORROWER:

                                      ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C., a Delaware
                                      limited liability company

                                      By:  /s/  Ronald A. Klein
                                         ---------------------------------------

                                      Its:    Chief Executive Officer
                                           -------------------------------------

                                      LENDER:

                                      SUN COMMUNITIES OPERATING LIMITED
                                      PARTNERSHIP, a Michigan limited
                                      partnership

                                      By: Sun Communities, Inc., a Maryland
                                      corporation
                                      Its:  General Partner


                                               By:
                                                    ----------------------------

                                               Its:
                                                    ----------------------------







                                      -10-



<PAGE>




         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Second Amended and
Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement as of the date first written above.


                                      BORROWER:

                                      ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C., a Delaware
                                      limited liability company

                                      By:
                                         ---------------------------------------

                                      Its:
                                           -------------------------------------

                                      LENDER:

                                      SUN COMMUNITIES OPERATING LIMITED
                                      PARTNERSHIP, a Michigan limited
                                      partnership

                                      By: Sun Communities, Inc., a Maryland
                                      corporation
                                      Its:  General Partner


                                               By:    /s/  Gary A. Shiffman
                                                    ----------------------------

                                               Its: Chief Executive Officer
                                                    ----------------------------


                                      -10-



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.37
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w37.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBORDINATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.37



                        SUBORDINATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT

         THIS SUBORDINATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT (as amended from time to time,
the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of this 4th day of December, 2002
by and between ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company
("Borrower"), whose address is 260 East Brown Street, Suite 200, Birmingham,
Michigan 48009, and SUN COMMUNITIES OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a Michigan
limited partnership ("Lender"), whose address is 31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite
145, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48334.

                                    RECITALS:

         A. Borrower has requested from Lender, and Lender has agreed to make
the loan described below (the "Loan") to Borrower, in accordance with the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

         1. LOAN. The Loan provided hereunder shall have the following terms:

         Type of Loan:     Term Loan

         Interest Rate: 700 basis points over LIBOR, but not less than eleven
         percent (11%) per annum, or in excess of fifteen percent (15%) per
         annum

         Note Amount:      $10,000,000

         Maturity: December 31, 2003; provided that the due date shall be
         automatically extended to December 31, 2004 if the Master Repurchase
         Agreement between Borrower and Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage
         Capital LLC dated December 18, 2001, as amended from time to time (the
         "CSFB Agreement"), is renewed on terms acceptable to Lender upon the
         expiration of the CSFB Agreement in May 2003.

The Loan and any amendments, extensions, renewals, or refinancing thereof are
subject to this Agreement.

         2. TERM PROMISSORY NOTE. Upon the execution of this Agreement, Borrower
shall execute and deliver the Term Promissory Note of even date herewith
attached to this Agreement as EXHIBIT A (the "Note") to evidence the
indebtedness under the Loan.

         3. BORROWER'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Borrower represents and
warrants to Lender, all of which representations and warranties shall be
continuing until the Loan is fully paid and Borrower's obligations under this
Agreement and the Related Documents are fully performed, as follows:

                  A. Borrower's Existence and Authority. Borrower is a Delaware
         limited liability company, and the person executing this Agreement on
         behalf of Borrower has full power and complete authority to execute
         this Agreement and all Related Documents on behalf of Borrower, and
         this Agreement and the Related Documents are valid, binding and
         enforceable against Borrower.

                  B. Financial Information. All financial information provided
         to Lender has been prepared and will continue to be prepared in
         accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"),
         consistently applied, and fully and fairly presents the financial
         condition of Borrower as of the date or for the operating period
         thereof. There





<PAGE>




         has been no material adverse change in Borrower's business, property,
         or financial condition since the date of Borrower's latest Financial
         Statements provided to Lender.

                  C. No Litigation/No Misrepresentations. There are no civil or
         criminal proceedings pending before any court, government agency,
         arbitration panel, or administrative tribunal or, to Borrower's
         knowledge, threatened against Borrower, which may result in any
         material adverse change in the business, property, or financial
         condition of Borrower. All representations and warranties in this
         Agreement and the Related Documents are true and correct and no
         material fact has been omitted.

         4. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. As of the date of this Agreement and
continuing until all of Borrower's obligations under this Agreement and the
Related Documents are fully performed and the Loan is fully repaid to Lender,
Borrower shall at all times comply with the following covenants:

                  A. Notice of Adverse Events. Borrower shall promptly notify
         Lender in writing of any litigation, indictment, governmental
         proceeding, default, or any other occurrence which may have a material
         adverse effect on Borrower's business, property or financial condition.

                  B. Maintain Business Existence and Operations. Borrower shall
         do all things necessary to keep in full force and effect its corporate
         existence and continue its business as presently conducted.

                  C. General Compliance with Law. Borrower shall at all times
         operate its business in strict compliance with all applicable Federal,
         State, and local laws, ordinances and regulations, and refrain from
         engaging in any civil or criminal activity proscribed by Federal, State
         or local law.

                  D. Delivery of Financial Statements. Within forty-five (45)
         days after the end of each fiscal quarter, Borrower shall deliver to
         Lender copies of its unaudited financial statements prepared in
         accordance with GAAP, consistently applied. Within ninety (90) days
         after the end of each fiscal year, Borrower shall deliver to Lender
         copies of its audited financial statements prepared in accordance with
         GAAP, consistently applied.

         5. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. The occurrence of any of the following events
shall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement:

                  A. Failure to Pay Amounts Due. Any amount of principal or
         interest under the Note is not paid when due.

                  B. Misrepresentations; False Financial Information. Any
         statement, warranty or representation of Borrower in connection with or
         contained in this Agreement, the Related Documents, or any Financial
         Statements now or hereafter furnished to Lender by or on behalf of
         Borrower, is false or misleading.

                  C. Noncompliance with Loan Agreements. Borrower breaches any
         covenant, term, condition or agreement stated in this Agreement, the
         Related Documents or any agreement relating to Senior Debt (as defined
         below).

                  D. Cessation/Termination of Existence. Borrower shall cease
         doing business or Borrower's existence is terminated by sale,
         dissolution, merger or otherwise.

                  E. Bankruptcy or Receivership. Any conveyance is made of
         substantially all of Borrower's assets, any assignment is made for the
         benefit of creditors, any receiver is



                                      -2-


<PAGE>




         appointed, or any insolvency, liquidation or reorganization proceeding
         under the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise shall be filed by or against
         Borrower.

                  F. Attachments; Tax Liens. Any attachment, execution, levy,
         forfeiture, tax lien or similar writ or process is issued against any
         property of Borrower.

                  G. Material Adverse Change. Any material adverse change occurs
         or is imminent the effect of which would be to substantially diminish
         Borrower's financial condition, business, or the ability to perform its
         agreements with Lender.

                  H. Other Lender Default. Any other indebtedness of Borrower to
         Lender or any other creditor (including, without limitation, Financial
         Institutions (as defined below) becomes due and remains unpaid after
         acceleration of the maturity or after the stated maturity.

                  I. Other Indebtedness. Borrower incurs any Indebtedness (other
         than Senior Debt) in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate after the date
         of this Agreement.

                  J. Change of Control Event. Absent Lender's prior written
         consent, any Change of Control Event with respect to Borrower occurs
         after Borrower's first draws on the Loan.

         6.       REMEDIES ON DEFAULT.

                  A. Acceleration Set-Off. Upon the occurrence of any Event of
         Default, Lender may, at Lender's option, declare the Loan to be
         immediately due and payable. The foregoing shall not in any way impair
         Lender's right to demand repayment under the terms of the Note.

                  B. Remedies; No Waiver. The remedies provided in this
         Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive, and Lender may exercise any
         remedies available to it at law, in equity, and as are provided in this
         Agreement, the Related Documents and any other written agreement
         between Borrower and Lender. No delay or failure of Lender in
         exercising any right, remedy, power, or privilege under this Agreement
         or the Related Documents shall affect that right, remedy, power or
         privilege, nor shall any single or partial exercise preclude the
         exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. No delay or
         failure of Lender to demand strict adherence to the terms of this
         Agreement or the Related Documents shall be deemed to constitute a
         course of conduct inconsistent with Lender's right at any time, before
         or after any Event of Default, to prospectively demand strict adherence
         to the terms of this Agreement and the Related Documents.

         7.       SUBORDINATION.

                  A. The indebtedness evidenced by the Note and any renewals or
         extensions thereof (such indebtedness being herein called the
         "Subordinated Indebtedness") shall at all times be wholly subordinate
         and junior in right to payment in full of all Senior Debt (as defined
         below). The provisions of this section on subordination shall
         constitute a continuing offer to all persons who, in reliance upon such
         provisions, become holders of, or continue to hold, Senior Debt, and
         such provisions are made for the benefit of the holders of Senior Debt,
         and such holders are hereby made obligees hereunder the same as if
         their names were written herein as such, and they and/or each of them
         may proceed to enforce such provisions. Unless and until an event of
         default under any of the Senior Debt (other than an event of default
         which exists solely by reason of a default under this Agreement) shall
         have occurred and be continuing ("Superior Default"), Borrower shall



                                      -3-

<PAGE>




         pay the principal and interest on all Subordinated Indebtedness
         according to the terms hereof.

                  For purposes of this Agreement, "Senior Debt" means the
         principal of, and interest on and other amounts due on or in connection
         with any Indebtedness of Borrower (other than the Note) to any
         Financial Institution (as defined below), whether outstanding on the
         date of this Agreement, or thereafter created, incurred or assumed by
         Borrower (including all deferrals, renewals, extensions or refundings
         of, or amendments, modifications or supplements to, Indebtedness of the
         kind described in this clause). Notwithstanding anything herein to the
         contrary, Senior Debt shall not include: (a) Indebtedness of or amounts
         owed by Borrower for compensation to employees, or for goods or
         materials purchased in the ordinary course of business or for services,
         or (b) Indebtedness of Borrower to any of its subsidiaries or
         affiliates. In no event shall any Financial Institution be deemed to be
         an affiliate of Borrower. Indebtedness of Borrower to any of its
         subsidiaries or affiliates shall be pari passu in all respects with the
         Subordinated Indebtedness.

                  For purposes of this Agreement, "Financial Institution" means
         any bank as defined in section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
         as amended (the "Securities Act"), savings and loan association or
         other institution as defined in section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities
         Act, insurance company as defined in section 2(13) of the Securities
         Act, or investment banking firm. For purposes of this Agreement, Credit
         Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital, LLC ("CSFBMC") shall be
         considered a Financial Institution.

                  For purposes of this Agreement, "Indebtedness" means, with
         respect to any person, (a) any liability, contingent or otherwise, of
         such person (i) for borrowed money (whether or not the recourse of the
         lender is to the whole of the assets of such person or only to a
         portion thereof), (ii) evidenced by a note, debenture or similar
         instrument or representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the
         purchase price of any property purchased, (iii) for the payment of
         money relating to a lease that is required to be capitalized under
         GAAP; or (iv) to repurchase securities or other property, including
         without limitation, Borrower's obligations to repurchase securities
         under the CSFB Agreement; (b) any obligation secured by a lien to which
         the property or assets of such person are subject, whether or not the
         obligations secured thereby shall have been assumed by or shall
         otherwise be such person's legal liability; and (c) any and all
         deferrals, renewals, extensions and refundings of, or amendments,
         modifications or supplements to, any liability of the kind described in
         any of the preceding clauses (a) or (b).

                  B. The terms hereof, the subordination effected hereby and the
         rights of the holders of the Senior Debt shall not be affected by (a)
         any amendment of or addition or supplement to any Senior Debt or any
         instrument or agreement relating thereto, (b) any exercise or
         non-exercise of any right, power or remedy under or in respect of any
         Senior Debt or any instrument or agreement relating thereto, or (c) any
         waiver, consent, release, indulgence, extension, renewal, modification,
         delay or other action, inaction or omission, in respect of any Senior
         Debt or any instrument or agreement relating thereto or any security
         therefor or guaranty thereof, whether or not any holder of any
         Subordinated Indebtedness shall have had notice or knowledge of any of
         the foregoing.

                  C. Upon the happening of (a) a Superior Default which is a
         default in respect of payment of principal, premium, if any, or
         interest on Senior Debt or (b) a Superior Default (other than a
         Superior Default in respect of payment of principal, premium, if any,
         or interest on Senior Debt) and receipt by Lender of written notice
         thereof from any holder of Senior Debt, then until all Senior Debt
         shall have been paid in full, Borrower shall not, directly or
         indirectly, make or agree to make, and neither Lender nor any



                                      -4-

<PAGE>




         assignee or successor holder of any Subordinated Indebtedness shall
         demand, accept or receive (a) any payment (in cash, property or
         securities, by set-off or otherwise), direct or indirect, of or on
         account of any principal or interest in respect of any Subordinated
         Indebtedness, and no such payment shall be accepted by any holder of
         any Subordinated Indebtedness, or (b) any payment for the purpose of
         any redemption, purchase or other acquisition, direct or indirect, of
         any Subordinated Indebtedness, and no such payment shall be due.

                  In the case of any Superior Default (other than a Superior
         Default with respect to payment of principal, premium, if any, or
         interest on Senior Debt), the foregoing restrictions shall cease to
         apply to any payment received with respect to the Subordinated
         Indebtedness after the expiration of 180 days after the holder of
         Senior Debt shall have sent notice of the Superior Default to the
         holder of the Note, unless prior to the expiration of such 180-day
         period one or more holders of the Senior Debt shall have commenced and
         be diligently prosecuting an action, suit or other legal or equitable
         proceeding or otherwise take action or exercise any other remedy
         against Borrower or its property based upon the Superior Default, or
         unless a Superior Default which is a payment default shall have
         occurred and be continuing; provided, further, that during such 180-day
         period following the Superior Default (other than a Superior Default
         with respect to payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest on
         Senior Debt) the holders of the Subordinated Indebtedness shall refrain
         from prosecuting any such action, suit or other legal or equitable
         proceeding against Borrower or its property based upon an Event of
         Default hereunder.

                  In the event that a Superior Default (other than a Superior
         Default with respect to payment of principal, premium or interest on
         Senior Debt) is cured or is waived by the appropriate holders of the
         Senior Debt (whether by amendment to the applicable loan agreement,
         forbearance agreement or otherwise) prior to the expiration of the
         aforesaid 180-day period applicable to such Superior Default, then any
         Event of Default occurring under this Agreement solely by reason of the
         occurrence of such Superior Default shall be deemed not to have
         occurred. Any judicial proceedings initiated by a holder of
         Subordinated Indebtedness at a time when such holder has no knowledge
         that such proceedings are prohibited by this paragraph shall not be
         deemed a violation of any provisions of this Agreement and, upon
         receipt of notice from the holder of the Senior Debt that such
         proceedings are so prohibited, such holder of the Subordinated
         Indebtedness shall terminate such proceedings, without prejudice.

                  D. Upon any distribution (whether of cash, securities or other
         property) to creditors of Borrower in a liquidation or dissolution of
         Borrower, or in a bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, receivership,
         assignment for the benefit of creditors, marshalling of assets or
         similar proceeding relating to Borrower or its property:

                           (1) holders of Senior Debt shall be entitled to
         receive payment in full in cash of such Senior Debt (including interest
         accruing after the commencement of any such proceeding or interest that
         would have accrued but for the commencement of such proceeding to the
         date of payment on, and other amounts included in, Senior Debt) before
         the holder of the Note shall be entitled to receive any payment of
         principal of, premium (if any) or interest on the Note or any other
         distributions with respect to the Note;

                           (2) until the Senior Debt is paid in full in cash as
         provided in clause (1) of this paragraph, any distribution to which the
         holder of the Note would be entitled but for this section on
         subordination shall be made to the holders of Senior Debt as their
         interests may appear.

                  In the event that any payment or distribution of assets of
         Borrower prohibited by



                                      -5-

<PAGE>




         the provisions of this section on subordination of any kind or
         character, whether in cash, property or securities, shall be received
         by the holder of the Note before all Senior Debt is paid in full, or
         provision made for such payment in accordance with the terms of the
         Senior Debt, such payment or distribution shall be held in trust for
         the benefit of, and shall be paid over or delivered to, the holders of
         such Senior Debt or their representative or representatives, or to the
         trustee or trustees under any indenture pursuant to which any
         instruments evidencing any of such Senior Debt may have been issued, as
         their respective interests may appear, for application to the payment
         of all Senior Debt remaining unpaid to the extent necessary to pay such
         Senior Debt in full in accordance with its terms, after giving effect
         to any concurrent payment or distribution to the holders of such Senior
         Debt.

                  E. In the event that the Note is declared due and payable
         before its stated maturity because of the occurrence of an Event of
         Default hereunder, the holders of the Senior Debt shall be entitled to
         receive payment in full of all amounts due with respect to all Senior
         Debt before the holder of the Note is entitled to receive any payment
         on account of the principal of, premium (if any) or interest on, or any
         repurchase, redemption or other retirement (including, without
         limitation, any defeasance) of, the Note.

                  F. The holders of Subordinated Indebtedness shall not be
         subrogated to the rights of the holders of Senior Debt to receive
         payments or distributions of assets of Borrower applicable to the
         Senior Debt.

                  G. No payments or distributions to the holders of Senior Debt
         by or on behalf of Borrower by virtue of this Agreement which otherwise
         would have been made to the holder of the Note, shall, as between
         Borrower and the holder of the Note, be deemed to be payment by
         Borrower to or on account of the Senior Debt, it being understood that
         the provisions of this paragraph are intended solely for the purpose of
         defining the relative rights of the holders of Subordinated
         Indebtedness on the one hand and the holders of Senior Debt, on the
         other hand. Nothing contained herein is intended to or shall impair, as
         between Borrower and Lender, the obligation of Borrower, which is
         absolute and unconditional, to pay to Lender, the principal of and
         interest on the Subordinated Indebtedness as and when the same shall
         become due and payable in accordance with its terms, or is intended to
         or shall affect (except to the extent specifically provided in the
         above paragraph) the relative rights of the holders hereof and
         creditors of Borrower other than the holders of the Senior Debt, nor
         shall anything herein or therein prevent any holder of the Note from
         exercising all remedies otherwise permitted by applicable law upon
         default hereunder subject to the rights, if any, hereunder of the
         holders of Senior Debt in respect of cash, property or securities of
         Borrower received upon the exercise of any such remedy.

         8.       COLLATERAL SECURITY.

         To secure the payment of all amounts due to Lender by Borrower in
connection with the Loan and pursuant to terms of this Agreement and the Sixth
Amended Note, Borrower has granted Lender a security interest in those assets
described under the following documents: (i) the Security Agreement dated
February 1, 2002 between Origen LLC and Lender, as amended from time to time,
(ii) Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated February 1, 2002 between
Origen Financial, Inc. and Lender, as amended from time to time, (iii) the
Amended and Restated Stock Pledge Agreement dated February 1, 2002 between
Origen Financial, Inc. and Lender, as amended from time to time, (iv) the
Limited Liability Company Interest Security and Pledge Agreement dated February
1, 2002 between Origen LLC and Lender, as amended from time to time, and (v) the
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Interest Security and Pledge
Agreement dated February 1, 2002 between Origen Financial, Inc. and Lender, as
amended from time to time.



                                      -6-

<PAGE>




         9.       MISCELLANEOUS.

                  A. Compliance with Lender Agreements. Borrower acknowledges
         that it has read and understands this Agreement, the Related Documents,
         and all other written agreements between Borrower and Lender, and
         Borrower agrees to fully comply with all of the agreements.

                  B. Further Action. Borrower agrees, from time to time, upon
         Lender's request to make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver to Lender,
         such further and additional instruments, documents, and agreements, and
         to take such further action as may be required to carry out the intent
         and purpose of this Agreement and prompt repayment of the Loan.

                  C. Governing Law/Partial Illegality. This Agreement and the
         Related Documents shall be interpreted and the rights of the parties
         determined under the laws of the State of Michigan. Should any part,
         term, or provision of this Agreement be adjudged illegal or in conflict
         with any law of the United States of America or State of Michigan, the
         validity of the remaining portion or provisions of the Agreement shall
         not be affected.

                  D. Writings Constitute Entire Agreement; Modifications Only in
         Writing. This Agreement together with all other written agreements
         between Borrower and Lender, including, without limitation, the Related
         Documents, constitute the entire agreement of the parties and there are
         no other agreements, express or implied. None of the parties shall be
         bound by anything not expressed in writing, and neither this Agreement
         nor the Related Documents can be modified except (i) by a writing
         executed by Borrower and by Lender, and (ii) with the prior consent of
         CSFBMC.

                  E. Successors, Assigns and Benefit. This Agreement shall inure
         to the benefit of and shall be binding upon all of the parties to this
         Agreement and their respective successors and assigns; provided
         however, that Borrower may not assign or transfer its rights or
         obligations under this Agreement without Lender's prior written
         consent. The parties hereto agree that holders of Senior Debt,
         including, without limitation, CSFBMC, are third party beneficiaries of
         this Agreement and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
         enforceable by such holders of Senior Debt.

                  F. Headings. All section and paragraph headings in this
         Agreement are included for reference only and do not constitute a part
         of this Agreement.

                  G. Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue in full
         force and effect until all of Borrower's obligations to Lender are
         fully satisfied and the Loan is fully repaid.

                  H. Counterparts; Reproductions. This Agreement may be executed
         in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and
         all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Facsimile copies
         of signatures to this Agreement shall be deemed to be originals, and
         the parties may rely upon such facsimile copies to the same extent as
         the originals.


         10. DEFINITIONS. The following words shall have the following meanings
in this Agreement:

                  A. "Change of Control Event" shall mean, with respect to
         Borrower, (a) an event or series of events by which any person, entity
         or group (as such term is used in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the
         Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the



                                      -7-

<PAGE>




         "Exchange Act")) of persons or other entities acting in concert as a
         partnership or other group (a "Group of Persons") (other than persons
         who are, or Groups of Persons entirely made up of, (i) management
         personnel of Borrower or (ii) any affiliates of any such management
         personnel) shall, as a result of a tender or exchange offer or offers,
         an open market purchase or purchases, a privately negotiated purchase
         or purchases or otherwise, become the beneficial owner (within the
         meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, except that a person or
         entity shall be deemed to have "beneficial ownership" of all securities
         that such person or entity has the right to acquire, whether such right
         is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly
         or indirectly, of 20% or more of the combined voting power of the then
         outstanding voting stock of Borrower; or (b) Borrower consolidates
         with, or merges with or into, another person or entity, or sells,
         assigns, conveys, transfers, leases or otherwise disposes of all or
         substantially all of its assets to any person or entity, or any person
         or entity consolidates with, or merges with or into Borrower, in any
         such event pursuant to a transaction in which the outstanding voting
         stock of Borrower is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities
         or other property.

                  B. "Event of Default" shall mean any of the events described
         in Section 5 of this Agreement or in the Related Documents.

                  C. "Financial Statements" shall mean all balance sheets,
         income statements, and other financial information which have been, are
         now, or in the future are furnished to Lender.

                  D. "Note" shall mean that certain line of credit promissory
         note from Borrower to Lender, in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT A,
         as amended from time to time.

                  E. "Related Documents" shall mean any and all documents,
         promissory notes, and agreements executed in connection with this
         Agreement. This term shall include documents existing before, at the
         time of execution of, and documents executed concurrent with or after
         the date of, this Agreement.


                         [signatures on following page]




                                     - 8 -

<PAGE>




         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Subordinated Term
Loan Agreement as of the date first written above.


                                       BORROWER:

                                       ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C., a Delaware
                                       limited liability company

                                       By:  /s/   Ronald A. Klein
                                          --------------------------------------

                                       Its:  Chief Executive Officer
                                             -----------------------------------

                                       LENDER:

                                       SUN COMMUNITIES OPERATING LIMITED
                                       PARTNERSHIP, a Michigan limited
                                       partnership

                                       By: Sun Communities, Inc., a Maryland
                                       corporation
                                       Its:  General Partner


                                                By:
                                                   -----------------------------

                                                Its:
                                                    ----------------------------


                                       -9-


<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Subordinated Term
Loan Agreement as of the date first written above.


                                       BORROWER:

                                       ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C., a Delaware
                                       limited liability company

                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------

                                       Its:
                                             -----------------------------------

                                       LENDER:

                                       SUN COMMUNITIES OPERATING LIMITED
                                       PARTNERSHIP, a Michigan limited
                                       partnership

                                       By: Sun Communities, Inc., a Maryland
                                       corporation
                                       Its:  General Partner


                                                By:  /s/   Gary A. Shiffman
                                                   -----------------------------

                                                Its:   Chief Executive Officer
                                                    ----------------------------


                                       -9-







</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.38
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w38.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED & RESTATED SUBORDINATED LOAN AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.38

                 FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
                           SUBORDINATED LOAN AGREEMENT

         THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SUBORDINATED LOAN
AGREEMENT (the "Amendment") is made and entered into as of December 30, 2002 by
and between ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the
"Borrower"), whose address is 260 East Brown Street, Suite 200, Birmingham,
Michigan 48009, and SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan corporation ("Lender"),
whose address is 31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145, Farmington Hills, Michigan
48334.

                                    RECITALS:

         A. Borrower and Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership ("SCOLP")
have entered into that certain Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan
Agreement dated December 4, 2002 (the "Loan Agreement"). All capitalized terms
not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan
Agreement.

         B. SCOLP assigned its interest in the Loan Agreement and the Related
Documents to Lender pursuant to an Assignment of Loans of even date herewith.

         C. Borrower and Lender desire to amend the Loan Agreement in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Amendment.

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

         1. Section 1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety
and replaced with the following Section 1:

                  "LOAN. The Line of Credit provided hereunder shall have the
         following terms:

                  Type of Loan: Line of Credit

                  Interest Rate: 700 basis points over LIBOR, but not less than
                  eleven percent (11%) per annum, or in excess of fifteen
                  percent (15%) per annum

                  Note Amount: $48,000,000

                  Maturity: December 31, 2003; provided that the due date shall
                  be automatically extended to December 31, 2004 if the Master
                  Repurchase Agreement between Borrower and Credit Suisse First
                  Boston Mortgage Capital LLC dated December 18, 2001, as
                  amended from time to time (the "CSFB Agreement"), is renewed
                  on terms acceptable to Lender as of the expiration of the CSFB
                  Agreement in May 2003.

         The Loan and any amendments, extensions, renewals, or refinancing
         thereof are subject to this Agreement."

         2. Upon the execution of this Amendment, Borrower shall execute and
deliver to Lender a Seventh Amended and Restated Promissory Note in the form
attached to this Amendment as EXHIBIT A (the "Seventh Amended Note"). The
Seventh Amended Note shall replace the Sixth Amended and Restated Promissory
Note dated December 4, 2002 executed by Borrower in favor of SCOLP in connection
with the Loan Agreement. All references in the Loan Agreement to the "Sixth
Amended Note" are hereby amended to be the "Seventh Amended Note."





<PAGE>


         3. Upon the execution of this Amendment, Borrower shall pay Lender an
origination fee of $___________________.

         4. Unless otherwise modified by this Amendment, all provisions of the
Loan Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

         5. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each
of which shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and
the same agreement. Facsimile or photographic reproductions of this Amendment
may be made and relied upon to the same extent as though such fax or copy were
an original.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this First Amendment to
Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement as of the date first
written above.

                                            BORROWER:

                                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware
                                            limited liability company

                                            By:  /s/  Ronald A. Klein
                                               ---------------------------------

                                            Its:  Chief Executive Officer
                                                --------------------------------


                                            LENDER:

                                            SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan
                                            corporation

                                            By:
                                               ---------------------------------

                                            Its:
                                                  ------------------------------






                                      -2-


<PAGE>




         3. Upon the execution of this Amendment, Borrower shall pay Lender an
origination fee of $___________________.

         4. Unless otherwise modified by this Amendment, all provisions of the
Loan Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

         5. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each
of which shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and
the same agreement. Facsimile or photographic reproductions of this Amendment
may be made and relied upon to the same extent as though such fax or copy were
an original.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this First Amendment to
Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement as of the date first
written above.

                                            BORROWER:

                                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware
                                            limited liability company

                                            By:
                                               ---------------------------------

                                            Its:
                                                --------------------------------


                                            LENDER:

                                            SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan
                                            corporation

                                            By:  /s/  Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                               ---------------------------------

                                            Its:  Chief Financial Officer
                                                  ------------------------------






                                      -2-





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.39
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w39.txt
<DESCRIPTION>1ST AMENDMENT TO SUBORDINATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>





                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.39



               FIRST AMENDMENT TO SUBORDINATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT


         THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO SUBORDINATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT (the
"Amendment") is made and entered into as of December 30, 2002 by and between
ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the "Borrower"),
whose address is 260 East Brown Street, Suite 200, Birmingham, Michigan 48009,
and SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan corporation ("Lender"), whose address is
31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48334.

                                    RECITALS:

         A. Borrower and Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership ("SCOLP")
have entered into that certain Subordinated Term Loan Agreement dated December
4, 2002 (the "Loan Agreement"). All capitalized terms not defined in this
Amendment shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement.

         B. SCOLP assigned its interest in the Loan Agreement and the Related
Documents to Lender pursuant to an Assignment of Loans of even date herewith.

         C. Borrower and Lender desire to amend the Loan Agreement in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Amendment.

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

         1. "Lender" shall mean Sun Home Services, Inc., a Michigan corporation,
as assignee of SCOLP.

         2. Upon the execution of this Amendment, Borrower shall execute and
deliver to Lender a First Amended and Restated Term Promissory Note in the form
attached to this Amendment as EXHIBIT A (the "First Amended Note"). The First
Amended Note shall replace the Term Promissory Note dated December 4, 2002
executed by Borrower in favor of SCOLP in connection with the Loan Agreement.
All references in the Loan Agreement to the "Note" are hereby amended to be the
"First Amended Note."

         3. Unless otherwise modified by this Amendment, all provisions of the
Loan Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

         4. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each
of which shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and
the same agreement. Facsimile or photographic reproductions of this Amendment
may be made and relied upon to the same extent as though such fax or copy were
an original.



                            [signature page attached]


<PAGE>





         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this First Amendment to
Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement as of the date first
written above.

                                             BORROWER:

                                             ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware
                                             limited liability company

                                             By:    /s/  Ronald A. Klein
                                                  ------------------------------

                                             Its:   Chief Executive Officer
                                                    ----------------------------


                                             LENDER:

                                             SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan
                                             corporation

                                             By:
                                                --------------------------------

                                             Its:
                                                 -------------------------------




                                      -2-



<PAGE>






         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this First Amendment to
Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement as of the date first
written above.

                                             BORROWER:

                                             ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware
                                             limited liability company

                                             By:
                                                  ------------------------------

                                             Its:
                                                    ----------------------------


                                             LENDER:

                                             SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan
                                             corporation

                                             By:    /s/  Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                                --------------------------------

                                             Its:  Chief Financial Officer
                                                 -------------------------------



                                      -2-


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.40
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w40.txt
<DESCRIPTION>7TH AMENDED & RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>






                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.40


                  SEVENTH AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE
                                (Line of Credit)


DUE DATE: DECEMBER 31, 2003                                    DETROIT, MICHIGAN
CREDIT LIMIT: $48,000,000                         DATED: AS OF DECEMBER 30, 2002

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware limited
liability company (the "Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of SUN HOME
SERVICES, INC., a Michigan corporation ("Lender"), at 31700 Middlebelt Road,
Suite 145, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48334, or at such other place as Lender
may designate in writing, the principal sum of FORTY EIGHT MILLION DOLLARS
($48,000,000) (the "Credit Limit"), or such lesser sum as shall have been
advanced by Lender to Borrower under the loan account hereinafter described,
plus interest as hereinafter provided, all in lawful money of the United States
of America, in accordance with the terms hereof. This Note is subject to the
terms of that certain Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement
between Borrower and Lender (as assignee of Sun Communities Operating Limited
Partnership) dated December 4, 2002, as amended by the First Amendment to Second
Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement between Borrower and Lender of
even date herewith (the "Line of Credit Loan Agreement"), the terms of which are
incorporated herein by reference.

         DUE DATE. The "Due Date" of this Note shall be December 31, 2003;
provided that the due date shall be automatically extended to December 31, 2004
if the Master Repurchase Agreement between Borrower and Credit Suisse First
Boston Mortgage Capital LLC dated December 18, 2001, as amended from time to
time (the "CSFB Agreement"), is renewed on terms acceptable to Lender as of the
expiration of the CSFB Agreement in May 2003.

         ADVANCES. This Note is given as evidence of any and all indebtedness of
the Borrower to Lender arising as a result of advances or other credit which may
be made under this Note from time to time. Lender shall, from time to time prior
to the Due Date, make advances to Borrower hereunder upon request therefor by
Borrower, provided that upon giving effect to such advance no Event of Default
(as hereinafter defined) and no event which with notice and/or the passage of
time would become an Event of Default shall exist, and that all representations
and warranties of Borrower theretofore made are true and correct and that Lender
shall not have previously or concurrently declared all amounts owing hereunder
to be immediately due and payable and that the amount requested shall not cause
the total amount outstanding hereunder to exceed Credit Limit. Advances
hereunder may be requested by telephone, in writing or in any other manner
acceptable to Lender. The principal amount of indebtedness owing pursuant to
this Note shall change from time to time decreasing in amounts equal to any and
all payments of principal made by the Borrower and increasing by amounts equal
to any and all advances made by Lender to the Borrower pursuant to the terms
hereof. The books and records of Lender shall be conclusive evidence of the
amount of principal and interest owing hereunder at any time, unless Lender
receives a written statement of exceptions from Borrower within ten (10) days
after such statement has been furnished. From time to time but not less than
quarterly, Lender shall furnish Borrower a statement of Borrower's loan account.

         INTEREST. The unpaid principal balance of this Note shall bear
interest, computed on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of
days elapsed in a month, at a rate of interest of 700 basis points over LIBOR
(the "Rate"), which Rate shall not be less than 11% per annum or exceed 15% per
annum (the Rate shall be adjusted for purposes of this Note on the last day of
every fiscal quarter





<PAGE>


beginning on December 31, 2002), until the entire principal balance of this
Note, and all accrued and unpaid interest has been paid in full.

         PAYMENT. Accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal balance of
this Note from time to time shall be due and payable monthly, in arrears, on the
last day of each consecutive month until the Due Date. The remaining principal
balance shall be due and payable on the Due Date, along with any accrued and
unpaid interest as of the Due Date.

         All payments made hereunder shall be applied first against costs and
expenses required to be paid hereunder, then against accrued interest to the
extent thereof and the balance shall be applied against the outstanding
principal amount hereof. Borrower expressly assumes all risks of loss or delay
in the delivery of any payments made by mail, and no course of conduct or
dealing shall affect Borrower's assumption of these risks.

         DEFAULT. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, as defined in the
Amended Loan Agreement, the entire unpaid principal balance and all accrued and
unpaid interest owing under this Note shall, at Lender's option, be immediately
due and payable, together with costs and attorneys fees reasonably incurred by
Lender in collecting or enforcing payment.

         Acceptance by Lender of any payment in an amount less than the amount
then due shall be deemed an acceptance on account only, and Borrower's failure
to pay the entire amount then due shall be and continue to be a default. Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, neither the failure of Lender promptly
to exercise its right to declare the outstanding principal and accrued unpaid
interest hereunder to be immediately due and payable, nor the failure of Lender
to demand strict performance of any other obligation of Borrower or any other
person who may be liable hereunder, shall constitute a waiver of any such
rights, nor a waiver of such rights in connection with any future default on the
part of Borrower or any other person who may be liable hereunder.

         INTEREST RATE LIMITED TO MAXIMUM RATE. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, in no event shall Borrower be required to pay a rate of
interest in excess of the Maximum Rate. The term "Maximum Rate" shall mean the
maximum non-usurious rate of interest that Lender is allowed to contract for,
charge, take, reserve or receive under the applicable laws of any applicable
state or of the United States of America (whichever from time to time permits
the highest rate for the use, forbearance or detention of money) after taking
into account, to the extent required by applicable law, any and all relevant
payments or charges hereunder, or under any other document or instrument
executed and delivered in connection herewith and the indebtedness evidenced
hereby.

         In the event Lender ever receives, as interest, any amount in excess of
the Maximum Rate, such amount as would be excessive interest shall be deemed a
partial prepayment of principal, and, if the principal hereof is paid in full,
any remaining excess shall be returned to Borrower. In determining whether or
not the interest paid or payable, under any specified contingency, exceeds the
Maximum Rate, Borrower and Lender shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law,
(a) characterize any non-principal payment as an expense, fee, or premium rather
than as interest; (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof; and
(c) amortize, prorate, allocate and spread the total amount of


                                      -2-

<PAGE>


interest through and including the Due Date (including the period of any
extension or renewal thereof) so that the interest on account of such
indebtedness shall not exceed the Maximum Rate.

         SUCCESSORS/ASSIGNS. This Note shall be binding upon Borrower and its
successors and assigns, and the benefits hereof shall inure to Lender and its
successors and assigns.

         GENERAL. Borrower and all endorsees, sureties and guarantors hereof
hereby jointly and severally waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of
non-payment, notice of protest or protest of this Note, and Lender diligence in
collection or bringing suit, and do hereby consent to any and all extensions of
time, renewals, waivers or modifications as may be granted by Lender with
respect to payment or any other provisions of this Note. The liability of
Borrower under this Note shall be absolute and unconditional, without regard to
the liability of any other party.

         This Note has been executed in the State of Michigan, and all rights
and obligations hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Michigan.

         To secure the payment of all amounts due to Lender by Borrower in
connection with the loan evidenced by this Note and pursuant to terms of the
Line of Credit Loan Agreement and this Note, Borrower has granted Lender a
security interest in the assets described under the following documents: (i) the
First Amended and Restated Security Agreement of even date herewith between
Borrower and Lender, as amended from time to time, (ii) the Second Amended and
Restated Stock Pledge Agreement of even date herewith between Borrower and
Lender, as amended from time to time, and (iii) the First Amended and Restated
Limited Liability Company Interest Security and Pledge Agreement of even date
herewith between Borrower and Lender, as amended from time to time.

         This Note is an amendment to and restatement of that certain Sixth
Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated December 4, 2002 executed by Borrower
in favor of Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership (the "Prior Note"),
and this Note amends, supersedes and replaces the Prior Note.

                                             BORROWER:

                                             ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware
                                             limited liability company

                                             By:   /s/ Ronald A. Klein
                                                --------------------------------

                                             Its:  Chief Executive Officer
                                                 -------------------------------





                                      -3-


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.41
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w41.txt
<DESCRIPTION>1ST AMENDED & RESTATED TERM PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>



                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.41





                FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM PROMISSORY NOTE


DUE DATE: DECEMBER 31, 2003                                    DETROIT, MICHIGAN
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT: $10,000,000                     DATED: AS OF DECEMBER 30, 2002

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware limited
liability company (the "Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of SUN HOME
SERVICES, INC., a Michigan corporation ("Lender"), at 31700 Middlebelt Road,
Suite 145, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48334, or at such other place as Lender
may designate in writing, the principal sum of TEN MILLION AND NO/100 DOLLARS
($10,000,000), plus interest as hereinafter provided, all in lawful money of the
United States of America, in accordance with the terms hereof. This Note is
subject to the terms of that certain Subordinated Term Loan Agreement between
Borrower and Lender (as assignee of Sun Communities Operating Limited
Partnership) dated December 4, 2002, as amended by the First Amendment to
Subordinated Term Loan Agreement between Borrower and Lender of even date
herewith (the "Term Loan Agreement"), the terms of which are incorporated herein
by reference.

         DUE DATE. The "Due Date" of this Note shall be December 31, 2003;
provided that the due date shall be automatically extended to December 31, 2004
if the Master Repurchase Agreement between Borrower and Credit Suisse First
Boston Mortgage Capital LLC dated December 18, 2001, as amended from time to
time (the "CSFB Agreement") is renewed on terms acceptable to Lender as of the
expiration of the CSFB Agreement in May 2003.

         INTEREST. The unpaid principal balance of this Note shall bear
interest, computed on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of
days elapsed in a month, at a rate of interest of 700 basis points over LIBOR
(the "Rate"), which Rate shall not be less than 11% per annum or exceed 15% per
annum (the Rate shall be adjusted for purposes of this Note on the last day of
every fiscal quarter beginning on December 31, 2002), until the entire principal
balance of this Note, and all accrued and unpaid interest has been paid in full.

         PAYMENT. Accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal balance of
this Note from time to time shall be due and payable monthly, in arrears, on the
last day of each consecutive month until the Due Date. The remaining principal
balance shall be due and payable on the Due Date, along with any accrued and
unpaid interest as of the Due Date.

         This Note may be paid in full or in part at any time without payment of
any prepayment fee or penalty. All payments received hereunder shall, at the
option of Lender, first be applied against accrued and unpaid interest and the
balance against principal. Borrower expressly assumes all risks of loss or delay
in the delivery of any payments made by mail, and no course of conduct or
dealing shall affect Borrower's assumption of these risks.

         All payments made hereunder shall be applied first against costs and
expenses required to be paid hereunder, then against accrued interest to the
extent thereof and the balance shall be applied against the outstanding
principal amount hereof. Borrower expressly assumes all risks of loss or delay




<PAGE>


in the delivery of any payments made by mail, and no course of conduct or
dealing shall affect Borrower's assumption of these risks.

         DEFAULT. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, as defined in the
Loan Agreement, the entire unpaid principal balance and all accrued and unpaid
interest owing under this Note shall, at Lender's option, be immediately due and
payable, together with costs and attorneys fees reasonably incurred by Lender in
collecting or enforcing payment.

         Acceptance by Lender of any payment in an amount less than the amount
then due shall be deemed an acceptance on account only, and Borrower's failure
to pay the entire amount then due shall be and continue to be a default. Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, neither the failure of Lender promptly
to exercise its right to declare the outstanding principal and accrued unpaid
interest hereunder to be immediately due and payable, nor the failure of Lender
to demand strict performance of any other obligation of Borrower or any other
person who may be liable hereunder, shall constitute a waiver of any such
rights, nor a waiver of such rights in connection with any future default on the
part of Borrower or any other person who may be liable hereunder.

         INTEREST RATE LIMITED TO MAXIMUM RATE. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, in no event shall Borrower be required to pay a rate of
interest in excess of the Maximum Rate. The term "Maximum Rate" shall mean the
maximum non-usurious rate of interest that Lender is allowed to contract for,
charge, take, reserve or receive under the applicable laws of any applicable
state or of the United States of America (whichever from time to time permits
the highest rate for the use, forbearance or detention of money) after taking
into account, to the extent required by applicable law, any and all relevant
payments or charges hereunder, or under any other document or instrument
executed and delivered in connection herewith and the indebtedness evidenced
hereby.

         In the event Lender ever receives, as interest, any amount in excess of
the Maximum Rate, such amount as would be excessive interest shall be deemed a
partial prepayment of principal, and, if the principal hereof is paid in full,
any remaining excess shall be returned to Borrower. In determining whether or
not the interest paid or payable, under any specified contingency, exceeds the
Maximum Rate, Borrower and Lender shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law,
(a) characterize any non-principal payment as an expense, fee, or premium rather
than as interest; (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof; and
(c) amortize, prorate, allocate and spread the total amount of interest through
and including the Due Date (including the period of any extension or renewal
thereof) so that the interest on account of such indebtedness shall not exceed
the Maximum Rate.

         SUCCESSORS/ASSIGNS. This Note shall be binding upon Borrower and its
successors and assigns, and the benefits hereof shall inure to Lender and its
successors and assigns.

         GENERAL. Borrower and all endorsees, sureties and guarantors hereof
hereby jointly and severally waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of
non-payment, notice of protest or protest of this Note, and Lender diligence in
collection or bringing suit, and do hereby consent to any and all extensions of
time, renewals, waivers or modifications as may be granted by Lender with
respect to



                                      -2-


<PAGE>


payment or any other provisions of this Note. The liability of Borrower under
this Note shall be absolute and unconditional, without regard to the liability
of any other party.

         This Note has been executed in the State of Michigan, and all rights
and obligations hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Michigan.

         To secure the payment of all amounts due to Lender by Borrower in
connection with the loan evidenced by this Note and pursuant to terms of the
Term Loan Agreement and this Note, Borrower has granted Lender a security
interest in the assets described under the following documents: (i) the First
Amended and Restated Security Agreement of even date herewith between Borrower
and Lender, as amended from time to time, (ii) the Second Amended and Restated
Stock Pledge Agreement of even date herewith between Borrower and Lender, as
amended from time to time, and (iii) the First Amended and Restated Limited
Liability Company Interest Security and Pledge Agreement of even date herewith
between Borrower and Lender, as amended from time to time.

         This Note is an amendment to and restatement of that certain Term
Promissory Note dated December 4, 2002 executed by Borrower in favor of Sun
Communities Operating Limited Partnership (the "Prior Note"), and this Note
amends, supersedes and replaces the Prior Note.

                                            BORROWER:

                                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware
                                            limited liability company

                                            By:   /s/ Ronald A. Klein
                                               --------------------------------

                                            Its:  Chief Executive Officer
                                                -------------------------------



                                      -3-


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.42
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w42.txt
<DESCRIPTION>1ST AMENDED & RESTATED SECURITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.42


                 FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY AGREEMENT

         THIS FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY AGREEMENT (as amended from
time to time, the "Agreement") is entered into as of December 30, 2002 by and
between ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company whose
address is 260 E. Brown Street, Suite 200, Birmingham, Michigan 48009
("Borrower") and SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan corporation whose address
is 31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145, Farmington Hills, MI 48334 ("Secured
Party").

                                    RECITALS:

         A. Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership ("SCOLP") made a line
of credit (the "Line of Credit") available to Borrower for up to $27,500,000
pursuant to a Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement dated
December 4, 2002 between Borrower and SCOLP (the "Original Line of Credit Loan
Agreement") and a Sixth Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated December 4,
2002 in the original principal amount of $27,500,000 delivered by Borrower to
SCOLP (the "Original Line of Credit Note").

         B. SCOLP made a term loan (the "Term Loan") in the amount of
$10,000,000 to Borrower pursuant to a Subordinated Term Loan Agreement dated
December 4, 2002 between SCOLP and Borrower (the "Original Term Loan Agreement")
and a Term Promissory Note dated December 4, 2002 in the original principal
amount of $10,000,000 delivered by Borrower to SCOLP (the "Original Term Loan
Note").

         C. SCOLP assigned its interest in the Line of Credit, the Term Loan,
the Original Line of Credit Loan Agreement, the Original Line of Credit Note,
the Original Term Loan Agreement, the Original Term Loan Note and related
documents to Secured Party pursuant to an Assignment of Loans of even date
herewith.

         D. Borrower and Secured Party have entered into the First Amendment to
Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement of even date herewith
(together with the Original Line of Credit Loan Agreement as it may further be
amended from time to time, the "Line of Credit Loan Agreement") and Borrower has
delivered to Secured Party the Seventh Amended and Restated Promissory Note of
even date herewith (as it may further be amended from time to time, the "Seventh
Amended Line of Credit Note"), pursuant to which the credit limit of the Line of
Credit has been increased to $48,000,000.

         E. Borrower and Secured Party have entered into a First Amendment to
Subordinated Term Loan Agreement of even date herewith (together with the
Original Term Loan Agreement as it may further be amended from time to time, the
"Term Loan Agreement") and Borrower has delivered to Secured Party the First
Amended and Restated Term Promissory Note of even date herewith (as it may
further be amended from time to time, the "First Amended Term Loan Note"),
pursuant to which Secured Party is reflected as the lender.

         F. To secure the payment of all amounts due to SCOLP by Borrower in
connection with the Line of Credit and to secure all of Borrower's other
obligations to SCOLP of any nature,



<PAGE>




Borrower and SCOLP entered into a Security Agreement dated February 1, 2002 (the
"Original Security Agreement").

         G. To secure the payment of all amounts due to Secured Party by
Borrower in connection with the Line of Credit and the Term Loan and pursuant to
terms of the Line of Credit Loan Agreement, the Seventh Amended Line of Credit
Note, the Term Loan Agreement and the First Amended Term Loan Note and to secure
all of Borrower's other obligations to Secured Party of any nature now or in the
future owing from Borrower to Secured Party (the "Obligations"), Borrower and
Secured Party desire to amend and restate the Original Security Agreement in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

         THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as follows:

         1. DEFINITIONS. Unless otherwise defined herein, the following terms
shall have the following meanings:

         (a) "Accounts" means all "accounts", as such term is defined in the
         Code, in which Borrower now or hereafter has any right, title or
         interest.

         (b) "Books" means all books, records and correspondence relating to the
         Collateral (as defined herein).

         (c) "Chattel Paper" means any and all "chattel paper", as such term is
         defined in the Code, in which Borrower now or hereafter has any right,
         title or interest.

         (d) "Code" means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may from time
         to time be in effect in the State of Michigan.

         (e) "Contracts" means any and all contracts, instruments, undertakings,
         documents, leases or other agreements in or under which Borrower may
         now or hereafter has any right, title or interest and which pertain to
         the purchase, lease, sale or other disposition by Borrower of any
         Inventory, Equipment, Fixtures, real property or any interest in real
         property, as any of the same may from time to time be amended,
         supplemented or otherwise modified.

         (f) "Current Accounts" means an Account that arises from a bona fide
         outright sale of goods by Borrower, or from services performed by
         Borrower that is not subject to any claim of reduction, counterclaim,
         set-off, allowances, adjustments, or the like, and is not outstanding
         more than 60 days from the date of its invoice.

         (g) "Documents" means any and all "documents" and "instruments", as
         such terms are defined in the Code, in which Borrower now or hereafter
         has any right, title or interest.

         (h) "Equipment" means all "equipment", as such term is defined in the
         Code, in which Borrower now or hereafter has any right, title or
         interest.

         (i) "Fixtures" means, to the extent not otherwise included as
         Equipment, all machinery, apparatus, equipment, fittings, fixtures,
         furniture and furnishings in which Borrower now or


                                       2

<PAGE>




         hereafter has any right, title or interest located upon or affixed to
         or which becomes affixed to any real property owned or leased by
         Borrower, or any part thereof, and used or usable in connection with
         any future occupancy or use of such premises, including replacements
         and additions thereto.

         (j) "General Intangibles" means all "general intangibles", as such term
         is defined in the Code, in which Borrower now or hereafter has any
         right, title or interest. General Intangibles shall also include all
         equity interests of Borrower in other entities, including but not
         limited to membership interest in Origen Insurance Agency, L.L.C.,
         Origen Manufactured Home Financial, L.L.C., Origen Special Purpose,
         L.L.C., Origen Special Purpose II, L.L.C., and Origen Financial of
         South Dakota, L.L.C. and Origen Credit L.L.C.

         (k) "Inventory" means all "inventory", as such term is defined in the
         Code, in which Borrower now or hereafter has any right, title or
         interest.

         (l) "Loans" means any loan originated by or acquired by Borrower,
         whether an original loan, an additional loan or a substitution for an
         existing loan including all indebtedness of any Borrower with respect
         to such loans or any collateral pledge with respect to such loans
         including but not limited to any manufactured homes, together with all
         other collateral provided as security for such loans; servicing
         agreements, backup servicing agreements, servicing records, insurance,
         guarantees, indemnitees, and warranties and proceeds thereof, financing
         statements and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character
         from time to time relating to the loans, income if any from the loans,
         all hedges, all insured closing letters, all escrow instructions
         covering all or any of the loans, all collections from such loans, all
         blocked accounts and all amounts and deposits therein, all collection
         accounts and escrow accounts relating to any loan, all dealer financing
         agreements, all loan agreements, all loan documents, all consignment
         agreements, sale contracts, security agreements, the right to payment
         of interest or finance charges and collateral securing such
         obligations, and any other rights and other assets relating to such
         loans or any interest in the loans, whether constituting real or
         personal property, accounts, chattel paper, equipment, goods,
         instruments, general intangibles, inventory or proceeds, or securities
         backed by or representing an interest in such loans and any and all
         replacements, substitutions, distributions on or proceeds of any and
         all of the foregoing.

         (m) "Proceeds" means all "proceeds", as such term is defined in the
         Code.

         2. SECURITY INTEREST. Borrower hereby grants to Secured Party a
continuing security interest in all of its right, title and interest in, to and
under all Accounts, Current Accounts, Books, Chattel Paper, Contracts,
Documents, Equipment, Fixtures, General Intangibles, Inventory, Loans and
Proceeds (collectively, the "Collateral"). This grant is made for the purpose of
securing the Obligations owing by Borrower to Secured Party. Borrower promises
punctually to pay the Obligations when it is so required in accordance with the
obligations and any note or agreement evidencing the Obligations, including the
Seventh Amended Line of Credit Note and the First Amended Term Loan Note.




                                       3

<PAGE>




         3. SUBORDINATION. The security interests in the Collateral granted to
Secured Party may be subordinate to and subject to liens or security interests
which the holders of Senior Debt (as defined in the Line of Credit Loan
Agreement and the Term Loan Agreement) may now or hereafter have in the
Collateral as a result of any indebtedness of Borrower comprising the Senior
Debt. If subordinated, such subordination shall be evidenced within the
provisions of the Line of Credit Loan Agreement and the Term Loan Agreement,
and, if required by the holders of the Senior Debt, in a separate written
subordination agreement between the Secured Party and the holders of the Senior
Debt.

         4. WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS. Borrower represents, warrants and
covenants to Secured Party as follows:

                  (a) Except for the security interests granted hereby and any
         other security interests authorized by this Agreement or any other
         agreement between Borrower and Secured Party, Borrower is, or, as to
         Collateral to be acquired by Borrower after the date hereof, will be,
         the owner of the Collateral free from any adverse lien, security
         interest or encumbrance other than those identified on the attached
         EXHIBIT A; and Borrower agrees to defend the Collateral and proceeds
         thereof against any claims and demands of all persons at any time
         claiming the same or any interest therein.

                  (b) The security interests hereby created are valid and
         Borrower has the authority and right to subject the Collateral to the
         security interests hereby created.

                  (c) All financial statements, certificates and other
         information concerning the financial condition of Borrower, and
         proceeds hereafter furnished by Borrower to Secured Party shall be in
         all respects true and correct at the time the same are provided and
         shall be deemed, for all purposes, to have been furnished by Borrower
         to Secured Party for the purpose of obtaining credit or an extension of
         credit.

                  (d) This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by a
         duly authorized officer of Borrower and constitutes the legal, valid
         and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its
         terms.

                  (e) Borrower does not conduct Borrower's business under any
         other name than that given above, and agrees not to change or
         reorganize the business entity under which it does business except upon
         the Secured Party's prior written approval.

                  (f) There are no actions or proceedings either threatened or
         pending against Borrower which might result in any material adverse
         change in Borrower's financial condition or materially affect any of
         Borrower's assets.

                  (g) Borrower's place of business or, if more than one, its
         chief executive office, is as set forth on the first page of this
         Agreement.

All of Borrower's warranties contained in this Section 4 shall be continuing
warranties until Borrower has no remaining Obligations to Secured Party.



                                       4

<PAGE>




         5. LOSS OR DEPRECIATION OF COLLATERAL. Borrower shall immediately
notify Secured Party of any event causing a material loss or depreciation in
value of Collateral and the amount of such loss or depreciation.

         6. RECORDS, INSPECTION, AUDIT AND COVENANT FOR FURTHER ASSURANCES.

                  (a) At the request of Secured Party, Borrower will advise
         Secured Party of the places where its books of Accounts and records,
         including all records of the Collateral and the dispositions made
         thereof by Borrower and of its Accounts and all collections thereon,
         are kept and maintained.

                  (b) Borrower will keep and maintain such books and records
         with respect to the Collateral as Secured Party may from time to time
         reasonably prescribe for the purpose of enabling Secured Party to audit
         the same.

                  (c) Borrower shall at all reasonable times and from time to
         time allow Secured Party, by or through any of its agents, attorneys or
         accountants, to examine or inspect the Collateral wherever located and
         to examine, inspect and make extracts from Borrower's books and
         records. Borrower shall do, make, execute and deliver all such
         additional and further acts, things, deeds, assurances and instruments
         as Secured Party may reasonably require, to assure to Secured Party its
         rights hereunder.

         7. PRESERVATION AND DISPOSITION OF THE COLLATERAL AND PROCEEDS.

                  (a) Borrower will keep the Collateral in good condition and
         will not waste or destroy any of the same. Borrower will not use the
         Collateral in violation of any statute or ordinance.

                  (b) Borrower will pay promptly when due all taxes, assessments
         and governmental charges upon or against the Collateral before the same
         become delinquent and before penalties accrue thereon.

                  (c) At its option, Secured Party may discharge taxes, liens,
         other encumbrances or security interests not otherwise authorized by
         this Agreement or any other agreement between Borrower and Secured
         Party at any time levied or placed on the Collateral and may pay for
         the maintenance and preservation of the Collateral. Borrower agrees to
         reimburse Secured Party, on demand, for any payment made or any expense
         incurred by Secured Party pursuant to the foregoing authorization.

                  (d) Borrower, at its own expense, shall keep all of the
         Collateral fully insured against loss or damage by fire, theft,
         explosion, business interruption, and all other risks, in such amounts,
         with such companies, under such policies, and in such form as shall be
         satisfactory to Secured Party.

                  (e) Borrower, unless in default, may use, consume and sell
         Inventory in carrying on its business in the ordinary course; but a
         sale in the ordinary course of business shall not include any transfer
         or sale in satisfaction, partial or complete, of a debt owed by
         Borrower.



                                       5

<PAGE>




         Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of Secured Party,
         otherwise sell or dispose of the Collateral or any portion thereof.

         8. COLLECTIONS. In the absence of contrary instructions from Secured
Party, Borrower at its own expense shall take all necessary action promptly to
collect its Accounts and Loans. Upon an Event of Default, as such term is
defined in the Loan Agreement, and when and to the extent required by Secured
Party, Borrower shall (a) pay or deliver all cash proceeds of Accounts and Loans
to Secured Party immediately upon receipt in the exact form received without
commingling with other property, or (b) immediately upon receipt, deposit all
such proceeds in a collateral collection account established and controlled by
Secured Party at a financial institution of its choosing, and/or (c) notify
account borrowers that their accounts, Loans and/or contract rights (to the
extent included in Accounts) have been assigned to Secured Party and shall be
paid directly to Secured Party. At its option, at any time after an Event of
Default and at Borrower's expense, Secured Party may, in addition to its other
rights hereunder, sue, compromise on terms it considers proper, endorse, sell or
otherwise deal with the Accounts and Loans and proceeds of any Collateral either
in its own name or that of Borrower. After deduction of any expenses, including,
without limitation, attorneys fees and expenses, to the extent permitted under
applicable law, all proceeds received by Secured Party may be applied by Secured
Party to payment of any Obligations, if due, whether at maturity, by
acceleration or otherwise, in such order as Secured Party may choose. At any
time and from time to time, Secured Party may make like application of the
balance of the collateral collection account or it may release all or a part of
the balance to Borrower.

         9. ASSIGNMENTS, INVOICES AND INFORMATION. At Secured Party's request,
Borrower shall:

                  (a) give Secured Party assignments in the form specified by
         Secured Party of specific Accounts and Loans as the Accounts and Loans
         arise;

                  (b) furnish Secured Party with the original or a copy of
         invoices, and contracts applicable to each Account and Loan noting
         thereon, if Secured Party so requires, Secured Party's assignment and
         any additional statement required; and/or

                  (c) notify Secured Party immediately if any Account or Loan
         arises out of a contract with the United States or any of its agencies
         and take any action required by Secured Party with reference to the
         Federal Assignment of Claims Act.


         10. NOTATION OF ASSIGNMENT, INFORMATION AND PAYMENT OF ACCOUNTS. When
and to the extent required by Secured Party, Borrower shall:

                  (a) mark records of Accounts, Loans and contract rights (to
         the extent included in Accounts) in a manner satisfactory to Secured
         Party to show Secured Party's interest therein;

                  (b) furnish to Secured Party satisfactory evidence of
         performance of contracts and Loans; and



                                       6

<PAGE>




                  (c) give Secured Party lists of account borrowers (showing
         names, addresses and amounts owing) and such other data concerning its
         Accounts and Loans as Secured Party may from time to time specify.

         11.      FINANCING STATEMENTS; PERFECTION.

                  (a) Borrower irrevocably authorizes Secured Party to prepare
         and file any financing statement, amendments, continuations, and all
         other documents, as Secured Party deems necessary to perfect and
         maintain the security interest and lien granted herein. This
         authorization shall remain in full force and effect and may be relied
         on by Secured Party as long as any Obligations remain outstanding.

                  (b) Borrower agrees to promptly execute and deliver to Secured
         Party, concurrently with this Agreement and at any time thereafter, at
         Secured Party's request, all financing statements, assignments,
         promissory notes, certificates of title, affidavits, reports, notices,
         schedules of Accounts, designations of Inventory, letters of authority,
         stock certificates and any and all other documents and agreements, in
         form satisfactory to Secured Party, to perfect and maintain its
         security interest in the Collateral.

                  (c) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or any
         other agreement between Borrower and Secured Party, without the prior
         written consent of Secured Party, Borrower will not allow or suffer any
         adverse financing statement covering the Collateral, or any portion
         thereof, to be on file in any public office.

         12. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. Upon the occurrence of any Event of
Default, and at any time thereafter, Secured Party shall have the rights and
remedies of a secured party under the Code in addition to the rights and
remedies provided herein or in any other instrument or agreement executed by
Borrower.

         Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Borrower expressly
agrees that in any such event Secured Party, without demand of performance or
other demand, advertisement or notice of any kind (except the notice specified
below of time and place of public or private sale) to or upon Borrower or any
other person (all and each of which demands, advertisements and/or notices are
hereby expressly waived), may forthwith collect, receive, appropriate and
realize upon the Collateral, or any part thereof, and/or may forthwith sell,
lease, assign, give an option or options to purchase or sell or otherwise
dispose of and deliver the Collateral (or contract to do so), or any part
thereof, in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any
exchange broker's board or at any of Secured Party's offices or elsewhere at
such prices as Secured Party may deem best, for cash or on credit or for future
delivery without assumption of any credit risk. Secured Party shall have the
right upon any such public sale or sales and, to the extent permitted by law,
upon any such private sale or sales, to purchase the whole or any part of the
Collateral so sold, free of any right of equity of redemption, which equity of
redemption Borrower hereby releases. Secured Party may require Borrower to
assemble the Collateral and proceeds and make them available to Secured Party at
a place to be designated by Secured Party which is reasonably convenient to all
parties.

         Secured Party shall apply the net proceeds of any such collection,
recovery, receipt, appropriation, realization or sale after deducting all
reasonable costs and expenses of every kind



                                       7

<PAGE>




incurred therein or incidental to the care, safe-keeping or otherwise of any or
all of the Collateral or in any way relating to the rights of Secured Party
hereunder, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and
expenses, to the payment in whole or in part of the Obligations, in such order
as Secured Party may elect, Borrower remaining liable for any deficiency
remaining unpaid after such application, and only after so paying over such net
proceeds and after the payment by Secured Party of any other amount required by
any provision of law, need Secured Party account for the surplus, if any, to
Borrower. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower waives all claims,
damages and demands against Secured Party arising out of the repossession,
retention or sale of the Collateral. Unless the Collateral is perishable or
threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a
recognized market, Secured Party will give Borrower reasonable notice of the
time and place of any public sale thereof or of the time after which any private
sale or other intended disposition thereof is to be made. The requirement of
reasonable notice shall be met if such notice is mailed, postage prepaid, to the
address of Borrower, at least ten (10) days before the time of the sale or
disposition. Borrower shall pay to Secured Party on demand any and all expenses,
including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, to the
extent permitted under applicable law, incurred or paid by Secured Party in
protecting or enforcing the Obligations and other rights of Secured Party
hereunder including its rights to take possession of Collateral and proceeds
thereof.

         13. SECURED PARTY'S APPOINTMENT AS ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. Borrower hereby
irrevocably constitutes and appoints Secured Party, with full power of
substitution, as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full power and
authority in the place and stead of Borrower and in the name of Borrower or in
its own name, from time to time in the sole and absolute discretion of Secured
Party, for the purpose of carrying out the terms of this Agreement, to take any
and all appropriate action and to execute any and all documents and instruments,
including without limitation, any financing statements necessary or helpful to
perfect or continue Secured Party's security interest in the Collateral, which
may be necessary or desirable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement. This
power of attorney being coupled by an interest shall be irrevocable so long as
any Obligations remain unpaid. All acts of any such attorney are ratified and
approved, and except for willful misconduct, he or she will not be liable for
any act or omission or for any error of judgment or mistake of law.

         14. SECURITY NOT CONTINGENT. Secured Party's rights under this
Agreement shall not be contingent upon the exercise or enforcement by Secured
Party of any other rights or remedies he may have against Borrower or others. No
election by Secured Party to proceed in one form of action or proceeding, or
against any party, or on any obligation, shall constitute a waiver of Secured
Party's right to enforce its rights under this Agreement.

         15. GENERAL. Secured Party shall not be deemed to have waived any of
its rights hereunder or under any other agreement or instrument signed by
Borrower unless such waiver be in writing and signed by Secured Party. No delay
or omission on the part of Secured Party in exercising any right shall operate
as a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver on any one occasion shall
not be construed as a bar to or waiver of any right or remedy on any future
occasion. All of Secured Party's rights and remedies, whether evidenced hereby
or by any other agreement or instrument, shall be cumulative and may be
exercised singularly or concurrently. Any demand upon or notice to Borrower that
Secured Party may elect to give shall be effective when deposited in the mails
addressed to Borrower at its principal place of business. Demands or notices
addressed


                                       8


<PAGE>




to Borrower's address at which Secured Party customarily communicates with
Borrower shall also be effective. This Agreement shall be terminated only by the
filing of a termination statement in accordance with the applicable provisions
of the Code and/or when there are no outstanding Obligations and no commitments
on the part of Borrower to Secured Party under any agreement which might give
rise to any Obligations. Prior to such termination this shall be a continuing
agreement in every respect. This Agreement and all rights and obligations
hereunder including matters of construction, validity and performance, shall be
governed by the laws of the State of Michigan. This Agreement is intended to
take effect when signed by Borrower and delivered to Secured Party. This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be
an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Facsimile
copies of signatures to this Agreement shall be deemed to be originals, and the
parties may rely upon such facsimile copies to the same extent as the originals.

   [Remainder of page intentionally left blank. Signatures on following page.]





                                       9

<PAGE>




         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this First Amended and
Restated Security Agreement as of the day and year above written.

                                        "BORROWER"

                                         ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware
                                         limited liability company


                                         By:        /s/  Ronald A. Klein
                                                  ------------------------------

                                         Its:       Chief Executive Officer
                                                  ------------------------------



                                        "SECURED PARTY"

                                         SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan
                                         corporation

                                         By:
                                                  ------------------------------

                                         Its:
                                                  ------------------------------





                                       10



<PAGE>




         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this First Amended and
Restated Security Agreement as of the day and year above written.

                                        "BORROWER"

                                         ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware
                                         limited liability company


                                         By:
                                                  ------------------------------

                                         Its:
                                                  ------------------------------



                                        "SECURED PARTY"

                                         SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan
                                         corporation

                                         By:       /s/  Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                                  ------------------------------

                                         Its:      Chief Financial Officer
                                                  ------------------------------





                                       10




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.43
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w43.txt
<DESCRIPTION>2ND AMENDED & RESTATED STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>





                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.43



               SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT

         This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT (this
"Agreement") is made as of December 30, 2002 by ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a
Delaware limited liability company ("Pledgor"), in favor of SUN HOME SERVICES,
INC., a Michigan corporation whose address is 31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145,
Farmington Hills, MI 48334 ("Secured Party").

                                    RECITALS:


         A. Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership ("SCOLP") made a line
of credit (the "Line of Credit") available to Pledgor and Origen Financial, Inc.
("Oregon Inc.") pursuant to an Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement
dated February 1, 2002 among Pledgor, Origen, Inc. and SCOLP, as amended, and a
Third Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated February 1, 2002, as amended.

         B. On April 25, 2002, Origen Inc. was merged with and into Pledgor, and
Pledgor succeeded to all of the rights, liabilities and obligations of Origen,
Inc.

         C. To secure the payment of all amounts due to SCOLP by Origen Inc. in
connection with the Line of Credit and to secure all of Origen Inc.'s other
obligations to SCOLP of any nature. Pledgor and SCOLP entered into an Amended
and Restated Stock Pledge Agreement dated February 1, 2002 (the "Original Pledge
Agreement").

         D. SCOLP and Pledgor amended the Line of Credit pursuant to a Second
Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement dated December 4, 2002 between
SCOLP and Pledgor (the "Original Line of Credit Loan Agreement") and a Sixth
Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated December 4, 2002 in the original
principal amount of $27,500,000 delivered by Pledgor to SCOLP (the "Original
Line of Credit Note").

         E. SCOLP made a term loan (the "Term Loan") in the amount of
$10,000,000 to Pledgor pursuant to a Subordinated Term Loan Agreement dated
December 4, 2002 between SCOLP and Pledgor (the "Original Term Loan Agreement")
and a Term Promissory Note dated December 4, 2002 in the original principal
amount of $10,000,000 delivered by Pledgor to SCOLP (the "Original Term Loan
Note").

         F. SCOLP assigned its interest in the Line of Credit, the Term Loan,
the Original Line of Credit Loan Agreement, the Original Line of Credit Note,
the Original Term Loan Agreement, the Original Term Loan Note and related
documents to Secured Party pursuant to an Assignment of Loans of even date
herewith.

         G. Pledgor and Secured Party have entered into the First Amendment to
Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement of even date herewith
(together with the Original Line of Credit Loan Agreement as it may further be
amended from time to time, the "Line of Credit Loan Agreement") and Pledgor has
delivered to Secured Party the Seventh Amended and Restated Promissory Note of
even date herewith (as it may further be amended from time to time, the "Seventh
Amended Line of Credit Note"), pursuant to which the credit limit of the Line of
Credit has been increased to $48,000,000.

         H. Pledgor and Secured Party have entered into a First Amendment to
Subordinated Term Loan Agreement of even date herewith (together with the
Original Term Loan Agreement as it may further be amended from time to time, the
"Term Loan Agreement") and Pledgor has delivered to Secured Party the First
Amended and Restated Term Promissory Note of even date herewith (as it may
further be amended from time to time, the "First Amended Term Loan





<PAGE>






Note"), pursuant to which Secured Party is reflected as the lender.

         I. Pledgor is the sole shareholder of Origen Special Holdings
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("OSHC").

         J. To secure the prompt satisfaction by Pledgor of all of its
obligations to the Secured Party under the Line of Credit and the Term Loan and
to secure all of Pledgor's other obligations to Secured Party of any nature now
or in the future owing from Pledgor to Secured Party, Pledgor, together with
Secured Party, desires to amend and restate the Original Pledge Agreement in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and the mutual
covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

         1. GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST. As security for the prompt and complete
payment and performance when due of all liabilities, obligations or indebtedness
owing by Pledgor to Secured Party under the Line of Credit Loan Agreement, the
Term Loan Agreement, the Related Documents (as defined in the Line of Credit
Loan Agreement and the Term Loan Agreement) and all of Pledgor's other
obligations to Secured Party of any nature now or in the future owing from
Pledgor to Secured Party (collectively, the "Obligations"), Pledgor pledges and
grants to Secured Party a continuing security interest in, and lien on, all of
Pledgor's right, title and interest in and to the common stock and the preferred
stock of OSHC (collectively, the "Shares"), together with all certificates,
options, warrants or other distributions or rights issued as an addition to, in
substitution or in exchange for, or on account of, the Shares, and all proceeds
of the foregoing, including, without limitation, any and all dividends, cash,
instruments and other property from time to time received, receivable or
otherwise distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any of the above
(collectively, the "Pledged Stock").

         2. DELIVERY OF CERTIFICATES. Concurrent with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, Secured Party has retained possession of the stock
certificates evidencing the Shares (the "Certificates"). The Certificates have
been retained by Secured Party in order to perfect the pledge established
hereunder and this Agreement shall be interpreted so as to cause the pledge of
the Shares to be perfected. Secured Party acknowledges that, for all other
purposes, Pledgor is the lawful and beneficial owner of the Shares. Secured
Party shall hold the Certificates in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement.

         3. FUTURE RECEIPTS. If Pledgor receives or becomes entitled to receive
any:

                  (a) stock certificate(s) issued in respect of the Pledged
         Stock, including, without limitation, any certificate representing a
         stock dividend or payable in respect of the Pledged Stock or issued in
         connection with any increase or reduction of capital, reclassification,
         merger, consolidation, sale of assets, combination of shares, stock
         split, spin-off or split-off;

                  (b) option, warrant or right, whether issued as an addition
         to, in substitution or in exchange for, or on account of, any of the
         Pledged Stock; or

                  (c) dividends or distributions on the Pledged Stock payable
         other than in cash, including securities issued by a party other than
         OSHC;

Pledgor shall accept the same as Secured Party's agent, in trust for Secured
Party, and shall deliver same to Secured Party, in the exact form received with,
as applicable, Pledgor's endorsement when necessary or appropriate stock powers
duly executed in blank. Any property received by Secured Party hereunder shall
be held by Secured Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement as additional
security for the Obligations.



                                      -2-

<PAGE>





         4. CASH DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS. So long as no Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing under the Line of Credit Loan Agreement, the Term
Loan Agreement or the Related Documents (an "Event of Default"), Pledgor may
receive for its own use all cash dividends and distributions on the Pledged
Stock.

         5. VOTING AND OTHER RIGHTS. So long as no Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, Pledgor may exercise any and all voting and other consensual
rights with respect to the Pledged Stock for any purpose not inconsistent with
the terms of this Agreement.

         6. SECURED PARTY'S DUTIES. Subject to applicable law, Secured Party
shall have no duty with respect to the Pledged Stock beyond the exercise of
reasonable care to assume the safe custody of the Pledged Stock while held
hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Secured Party shall
have no obligation to take any steps to preserve rights in the Pledged Stock
against any other parties or to exercise any rights represented thereby;
provided, however, that Secured Party may, at its option, do so and Pledgor
shall reimburse the Secured Party for all expenses incurred in connection
therewith.

         7. COVENANTS AND WARRANTS OF PLEDGOR. Pledgor covenants that, until the
Obligations have been satisfied in full, Pledgor will not sell, convey or
otherwise dispose of any of the Pledged Stock or any interest therein, or
create, incur, or permit to exist any pledge, mortgage, lien, charge,
encumbrance or any security interest whatsoever in or with respect to any of the
Pledged Stock except for that created hereby. Pledgor warrants, and will at the
Pledgor's expense defend, the Secured Party's right, title and security interest
in and to the Pledged Stock against the claims of any person.

         8. EVENT OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of an Event of
Default, the Secured Party, in its discretion, shall have the right to exercise
each and all of the following remedies (which remedies are cumulative and are in
addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law,
including, without limitation, the rights and remedies of a secured party under
the Michigan Uniform Commercial Code):

                  (a) Cash Dividends. All cash dividends and distributions on
                  the Pledged Stock shall be paid to the Secured Party. In the
                  event Pledgor shall receive any such cash dividends or
                  distributions, Pledgor shall hold same as Secured Party's
                  agent, in trust for Secured Party, and shall deliver same to
                  Secured Party in the exact form received with the Pledgor's
                  endorsement when necessary.

                  (b) Voting Rights. Secured Party, at its option, may vote the
                  Pledged Stock in its discretion. Pledgor hereby grants to
                  Secured Party or its nominee an irrevocable proxy to exercise
                  all voting and other rights and privileges relating to the
                  Pledged Stock, which proxy shall be effective immediately upon
                  the occurrence of an Event of Default and written notice to
                  Pledgor of Secured Party's election to exercise such proxy,
                  and shall be coupled with an interest. After the occurrence of
                  an Event of Default and upon request of Secured Party, Pledgor
                  agrees to deliver to Secured Party such further evidence of
                  such irrevocable proxy to vote the Pledged Stock as Secured
                  Party may request. Any or all of the Pledge Stock held by
                  Secured Party hereunder may at any time be registered in the
                  name of Secured Party or its nominee, and upon Secured Party's
                  request, Pledgor will cause the issuer of the Pledged Stock to
                  effect such registration. Pledgor hereby appoints Secured
                  Party as its attorney-in-fact to arrange for the transfer of
                  the Pledged Stock to the name of Secured Party or its nominee
                  and all acts of Secured Party as attorney-in-fact are hereby
                  ratified and confirmed and such power is coupled with an
                  interest and is irrevocable until the Obligations are paid in
                  full. Secured Party may exercise all rights and privileges
                  herein granted with respect to


                                      -3-

<PAGE>




                  the Pledged Stock without liability and Secured Party shall
                  have no duty to exercise any of the aforesaid rights or
                  privileges and shall not be responsible for any failure to do
                  so or delay in so doing.

                  (c) Disposition of Pledged Stock. Secured Party may, without
                  demand of performance or other demand, advertisement or notice
                  of any kind (except the notice specified below of time and
                  place of public or private sale) to Pledgor or any other
                  person realize upon the Pledged Stock or any part thereof, and
                  may sell or otherwise dispose of and deliver the Pledged Stock
                  or any part thereof or interest therein, in one or more
                  parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange,
                  broker's board or at the Secured Party's offices or elsewhere,
                  at such prices and on such terms (including, without
                  limitation, a requirement that any purchaser purchase the
                  Pledged Stock for investment and without any intention to make
                  a distribution thereof) as they may deem best, for cash or on
                  credit, or for future delivery without assumption of any
                  credit risk, with the right to Secured Party or any purchaser
                  to purchase upon any such sale the whole or any part of the
                  Pledged Stock free of any right or equity of redemption in
                  Pledgor, which right or equity is hereby expressly waived and
                  released. Secured Party need not give more than five (5) days
                  notice of the time and place of any public sale or of the time
                  after which a private sale may take place, which notice
                  Pledgor hereby deems reasonable.

                  (d) Application of Proceeds. Any cash dividend or distribution
                  received by Secured Party and the proceeds of any disposition
                  of the Pledged Stock by Secured Party shall be applied as
                  follows:

                                    (i) First, to the costs and expenses
                           incurred in connection with enforcing this Agreement
                           or incidental thereto or to the care or safekeeping
                           of any of the Pledged Stock or in any way relating to
                           the rights of Secured Party, including reasonable
                           attorneys' fees and legal expenses;

                                    (ii) Second, to the satisfaction of the
                           Obligations;

                                    (iii) Third, to the payment of any other
                           amounts required by applicable law (including,
                           without limitation, the Michigan Uniform Commercial
                           Code); and

                                    (iv) Fourth, to Pledgor to the extent of any
                           surplus proceeds.

         9. FURTHER ASSURANCES. Pledgor shall, at any time and from time to
time, upon the written request of Secured Party, execute and deliver such
further documents and do such further acts and things as Secured Party may
reasonably request to effect the purposes of this Agreement.

         10. TERMINATION. Upon the satisfaction in full of the Obligations and
the payment of all additional costs and expenses of Secured Party hereunder,
this Agreement shall terminate and Secured Party shall deliver, or cause to be
delivered, to Pledgor the Certificates necessary to transfer title to the Shares
to Pledgor.

         11. WITHHOLDING TAXES. Pledgor shall pay all withholding taxes on the
Shares, and Pledgor hereby indemnifies Secured Party and its officers,
directors, agents and representatives from and against any and all liability
associated with the withholding taxes on the Shares.

         12. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.

                  (a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and
enforced in


                                      -4-

<PAGE>




accordance with, the laws of the State of Michigan.

                  (b) All of the terms contained herein shall survive the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, and shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by and against, the parties and
their respective successors, assigns, heirs at law, legal representatives and
estates.

                  (c) This Agreement and any other documents executed in
connection herewith together constitute the full and entire understanding and
agreement among the parties with respect to the transactions herein
contemplated, and shall supersede all prior understandings or agreements
relating thereto, whether written or oral, all of which are declared to be null
and void and of no further force or effect.

                  (d) This Agreement may only be amended or modified, and any of
the terms, conditions, covenants, representations or warranties contained herein
may only be waived, by a written instrument duly executed by the parties.

                  (e) The paragraph headings in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construing this
Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and all counterparts,
when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same agreement. Facsimile
copies of signatures to this Agreement shall be deemed to be originals, and the
parties may rely upon such facsimile copies to the same extent as the originals.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Second Amended and
Restated Stock Pledge Agreement as of the day and year above written.


                                          PLEDGOR:

                                          ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware
                                          limited liability corporation


                                          By:  /s/  Ronald A. Klein
                                             -----------------------------------

                                          Its:  Chief Executive Officer
                                              ----------------------------------



                                          SECURED PARTY:

                                          SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan
                                          corporation

                                          By:
                                                   -----------------------------

                                          Its:
                                                   -----------------------------





                                      -5-



<PAGE>


                  (a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and
enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Michigan.

                  (b) All of the terms contained herein shall survive the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, and shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by and against, the parties and
their respective successors, assigns, heirs at law, legal representatives and
estates.

                  (c) This Agreement and any other documents executed in
connection herewith together constitute the full and entire understanding and
agreement among the parties with respect to the transactions herein
contemplated, and shall supersede all prior understandings or agreements
relating thereto, whether written or oral, all of which are declared to be null
and void and of no further force or effect.

                  (d) This Agreement may only be amended or modified, and any of
the terms, conditions, covenants, representations or warranties contained herein
may only be waived, by a written instrument duly executed by the parties.

                  (e) The paragraph headings in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construing this
Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and all counterparts,
when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same agreement. Facsimile
copies of signatures to this Agreement shall be deemed to be originals, and the
parties may rely upon such facsimile copies to the same extent as the originals.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Second Amended and
Restated Stock Pledge Agreement as of the day and year above written.


                                          PLEDGOR:

                                          ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware
                                          limited liability corporation


                                          By:
                                             -----------------------------------

                                          Its:
                                              ----------------------------------



                                          SECURED PARTY:

                                          SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan
                                          corporation

                                          By:        /s/  Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                                   -----------------------------

                                          Its:       Chief Financial Officer
                                                   -----------------------------





                                      -5-



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.44
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w44.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED & RESTATED LLC INTEREST SEC & PLEDGE AGMNT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.44



          FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTEREST
                          SECURITY AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT


         THIS FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTEREST
SECURITY AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT (as amended from time to time, the "Agreement") is
made as of December 30, 2002 by ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware limited
liability company ("Pledgor"), in favor of SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan
corporation whose address is 31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145, Farmington Hills,
MI 48334 ("Secured Party").



                                R E C I T A L S:

         A. Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership ("SCOLP") made a line
of credit (the "Line of Credit") available to Pledgor for up to $27,500,000
pursuant to a Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement dated
December 4, 2002 between Pledgor and SCOLP (the "Original Line of Credit Loan
Agreement") and a Sixth Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated December 4,
2002 in the original principal amount of $27,500,000 delivered by Pledgor to
SCOLP (the "Original Line of Credit Note").

         B. SCOLP made a term loan (the "Term Loan") in the amount of
$10,000,000 to Pledgor pursuant to a Subordinated Term Loan Agreement dated
December 4, 2002 between SCOLP and Pledgor (the "Original Term Loan Agreement")
and a Term Promissory Note dated December 4, 2002 in the original principal
amount of $10,000,000 delivered by Pledgor to SCOLP (the "Original Term Loan
Note").

         C. SCOLP assigned its interest in the Line of Credit, the Term Loan,
the Original Line of Credit Loan Agreement, the Original Line of Credit Note,
the Original Term Loan Agreement, the Original Term Loan Note and related
documents to Secured Party pursuant to an Assignment of Loans of even date
herewith.

         D. Pledgor and Secured Party have entered into the First Amendment to
Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement of even date herewith
(together with the Original Line of Credit Loan Agreement as it may further be
amended from time to time, the "Line of Credit Loan Agreement") and Pledgor has
delivered to Secured Party the Seventh Amended and Restated Promissory Note of
even date herewith (as it may further be amended from time to time, the "Seventh
Amended Line of Credit Note"), pursuant to which the credit limit of the Line of
Credit has been increased to $48,000,000.

         E. Pledgor and Secured Party have entered into a First Amendment to
Subordinated Term Loan Agreement of even date herewith (together with the
Original Term Loan Agreement as it may further be amended from time to time, the
"Term Loan Agreement") and Pledgor has delivered to Secured Party the First
Amended and Restated Term Promissory Note of even date herewith (as it may
further be amended from time to time, the "First Amended Term Loan Note"),
pursuant to which Secured Party is reflected as the lender.

         F. To secure the payment of all amounts due to SCOLP by Pledgor in
connection with the Line of Credit and to secure all of Pledgor's other
obligations to SCOLP of any nature, Pledgor
<PAGE>





and SCOLP entered into a Limited Liability Company Interest Security And Pledge
Agreement dated February 1, 2002 (the "Original Pledge Agreement").

         G. Pledgor currently owns 100% of the membership interests in Origen
Special Purpose, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Origen Special
Purpose II, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Origen Manufactured
Home Financial, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, Origen Insurance
Agency, L.L.C., a Virginia limited liability company, Origen Financial of South
Dakota, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, and Origen Credit L.L.C.,
a Delaware limited liability company (collectively, the "Subsidiaries").

         H. To secure the payment of all amounts due to Secured Party by Pledgor
in connection with the Line of Credit and the Term Loan and pursuant to terms of
the Line of Credit Loan Agreement, the Seventh Amended Line of Credit Note, the
Term Loan Agreement and the First Amended Term Loan Note and the Related
Documents (as defined in the Line of Credit Loan Agreement and the Term Loan
Agreement) and to secure all of Pledgor's other obligations to Secured Party of
any nature now or in the future owing from Pledgor to Secured Party (the
"Obligations"), Pledgor and Secured Party desire to amend and restate the
Original Pledge Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

         1. GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST. As collateral security for the prompt
and complete payment and performance when due (whether at the stated maturity,
by acceleration or otherwise) of all of the Obligations, Pledgor grants to the
Secured Party a first security interest in and to Pledgor's right, title and
interest as a member (the "Membership Interests") in each of the Subsidiaries,
including, without limitation, any and all moneys or other property payable or
to become payable to Pledgor or to which Pledgor now or in the future may be
entitled, in its capacity as a member in the Subsidiaries, including, without
limitation, by way of distribution, return of capital or otherwise in respect of
the Membership Interests, and, to the extent not otherwise included, all
"proceeds" of the Membership Interests as such term is defined in the Uniform
Commercial Code (the "Code") from time to time in effect in the State of
Michigan (collectively, the "Collateral").

         2. DISTRIBUTIONS. So long as no default has occurred and is continuing
under the Line of Credit Loan Agreement, the Seventh Amended Line of Credit
Note, the Term Loan Agreement, the First Amended Term Loan Note or the Related
Documents (an "Event of Default"), Pledgor shall be entitled to receive for its
own use all distributions with respect to the Membership Interests. If an Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing, Pledgor shall not be entitled to
receive or retain other distributions paid in respect of the Membership
Interests, whether in redemption of, or in exchange for the Membership
Interests, or whether in connection with a reduction of capital, capital surplus
or paid-in surplus or the Membership Interests or otherwise, other than for the
payment of personal taxes of the members of the Subsidiaries associated with
their investment in Subsidiaries, and any and all such dividends or
distributions shall be forthwith delivered to the Secured Party to hold as
Collateral and shall, if received by Pledgor, be received in trust for delivery
to the Secured Party, be segregated from the other property or accounts of
Pledgor, and be forthwith delivered to the Secured Party as Collateral in the
same form as so received (with any necessary


                                      -2-
<PAGE>





endorsements), with such Proceeds to be applied by the Secured Party to reduce
the Obligations.


         3. REGISTRATION OF PLEDGE. Concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement, Pledgor has sent to each of the Subsidiaries written instructions in
the form of Exhibit A, and has obtained from each of the Subsidiaries an
executed acknowledgment and consent in the form of Exhibit A.

         4. VOTING RIGHTS. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, Pledgor may exercise all voting and membership rights with respect
to the Membership Interests; provided, however, that no vote will be cast or
membership right exercised or other action taken which would be inconsistent
with or result in a breach of any provision of the Line of Credit Loan
Agreement, the Seventh Amended Line of Credit Note, the Term Loan Agreement, the
First Amended Term Loan Note, the Related Documents, or this Agreement.

         5. EVENT OF DEFAULT. If an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, the Secured Party may direct the Subsidiaries to register the
Membership Interests in the name of the Secured Party or its nominee, and the
Secured Party or its nominee may thereafter receive all distributions with
respect to, and exercise all voting, membership and other rights pertaining to,
the Membership Interests as if it were the absolute owner of the Membership
Interests.

         6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PLEDGOR. Pledgor represents and
warrants to the Secured Party that (a) Pledgor is the record and beneficial
owner of, and has good and legal title to, the Membership Interests, free of any
and all liens or options in favor of, or claims of, any other person, except the
lien created by this Agreement, and (b) Pledgor has the legal right to execute
and deliver, to perform its obligations under, and to grant the security
interest in the Collateral pursuant to, this Agreement.

         7. ASSIGNMENT; PLEDGE; AMENDMENT. Without the prior written consent of
the Secured Party, Pledgor will not (i) sell, assign, transfer, exchange or
otherwise dispose of, or grant any option with respect to, the Collateral; (ii)
create or permit to exist any lien or option in favor of, or any claim of, any
person with respect to any of the Collateral, except, in either case, for the
lien created by this Agreement; or (iii) amend or modify the operating agreement
of any of the Subsidiaries (as amended from time to time, collectively, the
"Operating Agreements"), or enter into any agreement or arrangement with any
Subsidiary or its respective members which amends or modifies the rights and
obligations of such Subsidiary and its respective members as set forth in such
Subsidiary's Operating Agreement. Pledgor will defend the right, title and
interest of the Secured Party in and to the Collateral against the claims and
demands of all other persons.

         8. FURTHER ASSURANCES. At any time and from time to time, upon the
written request of the Secured Party, Pledgor will promptly execute and deliver
such further instruments and documents and take such further actions as the
Secured Party may reasonably request for the purposes of obtaining or preserving
the security interest created by this Agreement, including, without limitation,
the filing of any financing or continuation statements under the Code. Pledgor
authorizes the Secured Party to file any such financing or continuation
statement without the signature of Pledgor to the extent permitted by applicable
law.



                                       -3-
<PAGE>

         9. REMEDIES. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the
Secured Party may exercise, in addition to all rights and remedies granted in
the Line of Credit Loan Agreement, the Seventh Amended Line of Credit Note, the
Term Loan Agreement, the First Amended Term Loan Note, the Related Documents,
and this Agreement, all rights and remedies of a secured party under the Code.
The rights and remedies of the Secured Party are cumulative, may be exercised
singly or concurrently, and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided
by law.

         10. ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. Pledgor irrevocably constitutes and appoints the
Secured Party, or its representative, with full power of substitution, as its
true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full irrevocable power and authority in
the place and stead of Pledgor, and in the name of Pledgor or in the Secured
Party's name, after an Event of Default has occurred and for so long as it is
continuing, for the purpose of carrying out the terms of this Agreement.
Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, the Secured Party may
not exercise the rights granted to them in this Section 10 unless the Pledgor
has been provided with prior written notice of such exercise. The powers
conferred on the Secured Party are solely to protect its interests in the
Collateral and will not impose any duty upon the Secured Party to exercise any
such powers. The Secured Party will be accountable only for amounts that it
actually receives as a result of the exercise of such powers, and neither the
Secured Party, nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents will be
responsible to Pledgor or to the Subsidiaries for any act or failure to act.

         11. LIMITATION ON DUTIES REGARDING COLLATERAL. The Secured Party's sole
duty with respect to the custody, safekeeping and physical preservation of the
Collateral in its possession, under the Code or otherwise, will be to deal with
it in the same manner as the Secured Party deals with similar securities and
property for its own account. Neither the Secured Party, nor any of its
directors, officers, employees or agents will be liable for failure to demand,
collect or realize upon any of the Collateral or for any delay in doing so or,
except as provided by applicable law, will be under any obligation to sell or
otherwise dispose of any Collateral upon the request of Pledgor or otherwise.

         12. NO WAIVER. The Secured Party will not by any act, delay, omission
or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy under this Agreement
or to have acquiesced in any Event of Default or in any breach of any of the
terms and conditions of this Agreement except by a written instrument executed
by the Secured Party. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or
privilege under this Agreement will preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. A waiver by the
Secured Party of any right or remedy under this Agreement on any one occasion
will not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which the Secured Party
would otherwise have on any future occasion.

         13. AMENDMENTS. The terms and provisions of this Agreement may not be
waived or modified except by a written instrument executed by Pledgor and the
Secured Party.

         14. BENEFIT AND BINDING EFFECT. This Agreement will be binding upon the
successors and permitted assigns of Pledgor and will inure to the benefit of the
Secured Party and its successors and assigns.

         15. COUNTERPARTS; REPRODUCTIONS. This Agreement may be executed in



                                       -4-
<PAGE>


counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which
together shall constitute one instrument. Facsimile copies of signatures to this
Agreement shall be deemed to be originals, and the parties may rely upon such
facsimile copies to the same extent as the originals..

         16. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Michigan.



                         [signatures on following page]



















                                       -5-
<PAGE>






         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Pledgor and the Secured Party have executed this
First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Interest Security And
Pledge Agreement as of the date first above written.

                                 PLEDGOR:

                                 ORIGEN FINANCIAL L.L.C., a Delaware limited
                                 liability company


                                 By:      /s/ Ronald A. Klein
                                        ----------------------------------------

                                 Its:      Chief Executive Officer
                                         ---------------------------------------




                                 SECURED PARTY:


                                 SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan corporation

                                 By:   /s/ Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                 Its:     Chief Financial Officer
                                     -------------------------------------------













                                       -6-


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.45
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w45.txt
<DESCRIPTION>2ND AMENDED & RESTATED GUARANTY
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.45



                      SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED GUARANTY

         THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED GUARANTY (the "Second Amended
Guaranty") is made December 30, 2002 by Bingham Financial Services Corporation,
a Michigan corporation ("Bingham"), in favor of Sun Home Services, Inc., a
Michigan corporation ("SHS").

                                    RECITALS:

         A. Bingham has executed and delivered to Sun Communities Operating
Limited Partnership ("SCOLP") an Amended and Restated Guaranty dated February 1,
2002, (the "First Amended Guaranty"), pursuant to which Bingham guaranteed the
payment and performance when due of certain obligations owing from Origen
Financial L.L.C. ("Borrower") to SCOLP, including without limitation under the
line of credit loan (the "Line of Credit") evidenced by the Second Amended and
Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement dated December 4, 2002 between Borrower and
SCOLP (collectively, the "Original Line of Credit Loan Agreement") and the Sixth
Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated December 4, 2002 in the original
principal amount of $27,500,000 executed by Borrower in favor of SCOLP (the
"Original Line of Credit Note").

         B. SCOLP made a term loan (the "Term Loan") in the amount of
$10,000,000 to Borrower pursuant to a Subordinated Term Loan Agreement dated
December 4, 2002 between SCOLP and Borrower (the "Original Term Loan Agreement")
and a Term Promissory Note dated December 4, 2002 in the original principal
amount of $10,000,000 delivered by Borrower to SCOLP (the "Original Term Loan
Note").

         C. SCOLP assigned its interest in the First Amended Guaranty, the Line
of Credit, the Term Loan, the Original Line of Credit Loan Agreement, the
Original Line of Credit Note, the Original Term Loan Agreement, the Original
Term Loan Note and related documents to SHS pursuant to an Assignment of Loans
of even date herewith.

         D. Borrower and SHS have entered into the First Amendment to Second
Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement of even date herewith (together
with the Original Line of Credit Loan Agreement as it may further be amended
from time to time, the "Line of Credit Loan Agreement") and Borrower has
delivered to SHS the Seventh Amended and Restated Promissory Note of even date
herewith (as it may further be amended from time to time, the "Seventh Amended
Line of Credit Note"), pursuant to which the credit limit of the Line of Credit
has been increased to $48,000,000.

         E. Borrower and SHS have entered into a First Amendment to Subordinated
Term Loan Agreement of even date herewith (together with the Original Term Loan
Agreement as it may further be amended from time to time, the "Term Loan
Agreement") and Borrower has delivered to SHS the First Amended and Restated
Term Promissory Note of even date herewith (as it may further be amended from
time to time, the "First Amended Term Loan Note"), pursuant to which SHS is
reflected as the lender.

         F. The Line of Credit is secured by the collateral described in the
First Amended and Restated Security Agreement of even date herewith between
Borrower and SHS, as amended

<PAGE>

from time to time, (ii) the Second Amended and Restated Stock Pledge Agreement
of even date herewith between Borrower and SHS, as amended from time to time,
and (iii) the First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Interest
Security and Pledge Agreement of even date herewith between Borrower and SHS, as
amended from time to time, and various Uniform Commercial Code financing
statements filed to perfect the security interests granted under the foregoing
agreements (as they may be amended from time to time, the "Origen Security
Documents").

         G. The Borrower may from time to time request loans, advances or other
financial accommodations from SHS and SHS may, in its discretion, honor such
requests in whole or part and thereby the Borrower may from time to time be
indebted to SHS, including without limitation, under (i) the Line of Credit Loan
Agreement; (ii) the Seventh Amended Line of Credit Note; (iii) the Term Loan
Agreement; (iv) the First Amended Term Loan Note; and (v) the Origen Security
Documents (collectively, the "Origen Loan Documents").

         H. SHS is unwilling to make loans, advances or extend other financial
accommodations to or otherwise do business with the Borrower unless Bingham
continues to unconditionally guarantee payment of all present and future
indebtedness and obligations of Borrower to SHS and as a condition of amending
the Line of Credit and the Term Loan, SHS has required that Bingham execute and
deliver this Second Amended Guaranty.

         I. Bingham is a member of Borrower and will directly benefit from SHS's
making of loans, advances or extending other financial accommodations to or
otherwise doing business with the Borrower.

         J. Bingham desires to amend and restate the First Amended Guaranty in
its entirety in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this
Second Amended Guaranty.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce SHS to make loans, advances or
extend other financial accommodations to and otherwise do business with the
Borrower and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency whereof are hereby acknowledged, Bingham hereby covenants and agrees
with SHS as follows:

         1. GUARANTY. Bingham hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees
to SHS and its successors and assigns: (a) the full and prompt payment and
performance when due of the Indebtedness, as hereinafter defined; and (b) the
payment, compliance with and performance of all other obligations, covenants,
representations and warranties of every kind, nature and description in
accordance with all instruments and documents executed by Borrower in favor of
SHS, whether now owing or existing or heretofore or hereafter created or
arising, regardless of whether such obligations, covenants, representations or
warranties are held to be unenforceable, void or of no effect against Borrower
and including without limitation, those under any loan agreement and/or
promissory note executed and delivered by Borrower to SHS, and any extensions,
modifications or renewals thereof. The term "Indebtedness" shall mean all
principal, interest, attorneys' fees, commitment fees, liabilities for costs and
expenses and all other indebtedness, obligations and liabilities under and in
accordance with the terms of all instruments and documents executed by Borrower
in favor of SHS, including, without limitation, the Origen




                                       -2-

<PAGE>

Loan Documents, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent and whether
now owing or existing or heretofore or hereafter created or arising, and
regardless of whether such indebtedness, obligations or liabilities are held to
be unenforceable, void or of no effect against Borrower, and all costs, expenses
and fees, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising in connection with the
collection or enforcement of any or all amounts, indebtedness, obligations and
liabilities of Borrower to SHS, as described above, regardless of whether
Borrower is held to be liable for such amounts. Bingham acknowledges and agrees
that any indebtedness of Borrower to SHS as evidenced by any promissory note may
be extended or renewed upon maturity at the sole discretion of SHS and that the
Indebtedness as defined herein, the payment of which is hereby guaranteed, shall
include, without limitation, all indebtedness and other obligations as extended
or renewed and as may be evidenced by any renewal promissory note.

         2. GUARANTY UNCONDITIONAL. This is an irrevocable, unconditional and
absolute guaranty of payment, and not of collection, and Bingham agrees that its
liability on this Second Amended Guaranty shall be immediate and SHS may have
immediate recourse against Bingham for full and immediate payment of the
Indebtedness at any time after the Indebtedness or any part thereof, has not
been paid when due (whether by acceleration or otherwise) or Borrower has
defaulted or otherwise failed to perform when due any of its obligations,
covenants, representations or warranties to SHS.

         3. LIABILITY NOT CONTINGENT. The liability of Bingham on this Second
Amended Guaranty shall not be contingent upon the exercise or enforcement by SHS
of whatever remedies it may have against Borrower or others, or the enforcement
of any lien or realization upon any security or collateral SHS may at any time
possess. Any one or more successive and/or concurrent actions may be brought
hereon against Bingham either in the same action, if any, brought against
Borrower or in separate actions, as often as SHS, in its sole discretion, may
deem advisable. No election to proceed in one form of action or proceeding, or
against any party, or on any obligation, shall constitute a waiver of SHS's
right to proceed in any other form of action or proceeding or against other
parties unless SHS has expressly waived such right in writing. Specifically, but
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no action or proceeding by SHS
against Borrower under any document or instrument evidencing or securing the
Indebtedness shall serve to diminish the liability of Bingham, except to the
extent SHS realizes payment by such action or proceeding, notwithstanding the
effect of any such action or proceeding upon Bingham's right of subrogation
against Borrower. Receipt by SHS of payment or payments with knowledge of the
breach of any provision with respect to any of the Indebtedness shall not, as to
Bingham, be deemed a waiver of such breach. All rights, powers and remedies of
SHS hereunder and under any other agreement now or at any time hereafter in
force between SHS and Bingham shall be cumulative and not alternative and shall
be in addition to all rights, powers and remedies given to SHS by law.

         4. LIABILITY ABSOLUTE. Bingham agrees that its liability hereunder is
absolute and unconditional and that SHS shall not be obligated (although it may
do so at its sole option) before being entitled to direct recourse against
Bingham to take any steps, whatsoever to preserve, protect, accept, perfect
SHS's interest in, foreclose upon or realize on collateral security, if any, for
the payment of the Indebtedness or any other guaranty of the Indebtedness or


                                      -3-
<PAGE>

in any other respect exercise any diligence whatever in collecting or attempting
to collect the Indebtedness by any means.

         5. NO IMPAIRMENT OF LIABILITY. The liability of Bingham shall in no way
be affected or impaired by: (a) any amendment, alteration, extension, renewal,
waiver, indulgence or other modification of the Indebtedness; (b) any settlement
or compromise in connection with the Indebtedness; (c) any subordination of
payments under the Indebtedness to any other debt or claim; (d) any
substitution, exchange, release or other disposition of all or any part of any
collateral for the Indebtedness; (e) any failure, delay, neglect, act or
omission by SHS to act in connection with the Indebtedness; (f) any advances for
the purpose of performing any covenant or agreement of Borrower, or curing any
breach; (g) the filing by or against Borrower of bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or other debtor's relief afforded Borrower pursuant to the
present or future provisions of the Bankruptcy Code or any other state or
federal statute or by the decision of any court; or (h) any other matter whether
similar or dissimilar to the foregoing. The obligations of Bingham are
unconditional, notwithstanding any defect in the genuineness, validity,
regularity or enforceability of the Indebtedness or any other circumstances
whether or not referred to herein, which might otherwise constitute a legal or
equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor.

         6. WAIVERS. Bingham hereby waives each and every defense which, under
principles of guaranty or suretyship law or otherwise, would otherwise operate
to impair or diminish the liability of Bingham hereunder, including, without
limitation: (a) notice of acceptance of this Second Amended Guaranty and of
creations of Indebtedness of Borrower to SHS; (b) any subrogation to the rights
of SHS against Borrower until the Indebtedness has been paid in full; (c)
presentment and demand for payment of any Indebtedness of Borrower; (d) protest,
notice of protest, and notice of dishonor or default to Bingham or to any other
party with respect to any of the Indebtedness; (e) all other notices to which
Bingham might otherwise be entitled; (f) any demand for payment under this
Second Amended Guaranty; (g) any defense arising by reason of any disability or
other defense of Borrower by reason of the cessation from any cause whatsoever
of the liability of Borrower; (h) any rights to extension, composition or
otherwise under the Bankruptcy Code or any amendments thereof, or under any
state or other federal statute; (i) any right or claim or claim of right to
cause a marshalling of Borrower's assets; and (j) any participation in any of
the Indebtedness by a third party. No notice to or demand on Bingham shall be
deemed to be a waiver of the obligation of Bingham or of the right of SHS to
take further action without notice or demand as provided herein; nor in any
event shall any modification or waiver of the provisions of this Second Amended
Guaranty be effective unless in writing nor shall any such waiver be applicable
except in the specific instance for which given.

         7. WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS. Bingham represents, warrants and
covenants to SHS that, as of the date of this Second Amended Guaranty: Bingham
is meeting its current liabilities as they mature; any financial statements of
Bingham furnished SHS are true and correct and include in the footnotes thereto
all contingent liabilities of Bingham; since the date of said financial
statements there has been no material adverse change in the financial condition
of Bingham; there are not now pending any material court or administrative
proceedings or undischarged judgments against Bingham and no federal or state
tax liens have been filed or


                                      -4-
<PAGE>


threatened against Bingham, nor is Bingham in default or claimed default under
any agreement for borrowed money.

         8. NOTICES. Bingham agrees to immediately give SHS written notice of
any material adverse change in its financial condition, including but not
limited to litigation commenced, tax liens filed, default claimed under its
indebtedness for borrowed money or bankruptcy proceedings commenced by or
against Bingham. Bingham agrees to deliver, timely to SHS, annual financial
statements for the preceding fiscal year; and at such reasonable times as SHS
requests to furnish its current financial statements to SHS and permit SHS or
its representatives to inspect at Bingham's offices, its financial records and
properties and make extracts therefrom in order to evaluate the financial
condition of Bingham.

         9. MISCELLANEOUS. This Second Amended Guaranty shall inure to the
benefit of SHS and its successors and assigns, including each and every holder
or owner of any of the indebtedness guaranteed hereby. In the event that any
person other than SHS shall become a holder or owner of any of the Indebtedness,
each reference to SHS hereunder shall be construed as if it referred to each
such holder or owner. This Second Amended Guaranty shall be binding upon Bingham
and its successors and assigns. Bingham agrees that recourse may be had against
its earnings and separate property for all of Bingham's obligations under this
Second Amended Guaranty. This Second Amended Guaranty and all rights and
obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Michigan.

         10. JURY WAIVER. BINGHAM ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
IS A CONSTITUTIONAL ONE, BUT THAT IT MAY BE WAIVED. BINGHAM, AFTER CONSULTING
(OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT) WITH COUNSEL OF ITS CHOICE, KNOWINGLY
AND VOLUNTARILY, AND FOR ITS BENEFIT WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN THE
EVENT OF LITIGATION REGARDING THE PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT OF, OR IN ANY WAY
RELATED TO, THIS SECOND AMENDED GUARANTY OR THE INDEBTEDNESS.

         11. COLLATERAL. This Second Amended Guaranty is secured by the
collateral described in: (i) the Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement
of even date herewith between SHS and Bingham; (ii) the Amended and Restated
Membership Pledge Agreement of even date herewith between SHS and Bingham; (iii)
the Amended and Restated Stock Pledge Agreement of even date herewith between
SHS and Bingham; and (iv) various Uniform Commercial Code financing statements
filed to perfect the security interests granted under the foregoing agreements.

         12. GUARANTY FREELY GIVEN. THIS SECOND AMENDED GUARANTY IS FREELY AND
VOLUNTARILY GIVEN TO SHS BY BINGHAM, WITHOUT ANY DURESS OR COERCION, AND AFTER
BINGHAM HAS EITHER CONSULTED WITH COUNSEL OR BEEN GIVEN AN OPPORTUNITY TO DO SO,
AND BINGHAM HAS CAREFULLY AND COMPLETELY READ ALL OF THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF
THIS SECOND AMENDED GUARANTY.



                                      -5-
<PAGE>





         13. INTEGRATION. This Second Amended and Guaranty and any other
documents executed in connection herewith together constitute the full and
entire understanding and agreement among the parties with respect to the subject
matter herein contemplated, and shall supersede all prior understandings or
agreements relating thereto, whether written or oral, including without
limitation the First Amended Guaranty, all of which are declared to be null and
void and of no further force or effect.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Second Amended and Restated Guaranty was
executed and delivered by the undersigned on the date stated in the first
paragraph above.

                                          BINGHAM FINANCIAL SERVICES CORPORATION


                                          By:   /s/  Ronald A. Klein
                                             -----------------------------------


                                          Its:   Chief Executive Officer
                                              ----------------------------------


                                      -6-


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.46
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w46.txt
<DESCRIPTION>2ND AMENDED & RESTATED SECURITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.46


                 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY AGREEMENT

         THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY AGREEMENT (the "Agreement")
is entered into as of December 30, 2002 by and between BINGHAM FINANCIAL
SERVICES CORPORATION, a Michigan corporation whose address is 260 E. Brown
Street, Suite 200, Birmingham, Michigan 48009 ("Borrower") and SUN HOME
SERVICES, INC., a Michigan corporation whose address is 31700 Middlebelt Road,
Suite 145, Farmington Hills, MI 48334 ("Secured Party").

                                    RECITALS:


         A. Borrower has executed and delivered to Sun Communities Operating
Limited Partnership ("SCOLP") an Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated
December 13, 1999, (the "First Amended Security Agreement"), pursuant to which
Borrower granted SCOLP a security interest in substantially all of Borrower's
assets to secure the performance by Borrower of, among other obligations,
Borrower's obligations under a guaranty (the "Original Guaranty") of the
obligations of Origen Financial L.L.C. ("Origen") under a line of credit (the
"Line of Credit") from SCOLP to Origen and a term loan (the "Term Loan") from
SCOLP to Origen.

         B. SCOLP has assigned its interest in the First Amended Security
Agreement, the Original Guaranty, the Line of Credit and the Term Loan and
related documents to Secured Party pursuant to an Assignment of Loans of even
date herewith.

         C. The Line of Credit has been amended and is evidenced by a Second
Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement dated December 4, 2002 between
Borrower and SCOLP, as amended by a First Amendment to Second Amended and
Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement of even date herewith between Origen and
Secured Party and a Seventh Amended and Restated Promissory Note of even date
herewith in the principal amount of $48,000,000 delivered by Origen to Secured
Party.

         D. The Term Loan has been amended and is evidenced by a Subordinated
Term Loan Agreement dated December 4, 2002 between Borrower and SCOLP, as
amended by a First Amendment to Subordinated Term Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between Origen and Secured Party and a First Amended and Restated Term
Promissory Note of even date herewith in the principal amount of $10,000,000
delivered by Origen to Secured Party.

         E. The Original Guaranty has been amended by the Second Amended and
Restated Guaranty (the "Second Amended Guaranty") of even date herewith
delivered by Borrower to Secured Party.

         F. To secure the payment of all amounts due to Secured Party by
Borrower under the Second Amended Guaranty and to secure all of Borrower's other
obligations to Secured Party of any nature now or in the future owing from
Borrower to Secured Party (the "Obligations"), Borrower and Secured Party desire
to amend and restate the First Amended Security Agreement in accordance with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.

         THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as follows:


<PAGE>





         1.       DEFINITIONS.  Unless otherwise defined herein, the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

         (a) "Accounts" means all "accounts", as such term is defined in the
         Code, in which Borrower now or hereafter has any right, title or
         interest.

         (b) "Books" means all books, records and correspondence relating to the
         Collateral (as defined herein).

         (c) "Chattel Paper" means any and all "chattel paper", as such term is
         defined in the Code, in which Borrower now or hereafter has any right,
         title or interest.

         (d) "Code" means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may from time
         to time be in effect in the State of Michigan.

         (e) "Contracts" means any and all contracts, instruments, undertakings,
         documents, leases or other agreements in or under which Borrower may
         now or hereafter has any right, title or interest and which pertain to
         the purchase, lease, sale or other disposition by Borrower of any
         Inventory, Equipment, Fixtures, real property or any interest in real
         property, as any of the same may from time to time be amended,
         supplemented or otherwise modified.

         (f) "Current Accounts" means an Account that arises from a bona fide
         outright sale of goods by Borrower, or from services performed by
         Borrower that is not subject to any claim of reduction, counterclaim,
         set-off, allowances, adjustments, or the like, and is not outstanding
         more than 60 days from the date of its invoice.

         (g) "Documents" means any and all "documents" and "instruments", as
         such terms are defined in the Code, in which Borrower now or hereafter
         has any right, title or interest.

         (h) "Equipment" means all "equipment", as such term is defined in the
         Code, in which Borrower now or hereafter has any right, title or
         interest.

         (i) "Fixtures" means, to the extent not otherwise included as
         Equipment, all machinery, apparatus, equipment, fittings, fixtures,
         furniture and furnishings in which Borrower now or hereafter has any
         right, title or interest located upon or affixed to or which becomes
         affixed to any real property owned or leased by Borrower, or any part
         thereof, and used or usable in connection with any future occupancy or
         use of such premises, including replacements and additions thereto.

         (j) "General Intangibles" means all "general intangibles", as such term
         is defined in the Code, in which Borrower now or hereafter has any
         right, title or interest. General Intangibles shall also include all
         equity interests of Borrower in other entities, including but not
         limited to membership interest in Origen Financial L.L.C., Bloomfield
         Acceptance Company, L.L.C., Bloomfield Servicing Company, L.L.C., and
         Hartger & Willard Mortgage Associates, Inc.


                                       2
<PAGE>



         (k) "Inventory" means all "inventory", as such term is defined in the
         Code, in which Borrower now or hereafter has any right, title or
         interest.

         (l) "Loans" means any loan originated by or acquired by Borrower,
         whether an original loan, an additional loan or a substitution for an
         existing loan including all indebtedness of any Borrower with respect
         to such loans or any collateral pledge with respect to such loans
         including but not limited to any manufactured homes, together with all
         other collateral provided as security for such loans; servicing
         agreements, backup servicing agreements, servicing records, insurance,
         guarantees, indemnitees, and warranties and proceeds thereof, financing
         statements and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character
         from time to time relating to the loans, income if any from the loans,
         all hedges, all insured closing letters, all escrow instructions
         covering all or any of the loans, all collections from such loans, all
         blocked accounts and all amounts and deposits therein, all collection
         accounts and escrow accounts relating to any loan, all dealer financing
         agreements, all loan agreements, all loan documents, all consignment
         agreements, sale contracts, security agreements, the right to payment
         of interest or finance charges and collateral securing such
         obligations, and any other rights and other assets relating to such
         loans or any interest in the loans, whether constituting real or
         personal property, accounts, chattel paper, equipment, goods,
         instruments, general intangibles, inventory or proceeds, or securities
         backed by or representing an interest in such loans and any and all
         replacements, substitutions, distributions on or proceeds of any and
         all of the foregoing.

         (m) "Proceeds" means all "proceeds", as such term is defined in the
         Code.


         2. SECURITY INTEREST. Borrower hereby grants to Secured Party a
continuing security interest in all of its right, title and interest in, to and
under all Accounts, Current Accounts, Books, Chattel Paper, Contracts,
Documents, Equipment, Fixtures, General Intangibles, Inventory, Loans and
Proceeds (collectively, the "Collateral"). This grant is made for the purpose of
securing the Obligations owing by Borrower to Secured Party. Borrower promises
punctually to pay the Obligations when it is so required in accordance with the
obligations and any note or agreement evidencing the Obligations, including the
Second Amended Guaranty.

         3. SUBORDINATION. The security interests in the Collateral granted to
Secured Party are subordinate to and subject to liens or security interests that
Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage Capital, L.L.C. (the "Senior Creditor") may
now or hereafter have in the Collateral as a result of any indebtedness (the
"Senior Indebtedness") owed to the Senior Creditor.

         4. WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS. Borrower represents, warrants and
covenants to Secured Party as follows:

                  (a) Except for the security interests granted hereby and any
         other security interests authorized by this Agreement or any other
         agreement between Borrower and Secured Party, Borrower is, or, as to
         Collateral to be acquired by Borrower after the date hereof, will be,
         the owner of the Collateral free from any adverse lien, security
         interest or encumbrance other than those identified on the attached
         Exhibit A; and Borrower agrees to defend the Collateral and proceeds
         thereof against any claims and demands of all persons at any time
         claiming the same or any interest therein.

                                       3
<PAGE>





                  (b) The security interests hereby created are valid and
         Borrower has the authority and right to subject the Collateral to the
         security interests hereby created.

                  (c) All financial statements, certificates and other
         information concerning the financial condition of Borrower, and
         proceeds hereafter furnished by Borrower to Secured Party shall be in
         all respects true and correct at the time the same are provided and
         shall be deemed, for all purposes, to have been furnished by Borrower
         to Secured Party for the purpose of obtaining credit or an extension of
         credit.

                  (d) This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by a
         duly authorized officer of Borrower and constitutes the legal, valid
         and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its
         terms.

                  (e) Borrower does not conduct Borrower's business under any
         other name than that given above, and agrees not to change or
         reorganize the business entity under which it does business except upon
         the Secured Party's prior written approval.

                  (f) There are no actions or proceedings either threatened or
         pending against Borrower which might result in any material adverse
         change in Borrower's financial condition or materially affect any of
         Borrower's assets.

                  (g) Borrower's place of business or, if more than one, its
         chief executive office, is as set forth on the first page of this
         Agreement.

All of Borrower's warranties contained in this Section 4 shall be continuing
warranties until Borrower has no remaining Obligations to Secured Party.

         5. LOSS OR DEPRECIATION OF COLLATERAL. Borrower shall immediately
notify Secured Party of any vent causing a material loss or depreciation in
value of Collateral and the amount of such loss or depreciation.

         6. RECORDS, INSPECTION, AUDIT AND COVENANT FOR FURTHER ASSURANCES.

                  (a) At the request of Secured Party, Borrower will advise
         Secured Party of the places where its books of Accounts and records,
         including all records of the Collateral and the dispositions made
         thereof by Borrower and of its Accounts and all collections thereon,
         are kept and maintained.

                  (b) Borrower will keep and maintain such books and records
         with respect to the Collateral as Secured Party may from time to time
         reasonably prescribe for the purpose of enabling Secured Party to audit
         the same.

                  (c) Borrower shall at all reasonable times and from time to
         time allow Secured Party, by or through any of his agents, attorneys or
         accountants, to examine or inspect the Collateral wherever located and
         to examine, inspect and make extracts from Borrower's books and
         records. Borrower shall do, make, execute and deliver all such
         additional and


                                       4
<PAGE>




         further  acts, things, deeds, assurances and instruments as Secured
         Party may reasonably require, to assure to Secured Party its rights
         hereunder.

         7. PRESERVATION AND DISPOSITION OF THE COLLATERAL AND PROCEEDS.

                  (a) Borrower will keep the Collateral in good condition and
         will not waste or destroy any of the same. Borrower will not use the
         Collateral in violation of any statute or ordinance.

                  (b) Borrower will pay promptly when due all taxes, assessments
         and governmental charges upon or against the Collateral before the same
         become delinquent and before penalties accrue thereon.

                  (c) At its option, Secured Party may discharge taxes, liens,
         other encumbrances or security interests not otherwise authorized by
         this Agreement or any other agreement between Borrower and Secured
         Party at any time levied or placed on the Collateral and may pay for
         the maintenance and preservation of the Collateral. Borrower agrees to
         reimburse Secured Party, on demand, for any payment made or any expense
         incurred by Secured Party pursuant to the foregoing authorization.

                  (d) Borrower, at its own expense, shall keep all of the
         Collateral fully insured against loss or damage by fire, theft,
         explosion, business interruption, and all other risks, in such amounts,
         with such companies, under such policies, and in such form as shall be
         satisfactory to Secured Party.

                  (e) Borrower, unless in default, may use, consume and sell
         Inventory in carrying on its business in the ordinary course; but a
         sale in the ordinary course of business shall not include any transfer
         or sale in satisfaction, partial or complete, of a debt owed by
         Borrower. Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of
         Secured Party, otherwise sell or dispose of the Collateral or any
         portion thereof.

         8. COLLECTIONS. In the absence of contrary instructions from Secured
Party, Borrower at its own expense shall take all necessary action promptly to
collect its Accounts and Loans. Upon an Event of Default (as defined below) and
when and to the extent required by Secured Party, Borrower shall (a) pay or
deliver all cash proceeds of Accounts and Loans to Secured Party immediately
upon receipt in the exact form received without commingling with other property,
or (b) immediately upon receipt, deposit all such proceeds in a collateral
collection account established and controlled by Secured Party at a financial
institution of its choosing, and/or (c) notify account Borrowers that their
accounts, Loans and/or contract rights (to the extent included in Accounts) have
been assigned to Secured Party and shall be paid directly to Secured Party. At
its option, at any time after an Event of Default and at Borrower's expense,
Secured Party may, in addition to its other rights hereunder, sue, compromise on
terms it considers proper, endorse, sell or otherwise deal with the Accounts and
Loans and proceeds of any Collateral either in its own name or that of Borrower.
After deduction of any expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys fees
and expenses, to the extent permitted under applicable law, all proceeds
received by Secured Party may be applied by Secured Party to payment of any
Obligations, if due, whether at maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, in such
order as Secured Party may choose. At any time and from time to

                                       5
<PAGE>




time, Secured Party may make like application of the balance of the collateral
collection account or it may release all or a part of the balance to Borrower.

         9. ASSIGNMENTS, INVOICES AND INFORMATION.  At Secured Party's request,
Borrower shall:

                  (a) give Secured Party assignments in the form specified by
         Secured Party of specific Accounts and Loans as the Accounts and Loans
         arise;

                  (b) furnish Secured Party with the original or a copy of
         invoices, and contracts applicable to each Account and Loan noting
         thereon, if Secured Party so requires, Secured Party's assignment and
         any additional statement required; and/or

                  (c) notify Secured Party immediately if any Account or Loan
         arises out of a contract with the United States or any of its agencies
         and take any action required by Secured Party with reference to the
         Federal Assignment of Claims Act.

         10. NOTATION OF ASSIGNMENT, INFORMATION AND PAYMENT OF ACCOUNTS. When
and to the extent required by Secured Party, Borrower shall:

                  (a) mark records of Accounts, Loans and contract rights (to
         the extent included in Accounts) in a manner satisfactory to Secured
         Party to show Secured Party's interest therein;

                  (b) furnish to Secured Party satisfactory evidence of
         performance of contracts and Loans; and

                  (c) give Secured Party lists of account Borrowers (showing
         names, addresses and amounts owing) and such other data concerning its
         Accounts and Loans as Secured Party may from time to time specify.

         11. FINANCING STATEMENTS.

                  (a) Borrower irrevocably authorizes Secured Party to prepare
         and file any financing statement, amendments, continuations, and all
         other documents, as Secured Party deems necessary to perfect and
         maintain the security interest and lien granted herein. This
         authorization shall remain in full force and effect and may be relied
         on by Secured Party as long as any Obligations remain outstanding.

                  (b) Borrower agrees to promptly execute and deliver to Secured
         Party, concurrently with this Agreement and at any time thereafter, at
         Secured Party's request, all financing statements, assignments,
         promissory notes, certificates of title, affidavits, reports, notices,
         schedules of Accounts, designations of Inventory, letters of authority,
         stock certificates and any and all other documents and agreements, in
         form satisfactory to Secured Party, to perfect and maintain its
         security interest in the Collateral.


                                       6
<PAGE>



                  (c) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or any
         other agreement between Borrower and Secured Party, without the prior
         written consent of Secured Party, Borrower will not allow or suffer any
         adverse financing statement covering the Collateral, or any portion
         thereof, to be on file in any public office.

         12. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Borrower shall be in default under this
Agreement and all Obligations of Borrower to Secured Party shall, without demand
or notice of any kind and notwithstanding the maturity date or dates expressed
in any evidence of any Obligations, become immediately due and payable upon the
happening of any of the following events of default ("Events of Default"):

                  (a) Default in the punctual payment or performance of any of
         the Obligations referred to herein, or any part thereof, following any
         grace period provided in the written documents evidencing the
         Obligations;

                  (b) Default in the punctual performance of any covenant or
         agreement contained in or referred to herein following any applicable
         grace period;

                  (c) Any warranty, representation or statement made or
         furnished to Secured Party by or on behalf of Borrower proves to have
         been false in any material respect when made or furnished;

                  (d) Loss, theft, encumbrance (except as permitted hereunder)
         to or of a material portion or all of the Collateral;

                  (e) Any sale, merger, consolidation or other disposition of
         Borrower of any substantial portion of its assets or property, except
         in the ordinary course of business;

                  (f) The closure of the business of Borrower, or the
         dissolution or liquidation of Borrower, or Borrower not being qualified
         to conduct business in any jurisdiction in which its failure to conduct
         business would have a material adverse effect on Borrower or its
         business;

                  (g) Any of the following events continuing for sixty (60) days
         or more:

                           (i) The execution by Borrower of any assignment for
                  the benefit of creditors;

                           (ii) The levy against the Collateral of any
                  execution, attachment, sequestration or other writ;

                           (iii) The appointment of a receiver of Borrower, of
                  the Collateral, or of any substantial part thereof;

                           (iv) The filing by or against Borrower of any
                  petition under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or any
                  similar federal or state statute; or



                                       7
<PAGE>




                           (v) The insolvency of Borrower;

                  (h) Any default of Borrower under the terms of any security
         agreement or promissory note with any third party, which default is not
         cured within the time, if any, provided for cure in such security
         agreement or promissory note and/or the commencement or undertaking by
         any third party of efforts to enforce any security interest in the
         Collateral; or

                  (i) The filing or attachment of any tax lien, or any other
         form of lien or levy to any or all of the Collateral, which lien or
         levy is not effectively stayed, discharged, or indemnified against, to
         the Secured Party's satisfaction, within sixty (60) days after such
         filing or attachment.

         13. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. Upon the occurrence of any Event of
Default, and at any time thereafter, Secured Party shall have the rights and
remedies of a secured party under the Code in addition to the rights and
remedies provided herein or in any other instrument or agreement executed by
Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Borrower expressly
agrees that in any such event Secured Party, without demand of performance or
other demand, advertisement or notice of any kind (except the notice specified
below of time and place of public or private sale) to or upon Borrower or any
other person (all and each of which demands, advertisements and/or notices are
hereby expressly waived), may forthwith collect, receive, appropriate and
realize upon the Collateral, or any part thereof, and/or may forthwith sell,
lease, assign, give an option or options to purchase or sell or otherwise
dispose of and deliver the Collateral (or contract to do so), or any part
thereof, in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any
exchange broker's board or at any of Secured Party's offices or elsewhere at
such prices as Secured Party may deem best, for cash or on credit or for future
delivery without assumption of any credit risk. Secured Party shall have the
right upon any such public sale or sales and, to the extent permitted by law,
upon any such private sale or sales, to purchase the whole or any part of the
Collateral so sold, free of any right of equity of redemption, which equity of
redemption Borrower hereby releases. Secured Party may require Borrower to
assemble the Collateral and proceeds and make them available to Secured Party at
a place to be designated by Secured Party which is reasonably convenient to all
parties. Secured Party shall apply the net proceeds of any such collection,
recovery, receipt, appropriation, realization or sale after deducting all
reasonable costs and expenses of every kind incurred therein or incidental to
the care, safe-keeping or otherwise of any or all of the Collateral or in any
way relating to the rights of Secured Party hereunder, including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, to the payment in whole or
in part of the Obligations, in such order as Secured Party may elect, Borrower
remaining liable for any deficiency remaining unpaid after such application, and
only after so paying over such net proceeds and after the payment by Secured
Party of any other amount required by any provision of law, need Secured Party
account for the surplus, if any, to Borrower. To the extent permitted by
applicable law, Borrower waives all claims, damages and demands against Secured
Party arising out of the repossession, retention or sale of the Collateral.
Unless the Collateral is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or
is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, Secured Party will give
Borrower reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale thereof or
of the time after which any private sale or other intended disposition thereof
is to be made. The requirement of reasonable notice shall be met if such notice
is mailed, postage prepaid, to the address of Borrower, at least ten (10) days
before the time of the sale or disposition.


                                       8
<PAGE>




Borrower shall pay to Secured Party on demand any and all expenses, including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, to the extent
permitted under applicable law, incurred or paid by Secured Party in protecting
or enforcing the Obligations and other rights of Secured Party hereunder
including his rights to take possession of Collateral and proceeds thereof.

         14. SECURED PARTY'S APPOINTMENT AS ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. Borrower hereby
irrevocably constitutes and appoints Secured Party, with full power of
substitution, as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full power and
authority in the place and stead of Borrower and in the name of Borrower or in
its own name, from time to time in the sole and absolute discretion of Secured
Party, for the purpose of carrying out the terms of this Agreement, to take any
and all appropriate action and to execute any and all documents and instruments,
including without limitation, any financing statements necessary or helpful to
perfect or continue Secured Party's security interest in the Collateral, which
may be necessary or desirable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement. This
power of attorney being coupled by an interest shall be irrevocable so long as
any Obligations remain unpaid. All acts of any such attorney are ratified and
approved, and except for willful misconduct, he or she will not be liable for
any act or omission or for any error of judgment or mistake of law.

         15. SECURITY NOT CONTINGENT. Secured Party's rights under this
Agreement shall not be contingent upon the exercise or enforcement by Secured
Party of any other rights or remedies he may have against Borrower or others. No
election by Secured Party to proceed in one form of action or proceeding, or
against any party, or on any obligation, shall constitute a waiver of Secured
Party's right to enforce his rights under this Agreement.

         16. GENERAL. Secured Party shall not be deemed to have waived any of
its rights hereunder or under any other agreement or instrument signed by
Borrower unless such waiver be in writing and signed by Secured Party. No delay
or omission on the part of Secured Party in exercising any right shall operate
as a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver on any one occasion shall
not be construed as a bar to or waiver of any right or remedy on any future
occasion. All of Secured Party's rights and remedies, whether evidenced hereby
or by any other agreement or instrument, shall be cumulative and may be
exercised singularly or concurrently. Any demand upon or notice to Borrower that
Secured Party may elect to give shall be effective when deposited in the mails
addressed to Borrower at its principal place of business. Demands or notices
addressed to Borrower's address at which Secured Party customarily communicates
with Borrower shall also be effective. This Agreement shall be terminated only
by the filing of a termination statement in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the Code and/or when there are no outstanding Obligations and no
commitments on the part of Borrower to Secured Party under any agreement which
might give rise to any Obligations. Prior to such termination this shall be a
continuing agreement in every respect. This Agreement and all rights and
obligations hereunder including matters of construction, validity and
performance, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Michigan. This
Agreement is intended to take effect when signed by Borrower and delivered to
Secured Party. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall constitute one
instrument. Facsimile copies of signatures to this Agreement shall be deemed to
be originals, and the parties may rely upon such facsimile copies to the same
extent as the originals.


   [Remainder of page intentionally left blank. Signatures on following page.]

                                       9
<PAGE>




         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Second Amended and
Restated Security Agreement as of the day and year above written.

                                "BORROWER"

                                BINGHAM FINANCIAL SERVICES
                                CORPORATION, a Michigan  corporation

                                By: /s/  Ronald A. Klein
                                   --------------------------------------------

                                Its:     Chief Executive Officer
                                    -------------------------------------------



                                "SECURED PARTY"

                                SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan corporation

                                By: /s/  Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                   --------------------------------------------

                                Its:        Chief Financial Officer
                                    -------------------------------------------













                                     10

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.47
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w47.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED & RESTATED STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.47



                   AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT

         THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is
made as of December 30, 2002 by BINGHAM FINANCIAL SERVICES CORPORATION, a
Michigan corporation whose address is 260 E. Brown Street, Suite 200,
Birmingham, Michigan 48009 ("Pledgor"), in favor of SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a
Michigan corporation whose address is 31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145,
Farmington Hills, MI 48334 ("Secured Party").

                                    RECITALS:

         A. Pledgor has executed and delivered to Sun Communities Operating
Limited Partnership ("SCOLP") a Stock Pledge Agreement dated December 13, 1999,
(the "Original Pledge Agreement"), pursuant to which Pledgor pledged its stock
in Hartger & Willard Mortgage Associates, Inc. ("H&W") and another former
subsidiary of Pledgor to SCOLP to secure the performance by Pledgor of, among
other obligations, Pledgor's obligations under a guaranty (the "Original
Guaranty") of the obligations of Origen Financial L.L.C. ("Origen") under a line
of credit (the "Line of Credit") from SCOLP to Origen and a term loan (the "Term
Loan") from SCOLP to Origen.

         B. SCOLP has assigned its interest in the Original Pledge Agreement,
the Original Guaranty, the Line of Credit and the Term Loan and related
documents to Secured Party pursuant to an Assignment of Loans of even date
herewith.

         C. The Line of Credit has been amended and is evidenced by a Second
Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement dated December 4, 2002 between
Pledgor and SCOLP, as amended by a First Amendment to Second Amended and
Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement of even date herewith between Origen and
Secured Party and a Seventh Amended and Restated Promissory Note of even date
herewith in the principal amount of $48,000,000 delivered by Origen to Secured
Party.

         D. The Term Loan has been amended and is evidenced by a Subordinated
Term Loan Agreement dated December 4, 2002 between Pledgor and SCOLP, as amended
by a First Amendment to Subordinated Term Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Origen and Secured Party and a First Amended and Restated Term
Promissory Note of even date herewith in the principal amount of $10,000,000
delivered by Origen to Secured Party.

         E. The Original Guaranty has been amended by the Second Amended and
Restated Guaranty (the "Second Amended Guaranty") of even date herewith
delivered by Pledgor to Secured Party.

         F. To secure the payment of all amounts due to Secured Party by Pledgor
under the Second Amended Guaranty and to secure all of Pledgor's other
obligations to Secured Party of any nature now or in the future owing from
Pledgor to Secured Party (the "Obligations"), Pledgor and Secured Party desire
to amend and restate the Original Pledge Agreement in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and the mutual
covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

         1. GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST. As security for the prompt and complete
payment and performance when due of all liabilities, obligations or indebtedness
owing by Pledgor to Secured Party under the Second Amended Guaranty and all of
Pledgor's other obligations to Secured Party of any nature now or in the future
owing from Pledgor to Secured Party

<PAGE>

(collectively, the "Obligations"), Pledgor pledges and grants to Secured Party a
continuing security interest in, and lien on, all of Pledgor's right, title and
interest in and to the common stock and the preferred stock of H&W
(collectively, the "Shares"), together with all certificates, options, warrants
or other distributions or rights issued as an addition to, in substitution or in
exchange for, or on account of, the Shares, and all proceeds of the foregoing,
including, without limitation, any and all dividends, cash, instruments and
other property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed
in respect of, or in exchange for, any of the above (collectively, the "Pledged
Stock").

         2. DELIVERY OF CERTIFICATES. Concurrent with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, Secured Party has retained possession of the stock
certificates evidencing the Shares (the "Certificates"). The Certificates have
been retained by Secured Party in order to perfect the pledge established
hereunder and this Agreement shall be interpreted so as to cause the pledge of
the Shares to be perfected. Secured Party acknowledges that, for all other
purposes, Pledgor is the lawful and beneficial owner of the Shares. Secured
Party shall hold the Certificates in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement.

         3. FUTURE RECEIPTS. If Pledgor receives or becomes entitled to receive
any:

                  (a) stock certificate(s) issued in respect of the Pledged
         Stock, including, without limitation, any certificate representing a
         stock dividend or payable in respect of the Pledged Stock or issued in
         connection with any increase or reduction of capital, reclassification,
         merger, consolidation, sale of assets, combination of shares, stock
         split, spin-off or split-off;

                  (b) option, warrant or right, whether issued as an addition
         to, in substitution or in exchange for, or on account of, any of the
         Pledged Stock; or

                  (c) dividends or distributions on the Pledged Stock payable
         other than in cash, including securities issued by a party other than
         H&W;

Pledgor shall accept the same as Secured Party's agent, in trust for Secured
Party, and shall deliver same to Secured Party, in the exact form received with,
as applicable, Pledgor's endorsement when necessary or appropriate stock powers
duly executed in blank. Any property received by Secured Party hereunder shall
be held by Secured Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement as additional
security for the Obligations.

         4. CASH DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS. Upon the occurrence of any
violation or breach by Pledgor of the terms and conditions of the Guaranty or
this Agreement (an "Event of Default"), Pledgor may receive for its own use all
cash dividends and distributions on the Pledged Stock.

         5. VOTING AND OTHER RIGHTS. So long as no Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, Pledgor may exercise any and all voting and other consensual
rights with respect to the Pledged Stock for any purpose not inconsistent with
the terms of this Agreement.

         6. SECURED PARTY'S DUTIES. Subject to applicable law, Secured Party
shall have no duty with respect to the Pledged Stock beyond the exercise of
reasonable care to assume the safe custody of the Pledged Stock while held
hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Secured Party shall
have no obligation to take any steps to preserve rights in the Pledged Stock
against any other parties or to exercise any rights represented thereby;
provided, however, that Secured Party may, at its option, do so and Pledgor
shall reimburse the Secured Party for all expenses incurred in connection
therewith.

         7. COVENANTS AND WARRANTS OF PLEDGOR. Pledgor covenants that, until the




                                     - 2 -

<PAGE>

Obligations have been satisfied in full, Pledgor will not sell, convey or
otherwise dispose of any of the Pledged Stock or any interest therein, or
create, incur, or permit to exist any pledge, mortgage, lien, charge,
encumbrance or any security interest whatsoever in or with respect to any of the
Pledged Stock except for that created hereby. Pledgor warrants, and will at the
Pledgor's expense defend, the Secured Party's right, title and security interest
in and to the Pledged Stock against the claims of any person.

         8. EVENT OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of an Event of
Default, the Secured Party, in its discretion, shall have the right to exercise
each and all of the following remedies (which remedies are cumulative and are in
addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law,
including, without limitation, the rights and remedies of a secured party under
the Michigan Uniform Commercial Code):

                  (a) Cash Dividends. All cash dividends and distributions on
                  the Pledged Stock shall be paid to the Secured Party. In the
                  event Pledgor shall receive any such cash dividends or
                  distributions, Pledgor shall hold same as Secured Party's
                  agent, in trust for Secured Party, and shall deliver same to
                  Secured Party in the exact form received with the Pledgor's
                  endorsement when necessary.

                  (b) Voting Rights. Secured Party, at its option, may vote the
                  Pledged Stock in its discretion. Pledgor hereby grants to
                  Secured Party or its nominee an irrevocable proxy to exercise
                  all voting and other rights and privileges relating to the
                  Pledged Stock, which proxy shall be effective immediately upon
                  the occurrence of an Event of Default and written notice to
                  Pledgor of Secured Party's election to exercise such proxy,
                  and shall be coupled with an interest. After the occurrence of
                  an Event of Default and upon request of Secured Party, Pledgor
                  agrees to deliver to Secured Party such further evidence of
                  such irrevocable proxy to vote the Pledged Stock as Secured
                  Party may request. Any or all of the Pledge Stock held by
                  Secured Party hereunder may at any time be registered in the
                  name of Secured Party or its nominee, and upon Secured Party's
                  request, Pledgor will cause the issuer of the Pledged Stock to
                  effect such registration. Pledgor hereby appoints Secured
                  Party as its attorney-in-fact to arrange for the transfer of
                  the Pledged Stock to the name of Secured Party or its nominee
                  and all acts of Secured Party as attorney-in-fact are hereby
                  ratified and confirmed and such power is coupled with an
                  interest and is irrevocable until the Obligations are paid in
                  full. Secured Party may exercise all rights and privileges
                  herein granted with respect to the Pledged Stock without
                  liability and Secured Party shall have no duty to exercise any
                  of the aforesaid rights or privileges and shall not be
                  responsible for any failure to do so or delay in so doing.

                  (c) Disposition of Pledged Stock. Secured Party may, without
                  demand of performance or other demand, advertisement or notice
                  of any kind (except the notice specified below of time and
                  place of public or private sale) to Pledgor or any other
                  person realize upon the Pledged Stock or any part thereof, and
                  may sell or otherwise dispose of and deliver the Pledged Stock
                  or any part thereof or interest therein, in one or more
                  parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange,
                  broker's board or at the Secured Party's offices or elsewhere,
                  at such prices and on such terms (including, without
                  limitation, a requirement that any purchaser purchase the
                  Pledged Stock for investment and without any intention to make
                  a distribution thereof) as they may deem best, for cash or on
                  credit, or for future delivery without assumption of any
                  credit risk, with the right to Secured Party or any purchaser
                  to purchase upon any such sale the whole or any part of the
                  Pledged Stock free of any right or equity of redemption in
                  Pledgor, which right or equity is hereby expressly waived and
                  released. Secured Party need not give more than five (5) days
                  notice of the time and place of any public sale or of the time



                                     - 3 -

<PAGE>

                  after which a private sale may take place, which notice
                  Pledgor hereby deems reasonable.

                  (d) Application of Proceeds. Any cash dividend or distribution
                  received by Secured Party and the proceeds of any disposition
                  of the Pledged Stock by Secured Party shall be applied as
                  follows:

                                    (i) First, to the costs and expenses
                           incurred in connection with enforcing this Agreement
                           or incidental thereto or to the care or safekeeping
                           of any of the Pledged Stock or in any way relating to
                           the rights of Secured Party, including reasonable
                           attorneys' fees and legal expenses;

                                    (ii) Second, to the satisfaction of the
                           Obligations;

                                    (iii) Third, to the payment of any other
                           amounts required by applicable law (including,
                           without limitation, the Michigan Uniform Commercial
                           Code); and

                                    (iv) Fourth, to Pledgor to the extent of any
                           surplus proceeds.

         9. FURTHER ASSURANCES. Pledgor shall, at any time and from time to
time, upon the written request of Secured Party, execute and deliver such
further documents and do such further acts and things as Secured Party may
reasonably request to effect the purposes of this Agreement.

         10. TERMINATION. Upon the satisfaction in full of the Obligations and
the payment of all additional costs and expenses of Secured Party hereunder,
this Agreement shall terminate and Secured Party shall deliver, or cause to be
delivered, to Pledgor the Certificates necessary to transfer title to the Shares
to Pledgor.

         11. WITHHOLDING TAXES. Pledgor shall pay all withholding taxes on the
Shares, and Pledgor hereby indemnifies Secured Party and its officers,
directors, agents and representatives from and against any and all liability
associated with the withholding taxes on the Shares.

         12. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.

                  (a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and
enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Michigan.

                  (b) All of the terms contained herein shall survive the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, and shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by and against, the parties and
their respective successors, assigns, heirs at law, legal representatives and
estates.

                  (c) This Agreement and any other documents executed in
connection herewith together constitute the full and entire understanding and
agreement among the parties with respect to the transactions herein
contemplated, and shall supersede all prior understandings or agreements
relating thereto, whether written or oral, all of which are declared to be null
and void and of no further force or effect.

                  (d) This Agreement may only be amended or modified, and any of
the terms, conditions, covenants, representations or warranties contained herein
may only be waived, by a written instrument duly executed by the parties.



                                     - 4 -

<PAGE>

                  (e) The paragraph headings in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construing this
Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and all counterparts,
when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same agreement. Facsimile
copies of signatures to this Agreement shall be deemed to be originals, and the
parties may rely upon such facsimile copies to the same extent as the originals.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated
Stock Pledge Agreement as of the day and year above written.


                                     PLEDGOR:

                                     BINGHAM FINANCIAL SERVICES
                                     CORPORATION, a Michigan corporation


                                     By:    /s/  Ronald A. Klein
                                        ----------------------------------------

                                     Its:    Chief Executive Officer
                                          --------------------------------------



                                     SECURED PARTY:

                                     SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan
                                     corporation

                                     By:        /s/  Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                              ----------------------------------

                                     Its:        Chief Financial Officer
                                              ----------------------------------







                                     - 5 -


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.48
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w48.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED & RESTATED MEMBERSHIP PLEDGE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.48



                AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMBERSHIP PLEDGE AGREEMENT

         THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMBERSHIP PLEDGE AGREEMENT (this
"Agreement") is made as of December 30, 2002 by BINGHAM FINANCIAL SERVICES
CORPORATION, a Michigan corporation whose address is 260 E. Brown Street, Suite
200, Birmingham, Michigan 48009 ("Pledgor"), in favor of SUN HOME SERVICES,
INC., a Michigan corporation whose address is 31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145,
Farmington Hills, MI 48334 ("Secured Party").

                                    RECITALS:

         A. Pledgor has executed and delivered to Sun Communities Operating
Limited Partnership ("SCOLP") a Membership Pledge Agreement dated December 13,
1999, (the "Original Pledge Agreement"), pursuant to which Pledgor pledged its
membership interests in Bloomfield Acceptance Company, L.L.C., and Bloomfield
Servicing Company, L.L.C. (the "Subsidiaries") to secure the performance by
Pledgor of, among other obligations, Pledgor's obligations under a guaranty (the
"Original Guaranty") of the obligations of Origen Financial L.L.C. ("Origen")
under a line of credit (the "Line of Credit") from SCOLP to Origen and a term
loan (the "Term Loan") from SCOLP to Origen.

         B. SCOLP has assigned its interest in the Original Pledge Agreement,
the Original Guaranty, the Line of Credit and the Term Loan and related
documents to Secured Party pursuant to an Assignment of Loans of even date
herewith.

         C. The Line of Credit has been amended and is evidenced by a Second
Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement dated December 4, 2002 between
Pledgor and SCOLP, as amended by a First Amendment to Second Amended and
Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement of even date herewith between Origen and
Secured Party and a Seventh Amended and Restated Promissory Note of even date
herewith in the principal amount of $48,000,000 delivered by Origen to Secured
Party.

         D. The Term Loan has been amended and is evidenced by a Subordinated
Term Loan Agreement dated December 4, 2002 between Pledgor and SCOLP, as amended
by a First Amendment to Subordinated Term Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Origen and Secured Party and a First Amended and Restated Term
Promissory Note of even date herewith in the principal amount of $10,000,000
delivered by Origen to Secured Party.

         E. The Original Guaranty has been amended by the Second Amended and
Restated Guaranty (the "Second Amended Guaranty") of even date herewith
delivered by Pledgor to Secured Party.

         F. To secure the payment of all amounts due to Secured Party by Pledgor
under the Second Amended Guaranty and to secure all of Pledgor's other
obligations to Secured Party of any nature now or in the future owing from
Pledgor to Secured Party (the "Obligations"), Pledgor and Secured Party desire
to amend and restate the Original Pledge Agreement in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.



<PAGE>

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

         1. GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST. As collateral security for the prompt
and complete payment and performance when due (whether at the stated maturity,
by acceleration or otherwise) of all of the Obligations, Pledgor grants to the
Secured Party a first security interest in and to Pledgor's right, title and
interest as a member (the "Membership Interests") in each of the Subsidiaries,
including, without limitation, any and all moneys or other property payable or
to become payable to Pledgor or to which Pledgor now or in the future may be
entitled, in its capacity as a member in the Subsidiaries, including, without
limitation, by way of distribution, return of capital or otherwise in respect of
the Membership Interests, and, to the extent not otherwise included, all
"proceeds" of the Membership Interests as such term is defined in the Uniform
Commercial Code (the "Code") from time to time in effect in the State of
Michigan (collectively, the "Collateral").

         2. DISTRIBUTIONS. So long as no default has occurred and is continuing
under the Second Amended Guaranty or this Agreement (an "Event of Default"),
Pledgor shall be entitled to receive for its own use all distributions with
respect to the Membership Interests. If an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, Pledgor shall not be entitled to receive or retain other
distributions paid in respect of the Membership Interests, whether in redemption
of, or in exchange for the Membership Interests, or whether in connection with a
reduction of capital, capital surplus or paid-in surplus or the Membership
Interests or otherwise, other than for the payment of personal taxes of the
members of the Subsidiaries associated with their investment in Subsidiaries,
and any and all such dividends or distributions shall be forthwith delivered to
the Secured Party to hold as Collateral and shall, if received by Pledgor, be
received in trust for delivery to the Secured Party, be segregated from the
other property or accounts of Pledgor, and be forthwith delivered to the Secured
Party as Collateral in the same form as so received (with any necessary
endorsements), with such Proceeds to be applied by the Secured Party to reduce
the Obligations.

         3. REGISTRATION OF PLEDGE. Concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement, Pledgor has sent to each of the Subsidiaries written instructions in
the form of Exhibit A, and has obtained from each of the Subsidiaries an
executed acknowledgment and consent in the form of Exhibit A.

         4. VOTING RIGHTS. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, Pledgor may exercise all voting and membership rights with respect
to the Membership Interests; provided, however, that no vote will be cast or
membership right exercised or other action taken which would be inconsistent
with or result in a breach of any provision of the Second Amended Guaranty or
this Agreement.

         5. EVENT OF DEFAULT. If an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, the Secured Party may direct the Subsidiaries to register the
Membership Interests in the name of the Secured Party or its nominee, and the
Secured Party or its nominee may thereafter receive all distributions with
respect to, and exercise all voting, membership and other rights pertaining to,
the Membership Interests as if it were the absolute owner of the Membership
Interests.



                                      -2-

<PAGE>

         6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PLEDGOR. Pledgor represents and
warrants to the Secured Party that (a) Pledgor is the record and beneficial
owner of, and has good and legal title to, the Membership Interests, free of any
and all liens or options in favor of, or claims of, any other person, except the
lien created by this Agreement, and (b) Pledgor has the legal right to execute
and deliver, to perform its obligations under, and to grant the security
interest in the Collateral pursuant to, this Agreement.

         7. ASSIGNMENT; PLEDGE; AMENDMENT. Without the prior written consent of
the Secured Party, Pledgor will not (i) sell, assign, transfer, exchange or
otherwise dispose of, or grant any option with respect to, the Collateral; (ii)
create or permit to exist any lien or option in favor of, or any claim of, any
person with respect to any of the Collateral, except, in either case, for the
lien created by this Agreement; or (iii) amend or modify the operating agreement
of any of the Subsidiaries (as amended from time to time, collectively, the
"Operating Agreements"), or enter into any agreement or arrangement with any
Subsidiary or its respective members which amends or modifies the rights and
obligations of such Subsidiary and its respective members as set forth in such
Subsidiary's Operating Agreement. Pledgor will defend the right, title and
interest of the Secured Party in and to the Collateral against the claims and
demands of all other persons.

         8. FURTHER ASSURANCES. At any time and from time to time, upon the
written request of the Secured Party, Pledgor will promptly execute and deliver
such further instruments and documents and take such further actions as the
Secured Party may reasonably request for the purposes of obtaining or preserving
the security interest created by this Agreement, including, without limitation,
the filing of any financing or continuation statements under the Code. Pledgor
authorizes the Secured Party to file any such financing or continuation
statement without the signature of Pledgor to the extent permitted by applicable
law.

         9. REMEDIES. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the
Secured Party may exercise, in addition to all rights and remedies granted in
the Guaranty and this Agreement, all rights and remedies of a secured party
under the Code. The rights and remedies of the Secured Party are cumulative, may
be exercised singly or concurrently, and are not exclusive of any rights or
remedies provided by law.

         10. ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. Pledgor irrevocably constitutes and appoints the
Secured Party, or its representative, with full power of substitution, as its
true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full irrevocable power and authority in
the place and stead of Pledgor, and in the name of Pledgor or in the Secured
Party's name, after an Event of Default has occurred and for so long as it is
continuing, for the purpose of carrying out the terms of this Agreement.
Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, the Secured Party may
not exercise the rights granted to them in this Section 10 unless the Pledgor
has been provided with prior written notice of such exercise. The powers
conferred on the Secured Party are solely to protect its interests in the
Collateral and will not impose any duty upon the Secured Party to exercise any
such powers. The Secured Party will be accountable only for amounts that it
actually receives as a result of the exercise of such powers, and neither the
Secured Party, nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents will be
responsible to Pledgor or to the Subsidiaries for any act or failure to act.



                                     - 3 -

<PAGE>

         11. LIMITATION ON DUTIES REGARDING COLLATERAL. The Secured Party's sole
duty with respect to the custody, safekeeping and physical preservation of the
Collateral in its possession, under the Code or otherwise, will be to deal with
it in the same manner as the Secured Party deals with similar securities and
property for its own account. Neither the Secured Party, nor any of its
directors, officers, employees or agents will be liable for failure to demand,
collect or realize upon any of the Collateral or for any delay in doing so or,
except as provided by applicable law, will be under any obligation to sell or
otherwise dispose of any Collateral upon the request of Pledgor or otherwise.

         12. NO WAIVER. The Secured Party will not by any act, delay, omission
or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy under this Agreement
or to have acquiesced in any Event of Default or in any breach of any of the
terms and conditions of this Agreement except by a written instrument executed
by the Secured Party. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or
privilege under this Agreement will preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. A waiver by the
Secured Party of any right or remedy under this Agreement on any one occasion
will not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which the Secured Party
would otherwise have on any future occasion.

         13. AMENDMENTS. The terms and provisions of this Agreement may not be
waived or modified except by a written instrument executed by Pledgor and the
Secured Party.

         14. BENEFIT AND BINDING EFFECT. This Agreement will be binding upon the
successors and permitted assigns of Pledgor and will inure to the benefit of the
Secured Party and its successors and assigns.

         15. COUNTERPARTS; REPRODUCTIONS. This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which
together shall constitute one instrument. Facsimile copies of signatures to this
Agreement shall be deemed to be originals, and the parties may rely upon such
facsimile copies to the same extent as the originals.

         16. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Michigan.



                         [signatures on following page]







                                     - 4 -


<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated
Stock Pledge Agreement as of the day and year above written.


                                    PLEDGOR:

                                    BINGHAM FINANCIAL SERVICES
                                    CORPORATION, a Michigan corporation


                                    By:    /s/   Ronald A. Klein
                                           ----------------------------------

                                    Its:   Chief Executive Officer
                                           ----------------------------------



                                    SECURED PARTY:

                                    SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan
                                    corporation

                                    By: /s/ Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                        -------------------------------------

                                    Its: Chief Financial Officer
                                         ------------------------------------







                                     - 5 -


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.49
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w49.txt
<DESCRIPTION>2ND AMENDED & RESTATED PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>



                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.49

              SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT

         THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT ("Agreement")
by and among SUN HOME SERVICES, INC. ("Lender"), WOODWARD HOLDING, LLC
("Woodward") and the MILTON M. SHIFFMAN SPOUSE'S MARITAL TRUST UNDER TRUST
AGREEMENT DATED APRIL 22, 1994 (the "Trust" and together with Woodward, the
"Participants") is entered into as of December 30, 2002.

                                    RECITALS

         A. Lender, as assignee of Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership
("SCOLP"), has provided to Origen Financial L.L.C. (the "Borrower") a line of
credit facility in the amount of $48,000,000 (the "Line of Credit") pursuant to
the terms and conditions of a certain Second Amended and Restated Subordinated
Loan Agreement of even date herewith, (the "Line of Credit Loan Agreement"), as
evidenced by a Seventh Amended and Restated Promissory Note of even date
herewith in the principal amount of $48,000,000 (the "Line of Credit Note")
executed and delivered by the Borrower.

         B. Lender, as assignee of SCOLP, has made a term loan in the amount of
$10,000,000 (the "Term Loan", and together with the Line of Credit, the "Origen
Loans") to Borrower pursuant to the terms and conditions of a certain
Subordinated Term Loan Agreement of even date herewith (the "Term Loan
Agreement", and together with the Line of Credit Loan Agreement, the "Loan
Agreements"), as evidenced by a Term Promissory Note of even date herewith in
the principal amount of $10,000,000 (the "Term Note" and together with the Line
of Credit Note, the "Origen Notes") executed and delivered by the Borrower. All
capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the
meanings ascribed to such terms in the Loan Agreements.

         C. The payment and performance of the Origen Notes is secured by
substantially all assets of the Borrower (the "Collateral") as described in and
evidenced by (i) a First Amended and Restated Security Agreement between
Borrower and Lender of even date herewith, (ii) a First Amended and Restated
Limited Liability Company Interest Security and Pledge Agreement between
Borrower and Lender of even date herewith, and (iii) a Second Amended and
Restated Stock Pledge Agreement between Borrower and Lender of even date
herewith (collectively, the "Collateral Documents"). The payment and performance
of the Origen Notes is guaranteed by Bingham Financial Services Corporation as
evidenced by a Second Amended and Restated Guaranty of even date herewith (the
"Guaranty"). The Loan Agreements, Origen Notes, Collateral Documents and
Guaranty together with all other documents, agreements and instruments executed
in connection therewith, are collectively referred to as the "Enumerated Loan
Documents."

         D. SCOLP and Woodward entered into an Amended and Restated
Participation Agreement dated as of March 22, 2002, as amended by the First
Amendment to Amended and Restated Participation Agreement dated as of June 18,
2002 and Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Participation Agreement dated
as of August 12, 2002 (the "Original

<PAGE>




Participation Agreement") under which Woodward purchased a participation in the
Participation Loan (as defined in Section 1 below). SCOLP assigned its rights,
duties and obligations in the Original Participation Agreement to Lender
pursuant to an Assignment of Loans of even date herewith.

         E. Lender has agreed to sell and Woodward has agreed to purchase an
additional participation interest in the Participation Loan on the terms and
conditions herein set forth.

         F. Lender has agreed to sell and the Trust has agreed to purchase a
participation in the Participation Loan on the terms and conditions herein set
forth.

         G. Lender, Woodward and the Trust desire to amend and restate the
Original Participation Agreement in its entirety in accordance with the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
undertakings herein contained, Lender and Participants hereby agree as follows:

         1. Participation. SCOLP has previously sold and Woodward has previously
purchased a participation interest (a "Participation") in the Line of Credit.
Lender hereby sells and Woodward hereby purchases an additional Participation in
the Line of Credit and the Term Loan so that Woodward's Participation in the
Origen Loans as a whole and in each of the Line of Credit and the Term Loan
separately is as set forth on the attached Exhibit A. Lender hereby sells and
the Trust hereby purchases a Participation in the Line of Credit and the Term
Loan so that the Trust's Participation in the Origen Loans as a whole and in
each of the Line of Credit and the Term Loan separately is as set forth on the
attached Exhibit A. Exhibit A also sets forth (i) Lender's retained interest in
the Origen Loans as a whole and in each of the Line of Credit and the Term Loan
separately, (ii) the amount of the Shared Committed Amount (as defined below),
(iii) each party's Participation Percentage, and (iv) the amounts of an
Non-Participation Loans (as defined below) made by any party. The percentage of
each Participant's participation interest in the Shared Committed Amount,
subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 3 below, shall be such
Participant's "Participation Percentage". The "Shared Committed Amount" means
the committed principal lending limit shared by the parties hereto under the
Origen Loans as set forth on Exhibit A. The "Participation Loan" shall mean the
Shared Committed Amount allocated to the Term Loan plus the Shared Committed
Amount allocated to the Line of Credit (including any amounts outstanding on the
date hereof and any Shared Committed Advances (as defined below) made
hereafter), each as set forth on Exhibit A, together with any Future Advances
(as defined in Section 3) in which Lender and Woodward from time to time acquire
and hold an interest pursuant to Section 3. The "Loan Documents" shall mean all
documents, agreements and instruments executed in connection with the
Participation Loan, including, without limitation, the Enumerated Loan
Documents. The interest of each Participant under this Agreement shall include
but not be limited to (a) participation in (i) the currently outstanding amounts
up to the Shared Committed Amount under the Line of Credit and the Term Loan,
including the right to receive payments of principal and interest payable under
the Origen Notes, and (ii) participation in any advances made under the Line of
Credit up to the Shared Committed




                                       2
<PAGE>

         Amount thereunder ("Shared Committed Advances"), and (b) the right to
(i) receive a pro rata portion of the commitment fee paid and payable by
Borrower with respect to the Shared Committed Amount, (ii) purchase, at its
option, interests in Future Advances pursuant to Section 3, (iii) receive the
proceeds received upon the disposition of the Collateral, and (iv) the benefits
and burdens arising from the Loan Documents as each of the Loan Documents is
amended by Lender (either individually or collectively) subsequent to the date
hereof in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, all for the pro rata
account and risk of each Participant to the extent of its Participation
Percentage in the Participation Loan. Each Participant's right to receive its
Participation Percentage in the interest, however, shall be limited to interest
which accrues and is paid on or after the date such Participant pays Lender for
its Participation in the Participation Loan. This Agreement constitutes a
nonrecourse sale of a Participation equal to each Participant's Participation
Percentage and shall not be construed as a loan by either Participant to Lender
or as a sale of securities by Lender to either Participant or as creating any
other relationship.

         2. Payment of Purchase Price.

                  a. Woodward has previously paid SCOLP the sum of $15,000,000
for the purchase of its undivided Participation in the Participation Loan. The
Trust has paid Lender the sum of $2,500,000 for the purchase of its undivided
Participation in the Participation Loan. During each calendar month during the
term of this Agreement, Lender shall fund all Shared Committed Advances for the
accounts of Lender and each Participant; provided, however, that each
Participant shall be obligated to remit to Lender such Participant's
Participation Percentage in such Shared Committed Advances in accordance with
this Section 2.

                  b. If during any calendar month the aggregate Shared Committed
Advances multiplied by Woodward's Participation Percentage exceed the aggregate
repayments of principal with respect to the Participation Loan multiplied by
Woodward's Participation Percentage by $500,000.00 or more, Woodward shall
deliver immediately available funds to Lender no later than five (5) business
days after the delivery of the monthly accounting required under Section 9 (or
such other date, as mutually agreed by Lender and Woodward) in an amount equal
to the total amount of the net Shared Committed Advance paid by Lender during
such month multiplied by Woodward's Participation Percentage. If during any
calendar month the aggregate Shared Committed Advances multiplied by Woodward's
Participation Percentage exceed the aggregate repayments of principal with
respect to the Participation Loan multiplied by Woodward's Participation
Percentage, but by less than $500,000.00, Woodward's pro rata portion of the
aggregate Shared Committed Advances shall be carried over to the following month
or months until they equal or exceed $500,000.00 at the end of any month, at
which time Woodward shall deliver to Lender Woodward's share of such net Shared
Committed Advances in accordance with the procedure set forth above.

                  c. If during any calendar month the aggregate Shared Committed
Advances multiplied by the Trust's Participation Percentage exceed the aggregate
repayments of principal with respect to the Participation Loan multiplied by the
Trust's Participation Percentage by $100,000.00 or more, the Trust shall deliver
immediately available funds to Lender no later than



                                       3
<PAGE>


five (5) business days after the delivery of the monthly accounting required
under Section 9 (or such other date, as mutually agreed by Lender and the Trust)
in an amount equal to the total amount of the net Shared Committed Advance paid
by Lender during such month multiplied by the Trust's Participation Percentage.
If during any calendar month the aggregate Shared Committed Advances multiplied
by the Trust's Participation Percentage exceed the aggregate repayments of
principal with respect to the Participation Loan multiplied by the Trust's
Participation Percentage, but by less than $100,000.00, the Trust's pro rata
portion of the aggregate Shared Committed Advances shall be carried over to the
following month or months until they equal or exceed $100,000.00 at the end of
any month, at which time the Trust shall deliver to Lender the Trust's share of
such net Shared Committed Advances in accordance with the procedure set forth
above.

                  d. Each Participant shall remit the purchase price for its
Participation in the Shared Committed Amount (including any Shared Committed
Advance) by wire transfer, in accordance with the following wire instructions:

         Bank:  Bank One, 611 Woodward Avenue, Detroit, MI 48226
         ABA #072000326
         For Credit to Sun Home Services, Inc.
         Account #1404854

         Each Participant's Participation under this Agreement with respect to
the Shared Committed Amount under the Origen Notes or any Shared Committed
Advances shall be effective as of the day the purchase price for such
Participation interest is received by Lender. The obligation of each Participant
to provide Lender with the purchase price of such Participant's Participation in
any Shared Committed Advance is irrevocable and shall be absolute and
unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any set-off,
counterclaim or defense to payment that such Participant may have or have had
against Lender.

         3. Future Advances.

                  a. If Lender or either Participant (an "Advancing Party"),
desires to loan money to Borrower after the date hereof (in addition to, and
exclusive of, any Shared Committed Advances) (a "Future Advance"), the Advancing
Party shall send the other parties to this Agreement (the "Other Parties") a
notice of the amount and other terms of the Future Advance; provided, however,
that an Advancing Party shall not be required to deliver such notice to the
Other Parties until such time as all Future Advances made by such Advancing
Party hereunder, in the aggregate, equal or exceed $1,000,000.00. Each Other
Party shall then have the right (but not the obligation) to purchase a
participation interest in the Future Advance equal to such Other Party's then
current Participation Percentage. If an Other Party does not respond to the
Advancing Party's notice within five (5) business days after the Other Party's
receipt of such notice (or such other date, as mutually agreed by the Advancing
Party and the Other Party), the Other Party shall be deemed to have declined to
purchase a participation interest in the Future Advance. If an Other Party
wishes to purchase a participation interest in the Future Advance, the Other
Party shall deliver immediately available funds to the Advancing Party no later
than five



                                       4
<PAGE>
(5) business days after the Advancing Party funds the Future Advance (or such
other date, as mutually agreed by the Advancing Party and the Other Party) in an
amount equal to the product of (i) the percentage interest purchased by the
Other Party in the Future Advance, multiplied by (ii) the total amount of the
Future Advance. Any participation in a Future Advance by an Other Party shall be
effective as of the day the purchase price for such participation interest is
received by the Advancing Party. To the extent an origination fee shall be
payable by Borrower in connection with any Future Advance, the Advancing Party
shall remit to or give a credit for a portion of such origination fee to the
extent of each Other Party's percentage interest in the total amount of the
Future Advance. If an Other Party purchases a participation interest in any
Future Advance, each Participant's Participation Percentage in the Participation
Loan shall be adjusted so that it is equal to (i) the total dollar amount of
such Participant's advances under the Participation Loan (without giving effect
to credits for or receipt of any origination fees), divided by (ii) the total
principal amount of the Participation Loan.

                  b. If Lender or the Trust is the Advancing Party with respect
to a Future Advance and Woodward does not purchase a participation interest in
the Future Advance or if such Future Advance is not yet offered to the Other
Parties in accordance with Section 3.a. above, then the entire amount of the
Future Advance shall be a "Non-Participation Loan." Currently outstanding
Non-Participation Loans are set forth on Exhibit A.

                  c. All indebtedness owing from Borrower to an Advancing Party
under a Non-Participation Loan shall at all times be wholly subordinate and
junior in right to payment in full of the Participation Loan and all Senior Debt
(as defined in the Loan Agreements). Upon the request of the Other Parties, the
Advancing Party agrees to enter into a subordination agreement reasonably
acceptable to the Other Parties effecting such subordination upon the making of
a Non-Participation Loan.

                  d. If an affiliate of Lender or either Participant is the
lender of record with respect to any advance constituting any part of the
Participation Loan or a Non-Participation Loan, upon the request of any party to
this Agreement, the parties agree to enter into (and to cause their respective
affiliates, as the case may be, to enter into) a mutually acceptable
intercreditor agreement on terms substantially in accordance with this
Agreement.

         4. Certificate of Participation. No participation certificate shall be
issued by Lender to Participants as this Agreement alone shall evidence the
Participants' participation interests in the Participation Loan.

         5. Receipt of Documents.

                  a. By entering into this Agreement, each Participant
acknowledges that it has received and is satisfied with and hereby approves the
form and substance of the Enumerated Loan Documents including any exhibits
thereto.

                  b. Each Participant acknowledges that it has received the same
information regarding the Borrower as has the Lender. Each Participant waives
any right to require Lender to



                                       5
<PAGE>
furnish or make available to such Participant any of the Lender's internal
credit analysis of the Borrower. Any such analysis was prepared solely for
internal purposes and each Participant acknowledges and agrees that it is not
and would not be entitled to rely thereon in making its credit decision.

     6. Application of Payments.

                  a. Promptly upon receipt by Lender of any payment of interest
on the Participation Loan, Lender shall remit to each Participant its share
thereof in an amount equal to the amount of the interest payment multiplied by
such Participant's Participation Percentage in the Participation Loan (after
deducting any amount due from such Participant to Lender under this Agreement).
Lender shall hold all repayments of principal on the Participation Loan during
any calendar month for the accounts of both Lender and the Participants;
provided, however, that Lender shall be obligated to remit to each Participant
its share thereof in an amount equal to the aggregate repayments of principal
multiplied by such Participant's Participation Percentage in the Participation
Loan (after deducting any amount due from such Participant to Lender under this
Agreement) in accordance with this Section 6.

                  b. If during any calendar month the aggregate repayments of
principal with respect to the Participation Loan multiplied by Woodward's
Participation Percentage exceed the Shared Committed Advances multiplied by
Woodward's Participation Percentage by $500,000.00 or more, Lender shall deliver
immediately available funds to Woodward no later than five (5) business days
after the delivery of the monthly accounting required under Section 9 (or such
other date, as mutually agreed by Lender and Woodward) in an amount equal to the
total amount of the net repayments of principal received during such month
multiplied by Woodward's Participation Percentage. If during any calendar month
the aggregate repayments of principal multiplied by Woodward's Participation
Percentage exceed the aggregate Shared Committed Advances multiplied by
Woodward's Participation Percentage, but by less than $500,000.00, such net
repayments of principal shall be carried over to the following month or months
until they equal or exceed $500,000.00 at the end of any month, at which time
Lender shall deliver to Woodward its share of such net repayments of principal
in accordance with the procedure set forth above.

                  c. If during any calendar month the aggregate repayments of
principal with respect to the Participation Loan multiplied by the Trust's
Participation Percentage exceed the Shared Committed Advances multiplied by the
Trust's Participation Percentage by $100,000.00 or more, Lender shall deliver
immediately available funds to the Trust no later than five (5) business days
after the delivery of the monthly accounting required under Section 9 (or such
other date, as mutually agreed by Lender and the Trust) in an amount equal to
the total amount of the net repayments of principal received during such month
multiplied by the Trust's Participation Percentage. If during any calendar month
the aggregate repayments of principal multiplied by the Trust's Participation
Percentage exceed the aggregate Shared Committed Advances multiplied by the
Trust's Participation Percentage, but by less than $100,000.00, such net
repayments of principal shall be carried over to the following month or months
until they equal or exceed $100,000.00 at the end of any month, at which time
Lender shall deliver to the



                                       6
<PAGE>

Trust its share of such net repayments of principal in accordance with the
procedure set forth above.

                  d. Without limiting the foregoing, all payments of principal
and interest received by the Lender from the Borrower (whether with respect to
the Participation Loan or a Non-Participation Loan and whether any such
Non-Participation Loan is evidenced by the Enumerated Loan Documents or other
Loan Documents) shall be applied first to the respective accounts of Lender and
each Participant in accordance with their interests in the Participation Loan
and then to amounts owing under any Non-Participation Loan.

         7. Reports, Notice of Default, etc. Lender shall promptly furnish to
each Participant copies of all reports and financial statements received from
Borrower pursuant to the Loan Documents. Lender shall have no responsibility to
either Participant for any errors or omissions in any such reports, financial
statements or other information and shall not otherwise be liable to either
Participant for failing to comply with the provisions of this Section, unless
such failure is due to Lender's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

         Lender shall promptly notify each Participant of the occurrence of any
Event of Default, as defined in the Loan Documents, of which the officer of
Lender responsible for the Origen Loans has actual knowledge. Similarly, each
Participant will promptly notify Lender and the other Participant of the
occurrence of any Event of Default under the Loan Documents of which the officer
of such Participant responsible for administration of such Participant's
interest has actual knowledge. Failure to give any notice required under this
Section shall not result in any liability of the any party to the other parties,
or relieve the parties from any of their obligations hereunder.

         8. Loan Documents. Lender shall hold all Loan Documents delivered in
connection with the Participation Loan for the benefit of itself and the
Participants in accordance with their respective proportionate shares. Lender
shall at all times keep proper books of account and records at its principal
office reflecting each Participant's proportionate share in the Participation
Loan, which records shall be accessible for inspection by each Participant at
all reasonable times during business hours and upon reasonable notice to Lender.

         9. Servicing of Participation Loan; Management and Enforcement of Loan
Documents. Lender shall be responsible for the normal routine servicing of loan
advances and payments under the Participation Loan on behalf of itself and each
Participant in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. No later than three
(3) business days after the end of each calendar month during the term of this
Agreement, Lender shall deliver to each Participant an accounting of all
advances, repayments and other activity with respect to the Participation Loan.
However, so long as Woodward has any outstanding Participation interest in the
Participation Loan, Lender and Woodward shall jointly manage and enforce the
terms of the Loan Documents. Specifically, without the prior written consent of
Woodward, Lender shall not (i) agree to any amendment or modification of any of
the Loan Documents of any kind or nature, (ii) waive any condition or provision
of the Loan Documents, (iii) declare any Event of Default or enforce any remedy
under the Loan Agreements or provided by law or in equity (whether such Event of
Default arises in



                                       7
<PAGE>

whole or in part from any Non-Participation Loan), or (iv) release any
Collateral securing the Participation Loan.

         10. Collection After Maturity. If Lender liquidates Collateral or
receives a payment after maturity of the Participation Loan, by acceleration or
otherwise, and whether pursuant to a demand for payment or as a result of legal
proceedings against Borrower or through payment by or action against any other
person in any way liable for the indebtedness evidenced by the Loan Documents,
or from any source whatsoever, such payment shall be applied in the following
order:

                  a. To the unreimbursed costs and expenses, including
attorney's fees, incurred by Lender or Participants, in effecting such recovery
or in enforcing any right or remedy under the Loan Documents or in realizing
upon the Collateral;

                  b. To accrued interest payable under the Participation Loan,
of which the portion due to each Participant shall be paid to each Participant;

                  c. To the unpaid principal amount of the Participation Loan,
of which the portion due to each Participant shall be paid to each Participant;
and

                  d. To the unpaid principal, interest and origination fees
payable with respect to any Non-Participation Loan (whether any such
Non-Participation Loan is evidenced by the Enumerated Loan Documents or other
Loan Documents).

         The foregoing notwithstanding, it is expressly understood that if any
loss (including any un-reimbursed expenses in connection with the Loan
Documents) is sustained with respect to the Participation Loan, that portion of
the total loss which is equal to each Participant's Participation Percentage
shall be borne by such Participant with the balance of the loss being borne by
Lender.

         11. Adjustments to Payments.

                  a. If (i) Lender shall pay an amount to a Participant pursuant
hereto in the belief or expectation that a related payment has been or will be
received or collected in connection with the Participation Loan, and (ii) such
related payment is not received or collected by Lender, then such Participant
will, within three (3) business days of demand by Lender, return such amount to
Lender, together with interest thereon at the overnight Federal Funds Rate. The
Federal Funds Rate shall be the weighted average of the rates on overnight
Federal Funds transactions, with members of the Federal Reserve System only,
arranged by federal funds brokers, as published as of such day by the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York.

                  b. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
if Lender determines at any time that any amount received or collected by Lender
with respect to the Participation Loan must be returned to Borrower or paid to
any other person or entity pursuant to any insolvency law or sharing clause or
otherwise, then Lender will not be required to distribute any portion thereof to
Participants and each Participant will, within three (3) business days of


                                       8
<PAGE>

demand by Lender, repay any portion thereof that Lender shall have distributed
to such Participant, together with interest thereon at such rate(s), if any, as
Lender shall be required to pay to Borrower or such other person or entity with
respect thereto.

                  c. If either Participant shall obtain any payment (whether
voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of setoff, or
otherwise) on account of its Participation in excess of its Participation
Percentage of payments on account of the Participation Loan, such Participant
shall promptly remit such excess to Lender.

         12. No Recourse; Limitation of Lender's Liability. Lender's only
obligation to Participants with respect to any payment of principal or of
interest on the Participation Loan or for any fees or other amounts payable by
Borrower under any of the Loan Documents shall be to remit to each Participant
its share of any such payment if, when, and as received by Lender. Neither
Lender nor either Participant shall have any recourse against another party to
this Agreement as a result of Borrower's failure to make any payment due under
the Participation Loan or for any fee or other amounts payable by Borrower under
the Loan Documents. Neither Lender nor either Participant shall have any
responsibility with respect to any representations, warranties or statements
made by Borrower in the Loan Documents. All losses, including but not limited to
those resulting from the foregoing matters, shall be borne by the parties in
proportion of their respective proportionate shares of the Participation Loan.

         Although Lender will exercise the same care in administering the
Participation Loan as if the Participation Loan were made entirely for Lender's
own account, Lender shall have no liability to either Participant for any loss
except for any actual loss suffered by such Participant due to Lender's own
gross negligence or willful misconduct.

         Without limiting the foregoing, Lender shall be fully protected in
relying upon any certificate, document or other communication which appears to
it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper person or
persons and upon the advice of legal counsel, independent accountants and other
appropriate experts (including those retained by Borrower), and shall not be
required to make any inquiry concerning the performance by Borrower of its
obligations under or compliance by Borrower with the terms and conditions of any
of the Loan Documents. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, Lender
shall not be deemed to be a trustee or fiduciary for either Participant in
connection with this participation, the Origen Loans or any Loan Documents, and
has no duties to either Participant.

         13. Reimbursement and Indemnification.

                  a. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, Lender and
each Participant (the "Indemnifying Party") shall reimburse each of the other
parties (the "Indemnified Parties") immediately on demand for each Indemnified
Party's proportion of all out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable
attorney's fees, incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with the
making, managing, or collection of the Participation Loan or Collateral or any
portion thereof, to the extent not recovered from Borrower, and shall indemnify
and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from and against the Indemnifying
Party's proportion of the amount of any



                                       9
<PAGE>

costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements),
claims, damages, actions, losses or liabilities, that the Indemnified Parties
may suffer or incur in connection with this Agreement or any of the Loan
Documents, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or any action
taken or omitted to be taken by the Indemnifying Party hereunder or thereunder
(collectively, the "Liabilities"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the
Indemnifying Party shall have no obligation to reimburse the Indemnified Parties
for any of the Indemnified Parties' fees or costs incurred in connection with
the negotiation, drafting or execution of this Agreement. In the event that an
Indemnified Party recovers any such amounts from Borrower after the Indemnifying
Party has reimbursed such Indemnified Party for its proportion of any or all
such Liabilities, such Indemnified Party shall return to the Indemnifying Party
its proportion of the amounts recovered from Borrower. Notwithstanding anything
else set forth in this Agreement, the obligations and indemnities under this
paragraph shall survive the payment in full of the Participation Loan and
termination of the Loan Documents and this Agreement.

                  b. In the event that the Indemnifying Party does not, on the
date on which the Indemnifying Party is advised by an Indemnified Party of the
payment by such Indemnified Party of any of the foregoing Liabilities, pay such
Indemnified Party in the amount of its proportionate share of Liabilities, the
Indemnifying Party shall pay such Indemnified Party, for each day until the date
of delivery to such Indemnified Party of such amount in immediately available
funds, interest on its proportionate share of the Liabilities at a rate equal to
the overnight Federal Funds Rate.

         14. Other Relationships with Borrower.

                  a. Lender and each Participant may accept deposits from, make
loans or otherwise extend credit to Borrower (in compliance with Section 3), and
generally engage in any kind of financial services business with Borrower, or
any affiliate of Borrower, and receive payment on such loans or extensions of
credit (subject to Section 3) and otherwise act with respect thereto fully and
without accountability to the other parties to this Agreement in the same manner
as if the Participation did not exist and the transactions described herein were
not in effect.

                  b. No Other Party shall have any interest in any collateral
(other than the Collateral) to support any Non-Participation Loans made by an
Advancing Party to or for the account of Borrower. Any payment by Borrower to an
Advancing Party under any Non-Participation Loans (whether voluntary,
involuntary, through the exercise of a right of setoff or otherwise) shall be
applied first in reduction of amounts outstanding under the Participation Loan.

                  c. No Advancing Party shall have any obligation to make any
claim against, or assert any lien upon or right of setoff against, any property
held by such party as security for a Non-Participation Loan which does not
constitute Collateral security for the Participation Loan.

         15. Lender's Warranties. Lender represents and warrants that:



                                       10
<PAGE>

                  a. Except pursuant to the Original Participation Agreement, it
has not heretofore sold, assigned or otherwise disposed of any interest in the
Origen Loans.

                  b. It has full power and authority to enter into and perform
this Agreement and the officer(s) of Lender signing the Agreement on behalf of
Participant have been duly authorized to do so.

                  c. It will remain in possession of the original Loan Documents
or duplicate original copies of the Loan Documents.

                  d. The principal amount outstanding as of the date of this
Agreement under the Origen Notes is $50,470,676.92.

                  e. Lender's officer responsible for the Origen Loans is not
aware of the existence of any Event of Default as defined in the Loan Documents
as of the date of this Agreement.

         Lender and each Participant agree that Lender has not made and shall
not at any time be deemed to have made any further representation or warranty,
express or implied, with respect to (i) the due execution, authenticity,
legality, accuracy, completeness, validity or enforceability of any of the Loan
Documents, (ii) the financial condition or creditworthiness or insolvency of
Borrower or any other entity which may have liability for the Participation
Loan, or the collectibility of the Participation Loan, or (iii) any other matter
having any relation to the Participation, the Participation Loan or the Loan
Documents.

         16. Participants' Warranties. Each Participant represents, warrants and
acknowledges that:

                  a. It has full power and authority to enter into and perform
this Agreement and the officers of such Participant signing the Agreement on
behalf of such Participant have been duly authorized to do so.

                  b. It has reviewed and approved the form and substance of each
of the Enumerated Loan Documents.

                  c. Its decision to purchase this Participation and any future
decisions it makes with respect to its Participation in the Participation Loan
was based and will be based solely on its own independent evaluation of the
Participation Loan, the creditworthiness of Borrower and any other entity which
may have liability for the Participation Loan, and its own investigation of the
legality, sufficiency, and enforceability of the Loan Documents, and of the
risks involved in the transactions contemplated in the Loan Documents and it is
not and will not rely on Lender with respect thereto.



                                       11
<PAGE>

         17. Assignment Upon Certain Events. Lender hereby assigns and transfers
to each Participant all right, title and interest of Lender, if any, in and to
such Participant's Participation interest in the Participation Loan; provided,
however, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, such assignment
shall become effective only upon the occurrence of an Assignment Event (as
defined below). An "Assignment Event" shall have occurred if (a) Lender ceases
doing business or Lender's existence is terminated by sale, dissolution, merger
or otherwise, (b) any assignment is made for the benefit of Lender's creditors,
(c) any receiver of Lender is appointed, (d) any insolvency, liquidation or
reorganization proceeding under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or otherwise shall be
filed by or against Lender, or (e) an event of default shall have occurred
under, and the payment of any indebtedness of Lender shall have been accelerated
under, the terms of any loan agreement pursuant to which Lender has incurred
debt. Upon an Assignment Event, Lender shall execute and deliver or cause to be
executed and delivered such further instruments of conveyance, assignment and
transfer and shall take such other action as either Participant may reasonably
request to give effect to the foregoing assignment.

         18. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate upon the complete
payment of all amounts due and satisfaction of all obligations of the Borrower
under the Participation Loan.

         19. Notices. All notices, demands, consents, approvals and other
communications hereunder (collectively, "notices") shall be in writing or by
facsimile transmission and delivered to the parties at their respective
addresses set forth below, and the same shall be deemed to have been given or
made when delivered by courier or if made by facsimile transaction, upon receipt
of the answer back code of the designed party after transmission to the
designated party or if made by mail, then three days after having been deposited
in the United States mail, postage prepaid by registered or certified mail.

                  Woodward:         Woodward Holding, LLC
                                    2300 Harmon Road
                                    Auburn Hills, MI 48326
                                    Attn: Paul Halpern
                                    Telephone:  (248) 340-2264
                                    Facsimile:  (248) 340-2258

                  With a copy to:   Woodward Holding, LLC
                                    2300 Harmon Road
                                    Auburn Hills, MI 48326
                                    Attn: Alan L. Schlang
                                    Telephone:  (248) 340-2170
                                    Facsimile:  (248) 340-2175

                  The Trust:        The Milton M. Shiffman Spouse's Marital
                                    Trust under Trust Agreement dated
                                    April 22, 1994
                                    One Woodward Avenue, Suite 2400
                                    Detroit, MI 48226
                                    Attn: Arthur A. Weiss



                                       12
<PAGE>


                                    Telephone:  (313) 961-8380
                                    Facsimile:  (313) 961-8358

                  With a copy to:   Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss, P.C.
                                    One Woodward Avenue, Suite 2400
                                    Detroit, MI 48226
                                    Attn: Joel S. Golden
                                    Telephone:   (313) 961-8380
                                    Facsimile:   (313) 961-8358

                  Lender:           Sun Home Services, Inc.
                                    31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145
                                    Farmington Hills, Michigan 48334
                                    Attn: Gary A. Shiffman
                                    Telephone:   (248) 932-3100
                                    Facsimile:   (248) 932-3072

                  With a copy to:   Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss, P.C.
                                    One Woodward Avenue, Suite 2400
                                    Detroit, MI 48226
                                    Attn: Matthew Murphy
                                    Telephone:   (313) 961-8380
                                    Facsimile:   (313) 961-8358

         20. Assignments; Successors and Assigns. Each Participant warrants and
represents to Lender that its Participation in the Participation Loan was or is
being purchased for its own account and not for the purpose or intent of resale.
Each Participant hereby acknowledges that in reliance upon the foregoing
warranty and representation of such Participant, Lender has not registered this
loan participation under the Federal Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) or
under any state or local laws. Except as otherwise permitted in this Agreement,
neither Lender nor either Participant shall sell, pledge, assign or otherwise
transfer all or a portion of its interest in the Participation Loan or any of
its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent
of the other parties. Subject to the foregoing, all provisions contained in this
Agreement or related hereto shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding
upon the respective permitted successors and assigns of Lender and each
Participant.

         21. No Partnership; No Trust. Neither the execution of this Agreement,
nor any agreement to share in the profits or losses arising as a result of the
Participation created hereby, is intended to be or to create, nor will be
construed to be or create, a partnership, joint venture or other joint
enterprise between Lender and Participants.

         Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor Lender's holding the Loan
Documents in its own name, nor the servicing of the Participation Loan by
Lender, nor any other right, duty, or obligation of Lender under or pursuant to
any Loan Document or this Agreement, is intended to be or to create, nor will be
a constructive trust or other fiduciary relationship between Lender and



                                       13
<PAGE>

either Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) Lender and each
Participant agree that any payment relating to a purchase of a participation
interest by any party to this Agreement received by another party pursuant to
Section 2 or 3 shall not be deemed to be the property of the receiving party and
shall be held in trust by the receiving party for the benefit of the purchasing
party until either (i) advanced by the receiving party under an advance request
or (ii) applied by the receiving party as reimbursement for an advance made by
the receiving party prior to receipt by the receiving party of an amount equal
to the purchasing party's participation percentage in such advance, and (b)
Lender agrees that a pro rata portion (based on each Participant's Participation
Percentage) of (i) any proceeds of Collateral received by Lender, and (ii) any
payments of principal, interest, penalties, fees or costs received by Lender
with respect to the Participation Loan, shall not be deemed to be the property
of Lender and shall be held in trust by Lender for the benefit of each
Participant until remitted to each Participant in accordance with this
Agreement.

         22. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan.

         23. Captions. The paragraph captions in this Agreement have been
inserted solely for ease of reference, and are not a part of this Agreement.

         24. Entire Agreement. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and
understanding between Lender and Participants and supersedes any and all prior
agreements and understandings with respect to the subject matter hereof,
including, without limitation, the Original Participation Agreement. This
Agreement may not be amended or in any manner modified unless such amendment or
modification is in writing and signed by all parties. This Agreement may be
executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so
executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall
together constitute but one and the same instrument. If any provision hereof
would be invalid under applicable law, then such provision shall be deemed to be
modified to the extent necessary to render it valid, while most nearly
preserving its original intent; no provision hereof shall be affected by another
provision being held invalid.

25. Dispute Resolution. Any and all disputes, controversies or claims arising
out of or related in any way to this Agreement shall be resolved as provided in
this Section 25; provided, however, that any party may seek a preliminary
injunction or other provisional judicial relief if, in its judgment, such action
is necessary to avoid irreparable damage or to preserve the status quo. Despite
any such action, the parties will continue to participate in good faith in the
procedures set forth in this Section 25. The parties shall meet promptly to make
a good faith effort to resolve any dispute arising under this Agreement. If the
good faith attempts to resolve the dispute are unsuccessful, the parties shall
submit such dispute to arbitration. All such arbitration proceedings shall be
held in the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area and shall be conducted under the
rules of the American Arbitration Association (the "Rules"). A single arbitrator
(the "Arbitrator") mutually agreeable to the parties shall preside over such
proceedings and shall make all decisions with respect to the resolution of the
dispute, controversy or claim between the parties. In the event the parties are
unable to agree on the Arbitrator within fifteen



                                       14
<PAGE>

(15) days after either party has filed for arbitration in accordance with the
Rules, they shall select a truly neutral arbitrator in accordance with the Rules
for the selection of neutral arbitrators, who shall be the "Arbitrator" for the
purposes of this Section 25. The decision of the Arbitrator shall be final and
binding on the parties, and a judgment may be entered in a court of competent
jurisdiction in order to enforce the Arbitrator's award. The parties shall be
entitled to reasonable levels of discovery (as determined by the Arbitrator in
his or her sole and absolute discretion) in accordance with the Federal Rules of
Civil Procedure. The parties also hereby acknowledge that it is their intent to
expedite the resolution of the dispute, controversy or claim in question, and
that the Arbitrator shall schedule the timing of the hearing consistent with
that intent. During the course of the proceedings, all fees to be paid to the
Arbitrator, and all expenses incurred by the Arbitrator in connection with the
arbitration, shall be borne equally by the parties. However, the Arbitrator
shall award all costs, expenses and fees, including without limitation the
Arbitrator's costs, expenses and fees and the prevailing party's reasonable
attorneys' fees, to the party prevailing in the Arbitration as part of any
award.

                            [signature page attached]



                                       15
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Second Amended and
Restated Participation Agreement as of December 30, 2002.


                                     "LENDER"

                                     SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan
                                     corporation

                                     By:   /s/  Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                           -------------------------------------
                                     Its:  Chief Financial Officer
                                           -------------------------------------


                                     "WOODWARD"

                                     Woodward Holding, LLC,
                                     a Michigan limited liability company


                                     By:  /s/  Paul A. Halpern
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                           Paul A. Halpern, Manager



                                     "TRUST"


                                              /s/   Arthur A. Weiss
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Arthur A. Weiss, solely in his capacity as
                                     co-Trustee of the Milton M. Shiffman
                                     Spouse's Marital Trust under Trust
                                     Agreement dated April 22, 1994

                                              /s/  Lois T. Shiffman
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Lois T. Shiffman, solely in her capacity as
                                     co-Trustee of the Milton M. Shiffman
                                     Spouse's Marital Trust under Trust
                                     Agreement dated April 22, 1994


                                       16


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.59
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w59.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT - BRIAN W. FANNON
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.59


                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into
on this 31st day of December, 2002, but shall be effective as of January 1,
2003, by and between SUN HOME SERVICES, INC., a Michigan corporation (the
"Company"), and BRIAN W. FANNON (the "Executive").

                                PRELIMINARY NOTE

         This Agreement is entered into contemporaneously with that certain
Employment Agreement (the "Sun Agreement") by and between the Executive and Sun
Communities, Inc., a Maryland corporation ("Sun Communities"), and, in the event
of any contradiction between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the
Sun Agreement, the Sun Agreement shall control.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in
this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

         1. Employment.

                  (a) The Company agrees to employ the Executive and the
Executive accepts the employment, on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth below. During the term of employment hereunder, the Executive shall serve
as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and shall do and perform
diligently all such services, acts and things as are customarily done and
performed by such officers of companies in similar business and in size to the
Company, together with such other duties as may reasonably be requested from
time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"), which
duties shall be consistent with the Executive's position as set forth above.

                  (b) For service as an officer and employee of the Company, the
Executive shall be entitled to the full protection of the applicable
indemnification provisions of the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the
Company, as they may be amended from time to time.

         2. Term of Employment.

                  Subject to the provisions for termination provided below, the
term of the Executive's employment under this Agreement shall commence on
January 1, 2003 and shall continue thereafter for a period of three (3) years
ending on December 31, 2005; provided, however, that the term of this Agreement
shall be automatically extended for successive terms of one (1) year each,
unless either party notifies the other party in writing of its desire to
terminate this Agreement at least thirty (30) days before the end of the term
then in effect.

         3. Devotion to the Company's Business.

                  The Executive shall devote his best efforts, knowledge, skill,
and his entire productive time, ability and attention to the business of the
Company and its Affiliates (as defined in paragraph 12 of the Sun Agreement)
during the term of this Agreement.

         4. Compensation.

                  (a) General Statement. During the term of this Agreement, the
Company shall pay or provide, as the case may be, to the Executive the
compensation and other benefits and rights set forth in paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 of
this Agreement.


<PAGE>

                  (b) Base Compensation. As compensation for the services to be
performed hereafter, the Company shall pay to the Executive, during his
employment hereunder, an annual base salary (the "Base Salary") of Two Hundred
Sixty Seven Thousand Dollars ($267,000.00) per year, payable in accordance with
the Company's usual pay practices (and in any event no less frequently than
monthly).

                  (c) Bonus. The Executive shall be entitled to an annual bonus
of up to fifty percent (50%) of the Base Salary upon the Company's attainment of
certain performance milestones in accordance with the Company's executive
employee bonus program (as the same may change from time to time in the
discretion of the Board).

         5. Benefits.

                  (a) Insurance. The Company shall provide to the Executive
life, medical and hospitalization insurance for himself, his spouse and eligible
family members as may be determined by the Board to be consistent with the
Company's standard policies.

                  (b) Benefit Plans. The Executive, at his election, may
participate, during his employment hereunder, in all retirement plans, 401(K)
plans and other benefit plans of the Company generally available from time to
time to other executive employees of the Company and for which the Executive
qualifies under the terms of the plans (and nothing in this Agreement shall or
shall be deemed to in any way affect the Executive's right and benefits under
any such plan except as expressly provided herein). The Executive shall also be
entitled to participate in any equity, stock option or other employee benefit
plan that is generally available to senior executives, as distinguished from
general management, of the Company. The Executive's participation in and
benefits under any such plan shall be on the terms and subject to the conditions
specified in the governing document of the particular plan.

                  (c) Annual Vacation. The Executive shall be entitled to the
vacation time specified in the Sun Agreement. Any vacation time used by the
Executive under the Sun Agreement shall be deemed vacation time under this
Agreement and any vacation time used by the Executive under this Agreement shall
be deemed vacation time under the Sun Agreement.

         6. Reimbursement of Business Expenses.

                  The Company shall reimburse the Executive or provide him with
an expense allowance during the term of this Agreement for travel, car
telephone, and other expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by the
Executive in connection with the Company's business. The Executive shall furnish
such documentation with respect to reimbursement to be paid hereunder as the
Company shall reasonably request.

         7. Termination of Employment.

         This Agreement, and the Executive's employment hereunder, shall be
automatically terminated upon termination of the Sun Agreement.

         8. Severance Compensation.

                  (a) In the event that Sun Communities terminates the
Executive's employment under the Sun Agreement without "cause" pursuant to
paragraph 7(a)(i) thereof, the Executive shall be entitled to any unpaid Base
Salary, bonus and benefits accrued and earned by him hereunder up to and
including the effective date of such termination and the Company shall pay the
Executive monthly an amount equal to one-twelfth (1/12) of the Base Salary in
effect on the date of such termination for a period of up to twelve (12) months
if the Executive fully complies


                                     - 2 -

<PAGE>

with paragraph 12 of the Sun Agreement (the "Severance Payment").
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company, in its sole discretion, may elect to
make the Severance Payment to the Executive in one lump sum due within thirty
(30) days of the Executive's termination of employment.

                  (b) In the event of termination of the Executive's employment
under the Sun Agreement for "cause" or if the Executive voluntarily terminates
his employment under this Agreement or the Sun Agreement, the Executive shall be
entitled to no further compensation or other benefits under this Agreement,
except only as to any unpaid Base Salary, bonus and benefits accrued and earned
by him hereunder up to and including the effective date of such termination.

                  (c) Regardless of the reason for termination of the
Executive's employment hereunder, bonuses and benefits shall be prorated for any
period of employment not covering an entire year of employment.

                  (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph
8, the Company's obligation to pay, and the Executive's right to receive, any
compensation under this paragraph 8, including, without limitation, the
Severance Payment, shall terminate upon the Executive's breach of any provision
of paragraph 12 of the Sun Agreement or the Executive's breach of any provision
of that certain Reimbursement Agreement by and between the Executive and Sun
Communities Operating Limited Partnership. In addition, the Executive shall
promptly forfeit any compensation received from the Company under this paragraph
8, including, without limitation, the Severance Payment, upon the Executive's
breach of any provision of paragraph 12 of the Sun Agreement.

         9. Affiliates. Upon any termination of the Executive's employment under
this Agreement, the Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from any and all
offices or directorships held by the Executive in the Company and/or the
Affiliates.

         10. Effect of Change of Control.

                  (a) The Company or its successor shall pay the Executive the
Change in Control Benefits (as defined below) if there has been a Change in
Control (as defined in the Sun Agreement) and any of the following events has
occurred: (i) the Executive's employment under this Agreement is terminated in
accordance with paragraph 7(a)(i) of the Sun Agreement, (ii) upon a Change in
Control under paragraph 10(f)(ii) of the Sun Agreement, the Company or its
successor does not expressly assume all of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, or (iii) there are less than eighteen (18) months remaining under the
term of this Agreement.

                  (b) For purposes of this Agreement, the "Change in Control
Benefits" shall mean the following benefits:

                           (i) A cash payment equal to Seven Hundred Ninety
         Eight Thousand Three Hundred Thirty Dollars ($798,330.00), payable
         within sixty (60) days of the Change in Control; and

                           (ii) Continued receipt of all compensation and
         benefits set forth in paragraphs 5(a) and 5(b) of this Agreement, until
         the earlier of (i) one year following the Change in Control (subject to
         the Executive's COBRA rights) or (ii) the commencement of comparable
         coverage from another employer. The provision of any one benefit by
         another employer shall not preclude the Executive from continuing
         participation in Company benefit programs provided under this paragraph
         10(b)(ii) that are not provided by the subsequent employer. The
         Executive shall promptly notify the Company upon



                                     - 3 -

<PAGE>

         receipt of benefits from a new employer comparable to any benefit
         provided under this paragraph 10(b)(ii).

                  (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) in
the event that the Executive's employment under the Sun Agreement is terminated
in accordance with paragraph 7(a)(i) thereof within sixty (60) days prior to a
Change in Control, such termination shall be deemed to have been made in
connection with the Change in Control and the Executive shall be entitled to the
Change in Control Benefits; and (ii) in the event that the Executive's
employment under the Sun Agreement is terminated by the Company or its successor
in accordance with paragraph 7(a)(i) thereof after a Change in Control and the
Executive was not already entitled to the Change in Control Benefits under
paragraph 10(a)(iii), the Company or its successor shall pay the Executive an
amount equal to the difference between the Change in Control Benefits and the
amounts actually paid to the Executive under this Agreement after the Change in
Control but prior to his termination.

                  (d) The Change in Control Benefits are in addition to any and
all other Company benefits to which the Executive may be entitled, including,
without limitation, Base Salary, annual bonus, and the exercise or surrender of
stock options as a result of the Change in Control; provided, however, that the
Change in Control Benefits are in lieu of the Severance Payment.

                  (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the Change in Control Benefits shall be reduced by all other payments to the
Executive which constitute "excess parachute payments" under Section 280(G) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

         11. Arbitration. Any dispute or controversy arising out of, relating
to, or in connection with this Agreement or Executive's employment hereunder,
whether in contract, tort, or otherwise (including, without limitation, claims
of wrongful termination of employment, claims under Title VII of the Civil
Rights Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act,
the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, or comparable state or federal laws,
and any other laws dealing with employees' rights and remedies), or the
interpretation, validity, construction, performance, breach, or termination
thereof, shall be settled finally and exclusively by arbitration in the State of
Michigan in accordance with the expedited procedures of the Commercial
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Such
arbitration shall be conducted by an arbitrator(s) appointed by the American
Arbitration Association in accordance with its rules and any finding by such
arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding upon the parties. Judgment upon any
award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of the courts
of the State of Michigan for this purpose. The parties hereby acknowledge that
it is their intent to expedite the resolution of any dispute, controversy or
claim hereunder and that the arbitrator shall schedule the timing of discovery
and of the hearing consistent with that intent. Nothing contained in this
paragraph 11 shall be construed to preclude the Company from obtaining
injunctive or other equitable relief to secure specific performance or to
otherwise prevent a breach or contemplated breach of the Sun Agreement by the
Executive as provided in paragraph 12 thereof.

         12. Notice. Any notice, request, consent or other communication given
or made hereunder shall be given or made only in writing and (a) delivered
personally to the party to whom it is directed; (b) sent by first class mail or
overnight express mail, postage and charges prepaid, addressed to the party to
whom it is directed; or (c) telecopied to the party to whom it is directed, at
the following addresses or at such other addresses as the parties may hereafter
indicate by written notice as provided herein:


                  If to the Company:


                                      - 4 -

<PAGE>

                           Sun Home Services, Inc.
                           31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145
                           Farmington Hills, Michigan  48334
                           Fax: (248) 932-3072
                           Attn: Gary A. Shiffman, President

                  If to the Executive:

                           Brian W. Fannon
                           21555 Chase Drive
                           Novi, Michigan 48375
                           Fax: (248) 348-0468

                  In all events, with a copy to:

                           Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss,
                            Professional Corporation
                           One Woodward Avenue, Suite 2400
                           Detroit, Michigan  48226
                           Fax: (313) 961-8358
                           Attn:  Arthur A. Weiss

         Any such notice, request, consent or other communication given or made:
(i) in the manner indicated in clause (a) of this paragraph shall be deemed to
be given or made on the date on which it was delivered; (ii) in the manner
indicated in clause (b) of this paragraph shall be deemed to be given or made on
the third business day after the day in which it was deposited in a regularly
maintained receptacle for the deposit of the United States mail, or in the case
of overnight express mail, on the business day immediately following the day on
which it was deposited in the regularly maintained receptacle for the deposit of
overnight express mail; and (iii) in the manner indicated in clause (c) of this
paragraph shall be deemed to be given or made when received by the telecopier
owned or operated by the recipient thereof.

         13. Miscellaneous.

                  (a) The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any
one or more provisions may be determined to be illegal or otherwise
unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions and any partially
unenforceable provision to the extent enforceable in any jurisdiction
nevertheless shall be binding and enforceable.

                  (b) The rights and obligations of the Company under this
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding on, the Company
and its successors and assigns, and the rights and obligations (other than
obligations to perform services) of the Executive under this Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the Executive and his heirs,
personal representatives and assigns. This Agreement is personal to Executive
and he may not assign his obligations under this Agreement in any manner
whatsoever.

                  (c) The failure of either party to enforce any provision or
protections of this Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of
any such provision or provisions as to any future violations thereof, nor
prevent that party thereafter from enforcing each and every other provision of
this Agreement. The rights granted the parties herein are cumulative and the
waiver of any single remedy shall not constitute a waiver of such party's right
to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances.




                                     - 5 -

<PAGE>

                  (d) This Agreement (together with the Sun Agreement)
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings or agreements relating
thereto. This Agreement may not be modified except by written instrument
executed by the Company and Executive. No modification, termination or attempted
waiver shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the party against whom the
same is sought to be enforced.

                  (e) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
according to the laws of the State of Michigan, without regard to the conflicts
of laws principles of the State of Michigan.

                  (f) Captions and paragraph headings used herein are for
convenience and are not a part of this Agreement and shall not be used in
construing it.

                  (g) This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Copies (whether
photostatic, facsimile or otherwise) of this Agreement may be made and relied
upon to the same extent as though such copy was an original.

                  (h) Each party shall pay his or its own fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including, without limitation, any fees incurred in connection with any
arbitration arising out of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Employment Agreement
on the date first written above.


                                      COMPANY:

                                      SUN HOME SERVICES, INC.,
                                      a Michigan corporation


                                      By:/s/ Gary A. Shiffman
                                         ---------------------------------
                                             Gary A. Shiffman, President



                                      EXECUTIVE:


                                      /s/  Brian W. Fannon
                                      ------------------------------------
                                      BRIAN W. FANNON






                                     - 6 -


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.60
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w60.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT - BRIAN W. FANNON
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.60


                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into
on this 31st day of December, 2002, but shall be effective as of January 1,
2003, by and between SUN COMMUNITIES, INC., a Maryland corporation (the
"Company"), and BRIAN W. FANNON (the "Executive").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue the employment of the
Executive, and the Executive desires to continue to be employed by the Company,
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth below.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in
this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

         1. Employment.

                  (a) The Company agrees to employ the Executive and the
Executive accepts the employment, on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth below. During the term of employment hereunder, the Executive shall serve
as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, and shall do and perform
diligently all such services, acts and things as are customarily done and
performed by such officers of companies in similar business and in size to the
Company, together with such other duties as may reasonably be requested from
time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"), which
duties shall be consistent with the Executive's position as set forth above.

                  (b) For service as an officer and employee of the Company, the
Executive shall be entitled to the full protection of the applicable
indemnification provisions of the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the
Company, as they may be amended from time to time.

         2. Term of Employment.

                  Subject to the provisions for termination provided below, the
term of the Executive's employment under this Agreement shall commence on
January 1, 2003 and shall continue thereafter for a period of three (3) years
ending on December 31, 2005; provided, however, that the term of this Agreement
shall be automatically extended for successive terms of one (1) year each,
unless either party notifies the other party in writing of its desire to
terminate this Agreement at least thirty (30) days before the end of the term
then in effect.

         3. Devotion to the Company's Business.

                  The Executive shall devote his best efforts, knowledge, skill,
and his entire productive time, ability and attention to the business of the
Company and its Affiliates (as defined in paragraph 12 below) during the term of
this Agreement.

         4. Compensation.

                  (a) General Statement. During the term of this Agreement, the
Company shall pay or provide, as the case may be, to the Executive the
compensation and other benefits and rights set forth in paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 of
this Agreement.

                  (b) Base Compensation. As compensation for the services to be
         performed



<PAGE>

hereafter, the Company shall pay to the Executive, during his employment
hereunder, an annual base salary (the "Base Salary") of One Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($100,000.00) per year, payable in accordance with the Company's usual
pay practices (and in any event no less frequently than monthly).

                  (c) Bonus. The Executive shall be entitled to an annual bonus
of up to fifty percent (50%) of the Base Salary upon the Company's attainment of
certain performance milestones in accordance with the Company's executive
employee bonus program (as the same may change from time to time in the
discretion of the Board).

         5. Benefits.

                  (a) Insurance. The Company shall provide to the Executive
life, medical and hospitalization insurance for himself, his spouse and eligible
family members as may be determined by the Board to be consistent with the
Company's standard policies.

                  (b) Benefit Plans. The Executive, at his election, may
participate, during his employment hereunder, in all retirement plans, 401(K)
plans and other benefit plans of the Company generally available from time to
time to other executive employees of the Company and for which the Executive
qualifies under the terms of the plans (and nothing in this Agreement shall or
shall be deemed to in any way affect the Executive's right and benefits under
any such plan except as expressly provided herein). The Executive shall also be
entitled to participate in any equity, stock option or other employee benefit
plan that is generally available to senior executives, as distinguished from
general management, of the Company. The Executive's participation in and
benefits under any such plan shall be on the terms and subject to the conditions
specified in the governing document of the particular plan.

                  (c) Annual Vacation. The Executive shall be entitled to four
(4) weeks vacation time each year without loss of compensation which shall be
scheduled with the advance approval of the Company; provided, however, that,
beginning January 1, 2004, the Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of
vacation time each year. In the event that the Executive is unable for any
reason to take the total amount of vacation time authorized herein during any
year, he may accrue such unused time and add it to the vacation time for any
following year; provided, however, that no more than ten (10) days of accrued
vacation time may be carried over at any time (the "Carry-Over Limit"). In the
event that the Executive has accrued and unused vacation time in excess of the
Carry-Over Limit (the "Excess Vacation Time"), the Excess Vacation Time shall be
paid to the Executive within ten (10) days of the end of the year in which the
Excess Vacation Time was earned based on the Base Salary then in effect. Upon
any termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, accrued and unused
vacation time (not to exceed twenty (20) business days) shall be paid to the
Executive within ten (10) days of such termination based on the Base Salary in
effect on the date of such termination. For purposes of this Agreement,
one-twelfth (1/12) of the applicable annual vacation shall accrue on the last
day of each month that the Executive is employed under this Agreement.

         6. Reimbursement of Business Expenses.

                  The Company shall reimburse the Executive or provide him with
an expense allowance during the term of this Agreement for travel, car
telephone, and other expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by the
Executive in connection with the Company's business. The Executive shall furnish
such documentation with respect to reimbursement to be paid hereunder as the
Company shall reasonably request.




                                     - 2 -

<PAGE>

         7. Termination of Employment.

                  (a) The Executive's employment under this Agreement may be
         terminated:

                           (i) by either the Executive or the Company at any
         time for any reason whatsoever or for no reason upon not less than
         thirty (30) days written notice;

                           (ii) by the Company at any time for "cause" (as
         defined below), without prior notice; and

                           (iii) upon the Executive's death.

                  (b) For purposes hereof, for "cause" shall mean: (i) the
breach of any material provision of this Agreement or the Sun Homes Agreement
(as defined in paragraph 9 below) by Executive, which breach is not cured within
thirty (30) days after Executive's receipt of written notice of such breach;
(ii) Executive's failure or refusal, in any material manner, to perform the
services required of him pursuant to this Agreement or the Sun Homes Agreement,
which failure or refusal continues for more than thirty (30) days after
Executive's receipt of written notice of such deficiency; (iii) Executive's
commission of fraud, embezzlement, theft or other act of dishonesty, or a crime
constituting moral turpitude, in any case whether or not involving the Company,
that in the opinion of the Company renders Executive's continued employment
harmful to the Company; (iv) Executive's misappropriation of Company assets or
property, including, without limitation, obtaining reimbursement through
fraudulent vouchers or expense reports; (v) Executive's conviction for a felony;
or (vi) Executive's substance abuse.

         8. Severance Compensation.

                  (a) In the event that the Company terminates the Executive's
employment under this Agreement without "cause" pursuant to paragraph 7(a)(i)
hereof, the Executive shall be entitled to any unpaid Base Salary, bonus and
benefits accrued and earned by him hereunder up to and including the effective
date of such termination and the Company shall pay the Executive monthly an
amount equal to one-twelfth (1/12) of the Base Salary in effect on the date of
such termination for a period of up to twelve (12) months if the Executive fully
complies with paragraph 12 of this Agreement (the "Severance Payment").
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company, in its sole discretion, may elect to
make the Severance Payment to the Executive in one lump sum due within thirty
(30) days of the Executive's termination of employment.

                  (b) In the event of termination of the Executive's employment
under this Agreement for "cause" or if the Executive voluntarily terminates his
employment hereunder, the Executive shall be entitled to no further compensation
or other benefits under this Agreement, except only as to any unpaid Base
Salary, bonus and benefits accrued and earned by him hereunder up to and
including the effective date of such termination.

                  (c) Regardless of the reason for termination of the
Executive's employment hereunder, bonuses and benefits shall be prorated for any
period of employment not covering an entire year of employment.

                  (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph
8, the Company's obligation to pay, and the Executive's right to receive, any
compensation under this paragraph 8, including, without limitation, the
Severance Payment, shall terminate upon the Executive's breach of any provision
of paragraph 12 hereof or the Executive's breach of any provision of that
certain Reimbursement Agreement by and between the Executive and Sun Communities
Operating Limited Partnership. In addition, the Executive shall promptly forfeit



                                     - 3 -

<PAGE>

any compensation received from the Company under this paragraph 8, including,
without limitation, the Severance Payment, upon the Executive's breach of any
provision of paragraph 12 hereof.

         9. Affiliates. Upon any termination of the Executive's employment under
this Agreement, (a) the Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from any and
all offices or directorships held by the Executive in the Company and/or the
Affiliates, including, without limitation, Sun Home Services, Inc. ("Sun
Homes"), and (b) that certain Employment Agreement, of even date herewith,
between Sun Homes and the Executive (the "Sun Homes Agreement") shall be
automatically terminated.

         10. Effect of Change of Control.

                  (a) The Company or its successor shall pay the Executive the
Change in Control Benefits (as defined below) if there has been a Change in
Control (as defined below) and any of the following events has occurred: (i) the
Executive's employment under this Agreement is terminated in accordance with
paragraph 7(a)(i), (ii) upon a Change in Control under paragraph 10(f)(ii), the
Company or its successor does not expressly assume all of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, or (iii) there are less than eighteen (18) months
remaining under the term of this Agreement.

                  (b) For purposes of this Agreement, the "Change in Control
Benefits" shall mean the following benefits:

                           (i) A cash payment equal to Two Hundred Ninety Nine
         Thousand Dollars ($299,000.00), payable within sixty (60) days of the
         Change in Control; and

                           (ii) Continued receipt of all compensation and
         benefits set forth in paragraphs 5(a) and 5(b) of this Agreement, until
         the earlier of (i) one year following the Change in Control (subject to
         the Executive's COBRA rights) or (ii) the commencement of comparable
         coverage from another employer. The provision of any one benefit by
         another employer shall not preclude the Executive from continuing
         participation in Company benefit programs provided under this paragraph
         10(b)(ii) that are not provided by the subsequent employer. The
         Executive shall promptly notify the Company upon receipt of benefits
         from a new employer comparable to any benefit provided under this
         paragraph 10(b)(ii).

                  (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) in
the event that the Executive's employment under this Agreement is terminated in
accordance with paragraph 7(a)(i) within sixty (60) days prior to a Change in
Control, such termination shall be deemed to have been made in connection with
the Change in Control and the Executive shall be entitled to the Change in
Control Benefits; and (ii) in the event that the Executive's employment under
this Agreement is terminated by the Company or its successor in accordance with
paragraph 7(a)(i) after a Change in Control and the Executive was not already
entitled to the Change in Control Benefits under paragraph 10(a)(iii), the
Company or its successor shall pay the Executive an amount equal to the
difference between the Change in Control Benefits and the amounts actually paid
to the Executive under this Agreement after the Change in Control but prior to
his termination.

                  (d) The Change in Control Benefits are in addition to any and
all other Company benefits to which the Executive may be entitled, including,
without limitation, Base Salary, annual bonus, and the exercise or surrender of
stock options as a result of the Change in Control; provided, however, that the
Change in Control Benefits are in lieu of the Severance Payment.



                                     - 4 -

<PAGE>

                  (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the Change in Control Benefits shall be reduced by all other payments to the
Executive which constitute "excess parachute payments" under Section 280(G) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

                  (f) For purposes of this Agreement, a "Change in Control"
shall be deemed to have occurred:

                           (i) if any person or group of persons acting together
         (other than (a) the Company or any person (I) who on December 1, 2002
         was a director or officer of the Company, or (II) whose shares of
         Common Stock of the Company are treated as "beneficially owned" by any
         such director or officer, or (b) any institutional investor (filing
         reports under Section 13(g) rather than 13(d) of the Securities
         Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including any employee benefit plan
         or employee benefit trust sponsored by the Company)), becomes a
         beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
         (including convertible securities) representing twenty percent (20%) or
         more of either the then-outstanding Common Stock of the Company or the
         combined voting power of the Company's then-outstanding voting
         securities;

                           (ii) if the directors or stockholders of the Company
         approve an agreement to merge into or consolidate with, or to sell all
         or substantially all of the Company's assets to, any person (other than
         a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company formed for the purpose of
         changing the Company's corporate domicile); or

                           (iii) if the new directors appointed to the Board
         during any twelve-month period constitute a majority of the members of
         the Board, unless (I) the directors who were in office for at least
         twelve (12) months prior to such twelve-month period (the "Incumbent
         Directors") plus (II) the new directors who were recommended or
         appointed by a majority of the Incumbent Directors constitutes a
         majority of the members of the Board.

         For purposes of this paragraph 10(f), a "person" includes an
individual, a partnership, a corporation, an association, an unincorporated
organization, a trust or any other entity.

         11. Stock Options. In the event of termination of the Executive's
employment under this Agreement for "cause", all stock options or other stock
based compensation awarded to the Executive shall lapse and be of no further
force or effect whatsoever in accordance with the Company's equity incentive
plans. In the event that the Company terminates the Executive's employment under
this Agreement without "cause" or upon the death of the Executive, all stock
options and other stock based compensation awarded to the Executive shall become
fully vested and immediately exercisable; provided, however, that such options
and other stock based compensation can only be exercised during the ninety (90)
day period after expiration of the Noncompetition Period (as defined in
paragraph 12 below) and such stock options or other stock based compensation
shall be automatically forfeited upon the Executive's breach of any of the
provisions of paragraph 12 hereof. Any Stock Option Agreements between the
Company and the Executive shall be amended to conform to the provisions of this
paragraph 11. In the event of an inconsistency between the terms of a Stock
Option Agreement and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement
shall control.

         12. Covenant Not To Compete and Confidentiality.

                  (a) The Executive acknowledges the Company's reliance and
expectation of the Executive's continued commitment to performance of his duties
and responsibilities under



                                     - 5 -

<PAGE>

this Agreement. In light of such reliance and expectation on the part of the
Company and as an inducement for the Company to enter into this Agreement, the
Executive agrees that:

                           (i) for a period commencing on the date of this
         Agreement and ending upon the expiration of twenty-four (24) months
         following the termination of the Executive's employment under this
         Agreement for any reason, including, without limitation, the expiration
         of the term (the "Noncompetition Period"), the Executive shall not,
         directly or indirectly, engage in, or have an interest in or be
         associated with (whether as an officer, director, stockholder, partner,
         associate, employee, consultant, owner or otherwise) any corporation,
         firm or enterprise which is engaged in (A) the development, ownership,
         leasing, management or financing of manufactured housing communities,
         (B) the sales of manufactured homes, or (C) any other business which is
         competitive with the business then or at any time during the term of
         this Agreement conducted or proposed to be conducted by the Company, or
         any corporation owned or controlled by the Company or under common
         control with the Company (the "Affiliates"), anywhere within the
         continental United States or Canada; provided, however, that,
         notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (1) in the event that
         the Executive voluntarily terminates his employment with the Company,
         the Noncompetition Period shall extend until the later of the remainder
         of the initial 3-year term of this Agreement or the expiration of
         twenty-four (24) months following the termination of Executive's
         employment under this Agreement, (2) in the event that the Company
         terminates the Executive's employment hereunder without "cause", the
         Noncompetition Period shall be reduced to twelve (12) months, and (3)
         the Executive may invest in any publicly held corporation engaged, if
         such investment does not exceed one percent (1%) in value of the issued
         and outstanding capital stock of such corporation;

                           (ii) the Executive shall not at any time, for so long
         as any Confidential Information (as defined below) shall remain
         confidential or otherwise remain wholly or partially protectable,
         either during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, use or
         disclose, directly or indirectly, to any person outside of the Company
         or any Affiliate any Confidential Information;

                           (iii) promptly upon the termination of this Agreement
         for any reason, the Executive (or in the event of the Executive's
         death, his personal representative) shall return to the Company any and
         all copies (whether prepared by or at the direction of the Company or
         the Executive) of all records, drawings, materials, memoranda and other
         data constituting or pertaining to Confidential Information;

                           (iv) for a period commencing on the date of this
         Agreement and ending upon the expiration of the Noncompetition Period,
         the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, divert, or by aid to
         others, do anything which would tend to divert, from the Company or any
         Affiliate any trade or business with any customer or supplier with whom
         the Executive had any contact or association during the term of the
         Executive's employment with the Company or with any party whose
         identity or potential as a customer or supplier was confidential or
         learned by the Executive during his employment by the Company; and

                           (v)  for a period commencing on the date of this
         Agreement and ending upon the expiration of the Noncompetition Period,
         the Executive shall not, either directly or indirectly, induce or
         attempt to induce any person with whom the Executive was acquainted
         while in the Company's employ to leave the



                                     - 6 -

<PAGE>

         employment of the Company or any of the Affiliates.

         As used in this Agreement, the term "Confidential Information" shall
mean all business information of any nature and in any form which at the time or
times concerned is not generally known to those persons engaged in business
similar to that conducted or contemplated by the Company or any Affiliate (other
than by the act or acts of an employee not authorized by the Company to disclose
such information) and which relates to any one or more of the aspects of the
business of the Company or any of the Affiliates or any of their respective
predecessors, including, without limitation, patents and patent applications,
inventions and improvements (whether or not patentable), development projects,
policies, processes, formulas, techniques, know-how, and other facts relating to
sales, advertising, promotions, financial matters, customers, customer lists,
customer purchases or requirements, and other trade secrets.

                  (b) The Executive agrees and understands that the remedy at
law for any breach by him of this paragraph 12 will be inadequate and that the
damages flowing from such breach are not readily susceptible to being measured
in monetary terms. Accordingly, it is acknowledged that, upon adequate proof of
the Executive's violation of any legally enforceable provision of this paragraph
12, the Company shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief and may obtain
a temporary order restraining any threatened or further breach. Nothing in this
paragraph 12 shall be deemed to limit the Company's remedies at law or in equity
for any breach by the Executive of any of the provisions of this paragraph 12
which may be pursued or availed of by the Company.

         13. Arbitration. Any dispute or controversy arising out of, relating
to, or in connection with this Agreement or Executive's employment hereunder,
whether in contract, tort, or otherwise (including, without limitation, claims
of wrongful termination of employment, claims under Title VII of the Civil
Rights Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act,
the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, or comparable state or federal laws,
and any other laws dealing with employees' rights and remedies), or the
interpretation, validity, construction, performance, breach, or termination
thereof, shall be settled finally and exclusively by arbitration in the State of
Michigan in accordance with the expedited procedures of the Commercial
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Such
arbitration shall be conducted by an arbitrator(s) appointed by the American
Arbitration Association in accordance with its rules and any finding by such
arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding upon the parties. Judgment upon any
award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of the courts
of the State of Michigan for this purpose. The parties hereby acknowledge that
it is their intent to expedite the resolution of any dispute, controversy or
claim hereunder and that the arbitrator shall schedule the timing of discovery
and of the hearing consistent with that intent. Nothing contained in this
paragraph 13 shall be construed to preclude the Company from obtaining
injunctive or other equitable relief to secure specific performance or to
otherwise prevent a breach or contemplated breach of this Agreement by the
Executive as provided in paragraph 12 hereof.

         14. Notice. Any notice, request, consent or other communication given
or made hereunder shall be given or made only in writing and (a) delivered
personally to the party to whom it is directed; (b) sent by first class mail or
overnight express mail, postage and charges prepaid, addressed to the party to
whom it is directed; or (c) telecopied to the party to whom it is directed, at
the following addresses or at such other addresses as the parties may hereafter
indicate by written notice as provided herein:

                  If to the Company:

                           Sun Communities, Inc.
                           31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145




                                     - 7 -

<PAGE>

                           Farmington Hills, Michigan  48334
                           Fax: (248) 932-3072
                           Attn: Gary A. Shiffman, President

                  If to the Executive:

                           Brian W. Fannon
                           21555 Chase Drive
                           Novi, Michigan 48375
                           Fax: (248) 348-0468

                  In all events, with a copy to:

                           Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss,
                            Professional Corporation
                           One Woodward Avenue, Suite 2400
                           Detroit, Michigan  48226
                           Fax: (313) 961-8358
                           Attn:  Arthur A. Weiss

         Any such notice, request, consent or other communication given or made:
(i) in the manner indicated in clause (a) of this paragraph shall be deemed to
be given or made on the date on which it was delivered; (ii) in the manner
indicated in clause (b) of this paragraph shall be deemed to be given or made on
the third business day after the day in which it was deposited in a regularly
maintained receptacle for the deposit of the United States mail, or in the case
of overnight express mail, on the business day immediately following the day on
which it was deposited in the regularly maintained receptacle for the deposit of
overnight express mail; and (iii) in the manner indicated in clause (c) of this
paragraph shall be deemed to be given or made when received by the telecopier
owned or operated by the recipient thereof.

         15. Miscellaneous.

                  (a) The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any
one or more provisions may be determined to be illegal or otherwise
unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions and any partially
unenforceable provision to the extent enforceable in any jurisdiction
nevertheless shall be binding and enforceable.

                  (b) The rights and obligations of the Company under this
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding on, the Company
and its successors and assigns, and the rights and obligations (other than
obligations to perform services) of the Executive under this Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the Executive and his heirs,
personal representatives and assigns. This Agreement is personal to Executive
and he may not assign his obligations under this Agreement in any manner
whatsoever.

                  (c) The failure of either party to enforce any provision or
protections of this Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of
any such provision or provisions as to any future violations thereof, nor
prevent that party thereafter from enforcing each and every other provision of
this Agreement. The rights granted the parties herein are cumulative and the
waiver of any single remedy shall not constitute a waiver of such party's right
to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances.

                  (d) This Agreement (together with that certain Employment
Agreement, of even date herewith, by and between the Executive and Sun Home
Services, Inc.) constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all




                                     - 8 -

<PAGE>

prior understandings or agreements relating thereto. This Agreement may not be
modified except by written instrument executed by the Company and Executive. No
modification, termination or attempted waiver shall be valid unless in writing
and signed by the party against whom the same is sought to be enforced.

                  (e) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
according to the laws of the State of Michigan, without regard to the conflicts
of laws principles of the State of Michigan.

                 (f) Captions and paragraph headings used herein are for
convenience and are not a part of this Agreement and shall not be used in
construing it.

                  (g) This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Copies (whether
photostatic, facsimile or otherwise) of this Agreement may be made and relied
upon to the same extent as though such copy was an original.

                  (h) Each party shall pay his or its own fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including, without limitation, any fees incurred in connection with any
arbitration arising out of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Employment Agreement
on the date first written above.


                                         COMPANY:

                                         SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.,
                                         a Maryland corporation


                                         By:  /s/ Gary A. Shiffman
                                              ---------------------------------
                                                  Gary A. Shiffman, President



                                         EXECUTIVE:


                                         /s/ Brian W. Fannon
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         BRIAN W. FANNON










                                     - 9 -

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.61
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w61.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LEASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.61





                ===============================================



                                      LEASE


                                     BETWEEN


                              AMERICAN CENTER LLC,

                                   AS LANDLORD


                                       AND

                                 SUN COMMUNITIES
                                OPERATING LIMITED
                                  PARTNERSHIP,

                                    AS TENANT



                ===============================================


<PAGE>

                                      LEASE

         THIS LEASE is made and entered into as of November 1, 2002, by and
between AMERICAN CENTER LLC, a Michigan Limited Liability Company (the
"Landlord"), having its principal office at 20500 Civic Center Drive, Suite
3000, Southfield, Michigan 48076, and Tenant named below who agree as follows:

                                   SECTION 1.

                             BASIC LEASE PROVISIONS

         1.01 The following basic lease provisions are an integral part of this
Lease and are referred to in other Sections of this Lease.

<TABLE>
<S>      <C>      <C>                                                           <C>
         (a)      Tenant's name and jurisdiction of formation:
                  Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, a Michigan
                  Limited Partnership

                  Tenant Social Security/Taxpayer Identification Number:
                                                                                --------------

                  Tenant Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) Code Number:  6531, 6798
                                                                                ----------

         (b)      Tenant's Address:  27777 Franklin Road
                                     Suite 200
                                     Southfield, MI 48034

         (c)      Manager's Name     REDICO Management, Inc.
                  and Address:       20500 Civic Center Drive
                                     Suite 3000
                                     Southfield, Michigan 48076

         (d)      Project Name:      American Center

                  Building Name:     American Center

                  Building Address:  27777 Franklin Road
                                     Southfield, MI  48034

         (e)      Premises:          Floor:            2nd
                                     Suite Number:     200
                                     Square Feet:      31,346 rentable / 29,024 usable

         (f)      Term:

                  Scheduled Occupancy Date:                            February 1, 2003
                  Scheduled Expiration Date of Initial Term:           January 31, 2008
                  Initial Term:                                        Five (5) years

         (g)      Base Rent:
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               Total Monthly       Annual Base
               Date              Base Rent            Rent
       --------------------- ------------------- ----------------
<S>                          <C>                 <C>
         2/1/03 - 1/31/04        $50,284.21        $603,410.52
       --------------------- ------------------- ----------------
         2/1/04 - 1/30/05        $51,590.29        $619,083.48
       --------------------- ------------------- ----------------
        1/31/05 - 1/31/06        $52,896.38        $634,756.56
       --------------------- ------------------- ----------------
         2/1/06 - 1/31/07        $54,202.46        $650,429.52
       --------------------- ------------------- ----------------
         2/1/07 - 1/31/08        $55,508.54        $666,102.48
       --------------------- ------------------- ----------------
                                 AGGREGATE        $3,173,782.56
       --------------------- ------------------- ----------------
</TABLE>

         (h)      INTENTIONALLY DELETED

         (i)      Number of Tenant's Designated Parking Spaces: six (6) at no
                  additional cost and two (2) additional designated parking
                  spaces at an initial increase of additional rent of $100.00
                  per month per space.

         (j)      Security Deposit:  None

         (k)      Tenant Improvement Allowance:  $784,000.00

         (l)

         (m)      Permitted Use:    Office Use







                                       1

<PAGE>

                                   SECTION 2.

                                  THE PREMISES

         2.01 Landlord, in consideration of the rents to be paid and the
covenants and agreements to be performed by Tenant, hereby leases to Tenant the
premises set forth in Section 1.01(e) (the "Premises") in the building(s) (the
"Building") described in Section 1.01(d), together with the right to use the
parking and common areas and facilities which may be furnished from time to time
by Landlord (collectively the "Common Areas"), including, without limitation,
all common elevators, hallways and stairwells located within the Building, and
all common parking facilities, driveways and sidewalks, in common with Landlord
and with the tenants and occupants of the Project, their agents, employees,
customers, clients and invitees. Tenant agrees that the Premises and the
Building shall be deemed to include the number of rentable square feet set forth
in Section 1.01(h) and in no event shall Tenant have the right to challenge,
demand, request or receive any change in the base rent or other sums due
hereunder as a result of any claimed or actual error or omission in the rentable
or usable square footage of the Premises, the Building or the Project. Landlord
reserves the right at any time and from time to time to make alterations or
additions to the Building or the Common Areas, and to demolish improvements on
and to build additional improvements on the land surrounding the Building and to
add or change the name of the Building from time to time, in its sole discretion
without the consent of Tenant and the same shall not be construed as a breach of
this Lease provided same do not unreasonably interfere with Tenant's use or
occupancy of the Premises. The Building, the other buildings listed in Section
1.01(d), the Common Areas and the land surrounding the Building and the Common
Areas are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Project".

         2.02 Landlord agrees to construct the improvements to the Premises (the
"Tenant Improvements") in accordance with the space plan(s) (as it may be
amended by approved change orders, the "Plans"), attached as Exhibit "A". All
material changes from the Plans which Landlord determines are necessary during
construction shall be submitted to Tenant for Tenant's approval or rejection. If
Tenant fails to notify Landlord of Tenant's approval or rejection of such
changes within five (5) business days of receipt thereof, Tenant shall be
conclusively deemed to have approved such changes. Landlord's approval of the
Plans shall not constitute a representation, warranty or agreement (and Landlord
shall have no responsibility or liability for) the completeness or design
sufficiency of the Plans or the Tenant Improvements, or the compliance of the
Plans or Tenant Improvements with any laws, rules or regulations of any
governmental or other authority.

         2.03 The provisions of Exhibit D, special provisions, shall govern the
cost of constructing Tenant Improvements.

         2.04 Landlord intends to construct the Tenant Improvements and deliver
the Premises "ready for occupancy" (as defined below) to Tenant on the Scheduled
Occupancy Date set forth in Paragraph 1.01(f). The Premises will be conclusively
deemed "ready for occupancy" on the earlier to occur of when: (i) the work to be
done under this Paragraph has been substantially completed and after the
issuance of a conditional or temporary certificate of occupancy for the Premises
by the appropriate government agency within whose jurisdiction the Building is
located, or (ii) when Tenant takes possession of the Premises. The Premises will
not be considered unready or incomplete if only minor or insubstantial details
of construction, decoration or mechanical adjustments remain to be done within
the Premises or Common Areas of the Building, or if only landscaping or exterior
trim remains to be done outside the Premises, or if the delay in the
availability of the Premises for Tenant's occupancy is caused in whole or in
material part by Tenant. By occupying the Premises, Tenant will be deemed to
have accepted the Premises and to have acknowledged that they are in the
condition called for in this Lease, subject only to "punch list" items (as the
term "punch list" is customarily used in the construction industry in the area
where the Project is located) identified by Tenant by written notice delivered
to Landlord within thirty (30) days after the date Landlord tenders possession
of the Premises to Tenant. If in good faith Landlord is delayed or hindered in
construction by any labor dispute, strike, lockout, fire, unavailability of
material, severe weather, acts of God, restrictive governmental laws or
regulations, riots, insurrection, war or other casualty or events of a similar
nature beyond its reasonable control ("Force Majeure"), the date for the
delivery of the Premises to Tenant "ready for occupancy" shall be extended for
the period of delay caused by the Force Majeure. If Landlord is delayed or
hindered in construction as a result of change orders or other requests by, or
acts of, Tenant ("Tenant Delay") the date for the delivery of the Premises to
Tenant "ready for occupancy" shall be accelerated by the number of days of delay
caused by Tenant Delay. The Scheduled Occupancy Date as extended or accelerated
as a result of the occurrence of a Force Majeure or Tenant Delay or with the
consent of Tenant, is herein referred to as the Occupancy Date. In no event will
the Occupancy Date be deemed to have occurred prior to the date the Premises are
ready for occupancy unless there has been a Tenant Delay.





                                       2

<PAGE>

                                   SECTION 3.

                                    THE TERM

         3.01 The initial term of this Lease (the "Initial Term or "Term"") will
commence (the "Commencement Date") on the earlier of: (i) the date Tenant takes
possession of the Premises; or (ii) the Occupancy Date; or (iii) the date the
Occupancy Date would have occurred in the absence of Tenant Delay. Unless sooner
terminated or extended in accordance with the terms hereof, the Lease will
terminate the number of Lease Years and Months set forth in Paragraph 1.01(f)
after the Commencement Date. If the Commencement Date is other than the first
day of a calendar month, the first Lease Year shall begin on the first day of
the first full calendar month following the Commencement Date. Upon request by
Landlord, Tenant will execute a written instrument confirming the Commencement
Date and the expiration date of the Initial Term.

         3.02 It is acknowledged that the Occupancy Date and the Commencement
Date are subject to Daimler Chrysler Financial Company agreeing to an early
termination of Suites M-170, M200, M202, M250 effective September 30, 2002; and
to the August 31, 2002 closing and early termination of Kosch Food Service in
Suite MZ-220, which will be relocated to the first floor. If the above
terminations are delayed beyond September 30, 2002, the Occupancy Date and
Commencement Date will be delayed one month for each month of delay beyond
September 30, 2002, but in no event will the delay cause the Occupancy Date and
Commencement Date to be later than May 1, 2003. IN THE EVENT THE OCCUPANCY DATE
DOES NOT OCCUR BY MAY 1, 2003, DUE TO A REASON OTHER THAN TENANT DELAY OR A
FORCE MAJEURE, THIS LEASE MAY BE TERMINATED BY TENANT BY THE DELIVERY OF WRITTEN
NOTICE(S) OF TERMINATION TO LANDLORD WITHIN FIVE (5) DAYS AFTER SUCH DATE, AND
BOTH PARTIES SHALL BE RELEASED FROM ALL OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, EXCEPT LANDLORD
SHALL PROMPTLY RETURN TO TENANT ANY AND ALL MONIES PAID BY TENANT TO LANDLORD.

                                   SECTION 4.

                                  THE BASE RENT

         4.01 From and after the Commencement Date, Tenant agrees to pay to
Landlord, as minimum net rental for the Initial Term and Option Terms of this
Lease, the sum(s) set forth in Paragraph 1.01(g) (the "Base Rent"). The term
"Lease Year" as used herein shall be defined to mean a period of twelve (12)
consecutive calendar months. The first Lease Year shall begin on the date
determined in accordance with Section 3.01. Each succeeding Lease Year shall
commence on the anniversary date of the first Lease Year.

         4.02 Base Rent and other sums due Landlord hereunder shall be paid by
Tenant to Landlord in equal monthly installments (except as otherwise provided
herein), in advance, without demand and without any setoffs or deductions
whatsoever, on the first day of each and every calendar month (the "Rent Day")
during the Initial Term and Option Terms, if any, at the office of Manager as
set forth in Section 1.01(c), or at such other place as Landlord from time to
time may designate in writing. In the event the Commencement Date is other than
the first day of a calendar month, the Base Rent for the partial first calendar
month of the Initial Term will be prorated on a daily basis based on the number
of days in the calendar month and will be paid in addition to the rent provided
in Paragraph 4.01 above. Base Rent for such partial calendar month and for the
first full calendar month of the first Lease Year shall be paid upon the
execution of this Lease by Tenant.

                                   SECTION 5.

                            LATE CHARGES AND INTEREST

         5.01 Any rent or other sums payable by Tenant to Landlord under this
Lease which are not paid within five (5) days after they are due and written
notice has been provided to Tenant (but if one notice has been given in any
twelve (12) month period, no further notice shall be required during such twelve
(12) month period), will be subject to a late charge of ten (10%) percent of the
amount due. Such late charges will be due and payable as additional rent on or
before the next Rent Day.

         5.02 Any rent, late charges or other sums payable by Tenant to Landlord
under this Lease not paid within ten (10) days after the same are due will bear
interest at a per annum rate equal to the lower of: (i) Citibank
or its successor's Prime Rate plus two percent (2%) per annum, or (ii) the
highest rate permitted by law. Such interest will be due and payable as
additional rent on or before the next Rent Day, and will accrue from the date
that such rent, late charges or other sums are payable under the provisions of
this Lease until actually paid by Tenant.

         5.03 Any default in the payment of rent, late charges or other sums
will not be considered cured unless and until the late charges and interest due
hereunder are paid by Tenant to Landlord. If Tenant defaults in paying such late
charges and/or interest, Landlord will have the same remedies as Landlord would
have if Tenant had defaulted in the payment of rent. The obligation hereunder to
pay late charges and interest will exist in addition to, and not in the place
of, the other default provisions of this Lease.



                                       3

<PAGE>

                                   SECTION 6.

                    OPERATING EXPENSES, UTILITIES, AND TAXES

         6.06 Landlord agrees with Tenant that Landlord will furnish heat and
air conditioning during normal business hours (8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday
through Friday, excluding Building holidays), usual and customary janitorial
services, as set forth in Exhibit "C", and provide water and sewer service to
the Premises and hot and cold water for ordinary lavatory purposes in the common
area restrooms. However, if Tenant uses or consumes water for any other purpose
or in unusual quantities (of which fact Landlord shall be the sole judge)
Landlord may install a water meter at Tenant's expense which Tenant shall
thereafter maintain at Tenant's expense in good working order and repair, to
register such water consumption. Tenant shall pay for the quantity of water
shown on said meter, together with the sewer rents, debt service and other
charges made by the local utilities for water and sewer service, as additional
rent, at the secondary rate per gallon (general service rate) established by the
applicable governmental authority or the applicable utility company providing
the water. Whenever machines or equipment which generate heat are used in the
Premises which affect the temperature otherwise maintained by the
air-conditioning system, Landlord reserves the right to install supplementary
air-conditioning equipment in the Premises, and the cost thereof, and the
expense of operation and maintenance thereof, shall be paid by Tenant to
Landlord. Although Landlord will provide air-conditioning and/or heat upon the
prior request of Tenant in accordance with Building practices for hours other
than regular business hours, Tenant will pay Landlord's charges for providing
such service. Said charges shall include a cost equal to the cost to operate the
equipment for Tenant's expanded business hours and days, and Landlord's
maintenance, equipment amortization and other appropriate charges which Landlord
determines are attributable to operating the equipment for periods in excess of
the normal business hours described above.

         6.07 Tenant shall pay all charges made against the Premises for
electricity used upon or furnished to the Premises as and when due during the
continuance of this Lease. To the extent electricity is not separately metered
for the Premises, Landlord shall make a determination of Tenant's usage of
electricity supplied to the Building, and Tenant agrees to pay for such
electricity within thirty (30) days after request therefor from Landlord.
Whether or not metered, Tenant shall pay for the electricity at the secondary
rate (general service rate) established by the applicable governmental authority
or the applicable utility company providing the electricity. Tenant shall also
pay for fluorescent or other electric light bulbs or tubes and electric
equipment used in the leased Premises.


                                   SECTION 7.


                                       5

<PAGE>
                                 USE OF PREMISES

         7.01 Tenant shall occupy and use the Premises during the Term for the
purposes set forth in Section 1.01(m) only, and for no other purpose without the
prior written consent of Landlord. Tenant agrees that it will not use or permit
any person to use the Premises or any part thereof for any use or purpose in
violation of the laws of the United States, the laws, ordinances or other
regulations of the State or municipality in which the Premises are located, or
of any other lawful authorities, or any building and use restrictions, now or
hereafter affecting the Premises or any part thereof.

         7.02 Tenant will not do or permit any act or thing to be done in or to
the Premises or the Project which will invalidate or be in conflict with any
terms or conditions required to be contained in any property or casualty
insurance policy authorized to be issued in the State of Michigan or any term or
condition of the Insurance Services Office's (ISO) Commercial Property Insurance
and/or Commercial General Liability Insurance Conditions or any different or
additional terms and conditions of any insurance policy in effect on the
Premises or the Project from time to time (collectively the "Building
Insurance"), Nor shall Tenant do nor permit any other act or thing to be done in
or to the Premises or the Project which shall or might subject Landlord to any
liability or responsibility to any person or for property damage, nor shall
Tenant use the Premises or keep anything on or in the Project except as now or
hereafter permitted by the fire regulations, the fire department or zoning,
health, safety, land use or other regulations. Tenant, at Tenant's sole cost and
expense, shall comply with all requirements and recommendations set forth by any
property or casualty insurer or reinsurer providing coverage for the Premises or
the Project or by any person or entity engaged by Landlord or Manager to perform
any loss control, analysis or assessment for the Premises or the Project. Tenant
shall not do or permit anything to be done in or upon the Premises or the
Project or bring or keep anything therein or use the Premises or the Project in
a manner which increases the rate of premium for any Building Insurance or any
property or equipment located therein over the rate in effect at the
commencement of the Term of this Lease. In addition, Tenant agrees to pay
Landlord the amount of any increase in premiums for insurance which may be
charged during the term of this Lease resulting from the act or omissions of
Tenant or the character or nature of its occupancy or use of the Project or the
Premises, whether or not Landlord has consented to the same. Any scheduled or
"make-up" of any insurance rate for the Premises, the Building or the Project
issued by any insurance company establishing insurance premium rates for the
Premises, Building or the Project shall be prima facie evidence of the facts
therein stated and of the several items and charges in the insurance premium
rates then applicable to the Premises, the Building or the Project. Tenant shall
give Landlord notice promptly after Tenant learns of any accident, emergency, or
occurrence for which Landlord is or may be liable, or any fire or other casualty
or damage or defects to the Premises, the Building or the Project which Landlord
is or may be responsible or which constitutes the property of Landlord.

         7.03 Tenant shall not perform acts or carry on any activities or engage
in any practices which may injure the Premises or any portion of the Project or
which may be a nuisance or menace to other persons on or in the Project. Tenant
shall pay all costs, expenses, fines, penalties, or damages which may be imposed
upon Landlord by reason of Tenant's failure to comply with the provisions of
this Section.

         7.04 Tenant will not place any load upon any floor of the Premises
exceeding the floor load per square foot area which it was designed to carry and
which is allowed by law. Landlord reserves the right to prescribe the weight and
position of all safes, business machines and mechanical equipment. Such items
shall be placed and maintained by Tenant, at Tenant's expense, in settings
sufficient in Landlord's judgment, to absorb and prevent vibration, noise and
annoyance. If at any time any windows of the Premises are temporarily or
permanently closed, darkened or covered for any reason whatsoever, including
Landlord's own acts, Landlord shall not be liable for any damage Tenant may
sustain thereby, and the same shall not be considered a default under this Lease
and Tenant shall not be entitled to any compensation therefore nor abatement of
any Base Rent or any other sums due hereunder, nor shall the same release Tenant
from its obligations hereunder nor constitute an eviction, construction, actual
or otherwise.

         7.05 During the term hereof, and consistent with janitorial services
provided by Landlord, Tenant will keep the Premises in a clean and wholesome
condition, will use the same in a careful and proper manner, and generally will
comply with all laws, ordinances, orders and regulations affecting the Premises
and the cleanliness, safety, occupancy and use thereof. Tenant will not commit
waste in or on the Premises, and will use the Premises in accordance with the
Rules and Regulations of the Project, as set forth in Exhibit B, attached hereto
and made a part hereof.

         7.06 As between Landlord and Tenant, Tenant shall be responsible for
any alterations, changes or improvements to the Premises which may be necessary
in order for the Premises and Tenant's use thereof to be in compliance with the
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and its state and local counterparts or
equivalents (the "Disabilities Act") during the term of this Lease provided
Landlord shall be responsible for improvements to the Premises in accordance
with Section 2.04 and all improvements to the common areas necessary to comply
with the Disabilities Act.

         7.07 For the purposes of this Lease, the term "Hazardous Materials"
shall mean, collectively, (i) any biological materials, chemicals, materials,
substances or wastes which are now or hereafter become defined as or included in
the definition of "hazardous substances", "hazardous wastes", "hazardous
materials", "extremely hazardous wastes", "restricted hazardous wastes", "toxic
substances",

                                       6
<PAGE>

"toxic pollutants", or words of similar import, under any applicable
Environmental Law (as defined below) and (ii) any petroleum or petroleum
products and asbestos in any form that is or could become friable.

         7.08 For the purposes of this Lease, the term "Environmental Laws"
shall mean all federal, state, and local laws, statutes, ordinances,
regulations, criteria, guidelines and rules of common law now or hereafter in
effect, and in each case as amended, and any judicial or administrative
interpretation thereof, including, without limitation, laws and regulations
relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases or Hazardous
Materials or otherwise related to the manufacture, processing, distribution,
use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials.
Environmental Laws include but are not limited to the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended; the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended; the Clean Air Act, as
amended; the Clean Water Act, as amended; and their state and local counterparts
or equivalents.

         7.09 Tenant shall not (either with or without negligence) cause or
permit the escape, disposal or release of any Hazardous Materials. Tenant shall
not allow the storage or use of such Hazardous Materials on the Premises or the
Project in any manner prohibited by the Environmental Laws or by the highest
standards prevailing in the industry for the storage and use of such Hazardous
Materials, nor allow to be brought into the Premises or the Project any such
Hazardous Materials except to use in the ordinary course of Tenant's business,
and then only after written notice is given to Landlord of the identity of such
Hazardous Materials and Landlord consents in writing to the use of such
materials. Landlord shall have the right at any times during the term of this
Lease to perform assessments of the environmental condition of the Premises and
of Tenant's compliance with this Section 7.09. In connection with any such
assessment, Landlord shall have the right to enter and inspect the Premises and
perform tests (including physically invasive tests), provided such tests are
performed in a manner that minimizes disruption to Tenant. Tenant will cooperate
with Landlord in connection with any such assessment by, among other things,
responding to inquires and providing relevant documentation and records. Tenant
will accept custody and arrange for the disposal of any Hazardous Materials that
are required to be disposed of as a result of those tests. Landlord shall have
no liability or responsibility to Tenant with respect to any such assessment or
test or with respect to results of any such assessment or test. If any lender or
governmental agency shall ever require testing to ascertain whether or not there
has been any release of Hazardous Materials, then the reasonable costs thereof
shall be reimbursed by Tenant to Landlord upon demand as additional charges if
such requirement applies to the Premises or Tenant's activities on the Project.
If any inspection indicates any (i) non-compliance with any Environmental Law or
the highest standards prevailing in the industry for the storage and use of
Hazardous Materials; (ii) damage; or (iii) contamination, Tenant shall, at its
cost and expense, remedy such non-compliance, damage or contamination. In
addition, Tenant shall execute affidavits, representations and the like from
time to time at Landlord's request concerning Tenant's best knowledge and belief
regarding the presence of Hazardous Materials on the Premises. Irrespective of
whether Landlord elects to inspect the Premises, if Hazardous Materials are
found on or about the Premises, Landlord shall have no responsibility, liability
or obligation whatsoever with respect to the existence, removal or
transportation of the Hazardous Material or the restoration and remediation of
the Premises. Tenant's obligations under this paragraph with respect to any
environmental condition shall not be applicable to the extent that such
environmental condition (a) exists prior to the commencement of the initial term
of this Lease or (b) results from (i) the actions or omissions of Landlord
either before the commencement of this Lease, during the term hereof or after
the termination of this Lease or (ii) the actions or omissions of any preceding
or succeeding tenant or owner of the Premises or (iii) the actions or omissions
of any person or entity who or which is not a subtenant, employee, agent,
invitee, customer, visitor, licensee, contractor or designee of Tenant. Further,
Landlord shall have the right to require Tenant to immediately terminate the
conduct of any activity in violation of the Environmental Law, the highest
standards prevailing in the industry for the storage and use of Hazardous
Materials or, if none exist, the standards determined by Landlord. Prior to any
inspection, Landlord shall provide Tenant reasonable prior notice except in an
emergency.


         7.10 Tenant further agrees that it will not, by either action or
inaction, invite or otherwise cause agents or representatives of any federal,
state or local governmental agency to enter onto the Premises or the Project
and/or investigate the Premises or the Project. This agreement does not allow
Tenant to obstruct any such entry or investigation and the mere fact of a
regulatory agency entry or investigation without Tenant's involvement either by
action or inaction shall not be deemed a breach of this lease. Nothing set forth
in this paragraph shall prohibit Tenant from reporting any fact or condition
which Tenant has been advised it has a legal obligation to report provided
Tenant first notifies Landlord of such fact or condition and Tenant's intention
to report the fact or condition.

         7.11 Tenant shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend Landlord, its
licensees, servants, agents, employees and contractors from any loss, damage,
claim, liability or expense (including reasonable attorney's fees) arising out
of the failure of the Premises or Tenant's use thereof to be in compliance with
Disabilities Act. Tenant shall not be required to indemnify, hold harmless or
defend Landlord for the failure, if any, of the common areas (including the
parking areas, ramps and walkways) to comply with the Disabilities Act. Tenant
shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend Landlord, its licensees, servants,
agents, employees and contractors for any loss, damage, claim, liability or
expense (including reasonable attorney's fees) arising out of any violation of
any Environmental Law(s) by Tenant or its responsible parties (as described in
Section 7.09 above) on the Premises or the Project which occurs after the date
hereof. Tenant shall notify Landlord as soon as possible after Tenant learns of
the existence of or potential for any such loss, damage, claim, liability or
expense arising out of any violation or suspected



                                       7

<PAGE>

violation of any Environmental Law(s) or the Disabilities Act. In the event
Tenant refuses to address such violation or suspected violation within five (5)
days of such notice from Landlord, and, thereafter, to investigate such
violation or suspected violation, and promptly commence and diligently pursue
any action required to address such violation or suspected violation, Landlord
shall have the right, in addition to every other right and remedy it may have
hereunder, to terminate this Lease by giving ten (10) days prior written notice
thereof to Tenant, and upon the expiration of such ten (10) days, this Lease
shall terminate. The covenants set forth herein shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Lease.

                                    SECTION 8.

                                    INSURANCE

         8.01 Commencing on the Commencement Date, Tenant shall, during the Term
of this Lease, maintain in full force and effect policies of commercial general
liability insurance (including premises, operation, bodily injury, personal
injury, death, independent contractors, products and completed operations, broad
form contractual liability and broad form property damage coverage), in a
combined single limit amount of not less than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000),
per occurrence (exclusive of defense costs), against all claims, demands or
actions with respect to damage, injury or death made by or on behalf of any
person or entity, arising from or relating to the conduct and operation of
Tenant's business in, on or about the Premises (which shall include Tenant's
signs, if any), or arising from or related to any act or omission of Tenant or
of Tenant's principals, officers, agents, contractors, servants, employees,
licensees and invitees. Whenever, in Landlord's reasonable judgment, good
business practice and changing conditions indicate a need for additional amounts
or different types of insurance coverage, Tenant shall, within ten (10) days
after Landlord's request, obtain such insurance coverage, at Tenant's sole cost
and expense. Landlord shall enforce such insurance coverage requirement in a
consistent non-discriminatory manner for all Tenants unless the changing
conditions relate only to the operation of Tenant's business.

         8.02 Commencing on the Commencement Date, Tenant shall obtain and
maintain policies of workers' compensation and employers' liability insurance
which shall provide for statutory workers' compensation benefits and employers'
liability limits of not less than that required by law.

         8.03 Commencing on the Commencement Date, Tenant shall obtain and
maintain insurance protecting and indemnifying Tenant against any and all damage
to or loss of any personal property, fixtures, leasehold improvements,
alterations, decorations, installations, repairs, additions, replacements or
other physical changes in or about the Premises, including but not limited to
the Tenant Improvements, and all claims and liabilities relating thereto, for
their full replacement value without deduction or depreciation. In addition, if
Tenant shall install or maintain one or more pressure vessels to serve Tenant's
operations on the Premises, Tenant shall, at Tenant's sole cost and expense,
obtain, maintain and keep in full force and effect appropriate boiler or other
insurance coverage therefore in an amount not less than One Million and No/100
Dollars ($1,000,000.00) (it being understood and agreed, however, that the
foregoing shall not be deemed a consent by Landlord to the installation and/or
maintenance of any such pressure vessels in the Premises, which installation
and/or maintenance shall at all times be subject to the prior written consent of
Landlord). All insurance policies required pursuant to this Paragraph 8.03 shall
be written on a so-called "all risk" form and shall be carried in sufficient
amount so as to avoid the imposition of any co-insurance penalty in the event of
a loss. Such insurance shall provide the broadest coverage then available,
including coverage for loss of profits or business income or reimbursement for
extra expense incurred as the result of damage or destruction to all or a part
of the Premises.

         8.04 All insurance policies which Tenant shall be required to maintain
pursuant to this Section 8 shall, in addition to any of the foregoing: be
written by insurers which have an A.M. Best & Company rating of "A-", Class "X",
or better and who are authorized to write such business in the State of Michigan
and are otherwise satisfactory to Landlord; be written as "occurrence" policy;
be written as primary policy coverage and not contributing with or in excess of
any coverage which Landlord or any ground or building lessor may carry; name
Landlord, the Manager, and Landlord's mortgagee and ground or building lessor,
if any, as additional insureds; be endorsed to provide that they shall not be
cancelled, failed to be renewed, diminished or materially altered for any reason
except on thirty (30) days prior written notice to Landlord and the other
additional insureds; and provide coverage to Landlord, Landlord's property
management company, and Landlord's mortgagee whether or not the event or
occurrence giving rise to the claim is alleged to have been caused in whole or
in part by the acts or negligence of Landlord, Landlord's property management
company, or Landlord's mortgagee. Certificates of Insurance evidencing such
coverage will be delivered by Tenant to Landlord at least ten (10) days prior to
their effective date thereof, together with receipts evidencing payment of the
premiums therefor. Tenant will deliver certificates of renewal for such policies
to Landlord not less than thirty (30) days prior to the expiration dates
thereof. No such policy shall contain a deductible or self insured retention
greater than $5,000.00 per claim, nor shall any such policy be the subject of an
indemnification or other arrangement by which any insured is obligated to repay
any insurer with respect to loss occurring on the Premises.




                                       8

<PAGE>

         8.05 If Tenant fails to provide all or any of the insurance required by
this Section 8 or subsequently fails to maintain such insurance in accordance
with the requirements hereof, then after giving one (1) business days written
notice to Tenant, Landlord may (but will not be required to) procure or renew
such insurance to protect its own interests only, and any amounts paid by
Landlord for such insurance will be additional rental due and payable on or
before the next Rent Day, together with late charges and interest as provided in
Section 5 hereof. Landlord and Tenant agree that no insurance acquired by
Landlord pursuant hereto shall cover any interest or liability of Tenant and any
procurement by Landlord of any such insurance or the payment of any such
premiums shall not be deemed to waive or release the default of Tenant with
respect thereto.

                                   SECTION 9.

                        DAMAGE BY FIRE OR OTHER CASUALTY

         9.01 It is understood and agreed that if, during the Term hereof, the
Project and/or the Premises shall be damaged or destroyed in whole or in part by
fire or other casualty, without the fault or neglect of Tenant, Tenant's
servants, employees, agents, visitors, invitees or licensees, which damage is
covered by insurance carried pursuant to Section 8 above, unless Landlord elects
to terminate this Lease as provided in Paragraph 9.02 below, Landlord shall
cause the Project and/or the Premises to be repaired and restored to good,
tenantable condition with reasonable dispatch at its expense; provided, however,
Landlord shall not be obligated to expend for such repair or restoration an
amount in excess of insurance proceeds made available to Landlord for such
purpose, if any. Landlord's obligation hereunder shall be limited to repairing
or restoring the Project and/or the Premises to substantially the same condition
that existed prior to such damage or destruction.

         9.02 If (i) more than fifty (50%) percent of the floor area of the
Premises shall be damaged or destroyed, (ii) more than twenty-five (25%) percent
of the Project shall be damaged or destroyed, or (iii) any material damage or
destruction occurs to the Premises or the Project during the last twelve (12)
months of the Initial Term or Option Term, as the case may be, then Landlord may
elect to either terminate this Lease or repair and rebuild the Premises. In
order to terminate this lease pursuant to this Paragraph, Landlord must give
written notice to Tenant of its election to so terminate, such notice to be
given within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of damage or destruction
fitting the above description, and thereupon the term of this Lease shall expire
by lapse of time ten (10) days after such notice is given and Tenant shall
vacate the Premises and surrender the same to Landlord, without prejudice,
however, to Landlord's rights and remedies against Tenant under the Lease
provisions in effect prior to such termination, and any rent owing shall be paid
up to such date and any payments of rent made by Tenant which were on account of
any period subsequent to such date shall be returned to Tenant. Tenant
acknowledges that Landlord will not carry insurance on Tenant's furniture and/or
furnishings or any fixtures or equipment, improvements, or appurtenances
removable by Tenant and agrees that Landlord will not be obligated to repair any
damage thereto or replace the same.

         9.03 Tenant shall give immediate notice to Landlord in case of fire or
accident at the Premises. If Landlord repairs or restores the Premises as
provided in Paragraph 9.01 above, Tenant shall promptly repair or replace its
trade fixtures, furnishings, equipment, personal property and leasehold
improvements in a manner and to a condition equal to that existing prior to the
occurrence of such damage or destruction.

         9.04 If the casualty, or the repairing or rebuilding of the Premises
pursuant to Paragraphs 9.01 and 9.02 above shall render the Premises
untenantable, in whole or in part, a proportionate abatement of the rent due
hereunder shall be allowed from the date when the damage occurred until the date
Landlord completes the repairs on the Premises or, in the event Landlord elects
to terminate this Lease, until the date of termination. Such abatement shall be
computed on the basis of the ratio of the floor area of the Premises rendered
untenantable to the entire floor area of the Premises.

         9.05 Tenant shall not entrust any property to any employee, contractor,
licensee, or invitee of Landlord. Any person to whom any property is entrusted
by or on behalf of Tenant in violation of foregoing prohibition shall be deemed
to be acting as Tenant's agent with respect to such property and neither
Landlord nor its agents shall be liable for any damage to property of Tenant or
of others entrusted to employees of the Project, nor shall Landlord or its
agents be liable for any such damage caused by other tenants or persons in, upon
or about the Project or caused by operations or construction of any private,
public or quasi-public work.

                                   SECTION 10.

                      REPAIRS, RENOVATIONS AND ALTERATIONS

         10.01 Tenant shall, at Tenant's sole expense, keep the interior of the
Premises and the fixtures therein in good condition, reasonable wear and tear
and damage from insured casualty excepted, and will also repair all damage or
injury to the Premises and fixtures resulting from the carelessness, omission,
neglect or other action or inaction of Tenant, its servants, employees, agents,
visitors, invitees or licensees. Such damage shall be promptly repaired or
damaged items replaced by Tenant, at its sole expense, to the satisfaction of
Landlord. If Tenant fails to make such repairs or replacements, Landlord



                                       9

<PAGE>

after providing ten (10) days notice thereby allowing Tenant an opportunity for
Tenant to cure, except in an emergency, may do so and the cost thereof shall
become collectible as additional rent hereunder and shall be paid by Tenant
within thirty (30) days after presentation of statement therefor. Landlord shall
maintain, and shall make all necessary repairs and replacements to, the
Building, the heating, air conditioning and electrical systems located therein,
and the Common Areas, provided that at Landlord's option, (i) Tenant shall make
all repairs and replacements arising from its act, neglect or default and that
of its agents, servants, employees, invitees and licensees, or (ii) Landlord may
make such repairs and replacements and the costs thereof shall become
collectable as additional rent hereunder and shall be paid by Tenant within
thirty (30) days after presentation of a statement therefore. Tenant shall keep
and maintain the Premises in a clean, sanitary and safe condition, and shall
keep and maintain the interior of the Premises in full compliance with the laws
of the United States and State of Michigan, all directions, rules and
regulations of any health officer, fire marshal, building inspector, or other
proper official of any governmental agency having jurisdiction over the
Premises, and the requirements of Landlord's mortgagee, all at Tenant's full
cost and expense, and Tenant shall comply with all requirements of law,
ordinance and regulation affecting the Premises. Tenant shall make all
non-structural repairs to the Premises as and when needed to preserve them in
good order and condition. All the aforesaid repairs shall be of quality or class
equal to the original construction. Tenant shall give Landlord prompt written
notice of any defective condition in any plumbing, heating system or electrical
lines located in, servicing or passing through the Premises and following such
notice, Landlord shall remedy the condition with due diligence but at the
expense of Tenant if repairs are necessitated by damage or injury attributable
to Tenant, Tenant's servants, agents, employees, invitees or licensees. There
shall be no allowance to Tenant for diminutions of rental value and no liability
on the part of Landlord by reason of inconvenience, annoyance or injury to
business arising from Landlord, Tenant, or others making or failing to make any
repairs, alterations, additions, or improvements in or to any portion of the
Building or the Premises or in and to the fixtures, appurtenances or equipment
thereof. The provisions of this Section 10 with respect to the making of repairs
shall not apply in the case of fire or other casualty which are dealt with in
Section 9 hereof.

         10.02 Tenant shall not make any renovations, alterations, additions or
improvements to the Premises without Landlord's prior written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. All plans and
specifications for such renovations, alterations, additions or improvements
shall be approved by Landlord prior to commencement of any work. Landlord's
approval of the plans, specifications and working drawings for Tenant's
alterations shall create no responsibility or liability on the part of Landlord
for their completeness, design sufficiency, or compliance with laws, rules and
regulations of governmental agencies or authorities, including but not limited
to the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended. All renovations,
alterations, additions or improvements made by Tenant upon the Premises, except
for movable office furniture and movable trade fixtures installed at the expense
of Tenant, shall be and shall remain the property of Landlord, and shall be
surrendered with the Premises at the termination of this Lease, without
molestation or injury. In addition, Landlord may designate by written notice to
Tenant the alterations, additions, improvements and fixtures made by or for
Tenant, which shall be removed by Tenant at the expiration or termination of the
Lease and Tenant shall promptly remove the same and repair any damage to the
Premises caused by such removal.

         10.03 Tenant agrees that all renovations, alterations, additions and
improvements made by it pursuant to Paragraph 10.02, notwithstanding Landlord's
approval thereof, shall be done in a good and workmanlike manner and in
conformity with all guidelines provided by Landlord and all laws, ordinances and
regulations of all public authorities having jurisdiction, that materials of
good quality shall be employed therein, that the structure of the Premises shall
not be impaired thereby, that the work shall be carried out and completed in an
orderly, clean and safe manner, and that, while the work is being performed,
Tenant shall maintain builder's risk insurance coverage with Landlord as a named
insured, which insurance coverage shall meet the criteria set forth in Section
8.
                                   SECTION 11.

                                      LIENS

         11.01 Tenant will keep the Premises free of liens of any sort and will
hold Landlord harmless from any liens which may be placed on the Premises except
those attributable to debts incurred by Landlord. In the event a construction or
other lien shall be filed against the Building, the Premises or Tenant's
interest therein as a result of any work undertaken by Tenant or its employees,
agents, contractors or subcontractors, or as a result of any repairs or
alterations made by or any other act of Tenant or its employees, agents,
contractors or subcontractors, Tenant shall, within five (5) business days after
receiving notice of such lien, discharge such lien either by payment of the
indebtedness due the lien claimant or by filing a bond (as provided by statute)
as security for the discharge of such lien. In the event Tenant shall fail to
discharge such lien, Landlord shall have the right to procure such discharge by
filing such bond, and Tenant shall pay the cost of such bond to Landlord as
additional rent upon the next Rent Day in accordance with Section 5 hereof.



                                       10

<PAGE>
                                   SECTION 12.

                                 EMINENT DOMAIN

         12.01 If all of the Premises are condemned or taken in any manner
(including without limitation any conveyance in lieu thereof) for any public or
quasi-public use, the term of this Lease shall cease and terminate as of the
date title is vested in the condemning authority. If (i) more than fifty (50%)
percent of the floor area of the Premises shall be condemned or taken in any
manner, or (ii) more than twenty-five (25%) percent of the Building shall be
condemned or taken, or (iii) any material condemnation or taking occurs during
the last twelve (12) months of the Initial Term or Option Term, as the case may
be, or (iv) such a portion of the parking area on the Land is so condemned or
taken that the number of parking spaces remaining are less than the number
required by applicable zoning laws or other building code for the Building, then
Landlord may elect to terminate this Lease. In order to terminate this Lease
pursuant to this Paragraph, Landlord must give Tenant written notice of its
election to so terminate, such notice to be given not later than ninety (90)
days after the completion of such condemnation or taking, and thereupon the term
of this Lease shall expire on the date set forth in such notice, and Tenant
shall vacate the Premises and surrender the same to Landlord, without prejudice,
however, to Landlord's rights and remedies against Tenant under the Lease
provisions in effect prior to such termination, and any rent owing shall be paid
up to such date and any payments of rent made by Tenant which were on account of
any period subsequent to such date shall be returned to Tenant.

         12.02 If this Lease is not terminated following such a condemnation or
taking, Landlord, as soon as reasonably practicable after such condemnation or
taking and the determination and payment of Landlord's award on account thereof,
shall expend as much as may be necessary of the net amount which is awarded to
Landlord and released by Landlord's mortgagee, if any, in restoring, to the
extent originally constructed by Landlord (consistent, however, with zoning laws
and building codes then in existence), so much of the Building as was originally
constructed by Landlord to an architectural unit as nearly like its condition
prior to such taking as shall be practicable; provided, however, Landlord shall
not be obligated to expend for such restoration an amount in excess of
condemnation proceeds made available to Landlord, if any. Landlord's obligation
hereunder shall be limited to restoring the Building and/or the Premises to
substantially the same condition that existed prior to such condemnation or
taking.

         12.03 If this Lease is not terminated pursuant to Paragraph 12.01, the
Base Rent and other sums payable by Tenant hereunder, as adjusted as provided
herein, shall be reduced in proportion to the reduction in area of the Premises
by reason of the condemnation or taking. If this Lease is terminated pursuant to
Paragraph 12.01, the minimum net rental and other charges which are the
obligation of Tenant hereunder shall be apportioned and prorated accordingly as
of the date of termination.

         12.04 The whole of any award or compensation for any portion of the
Premises taken, condemned or conveyed in lieu of taking or condemnation,
including the value of Tenant's leasehold interest under the Lease, shall be
solely the property of and payable to Landlord. Nothing herein contained shall
be deemed to preclude Tenant from seeking, at its own cost and expense, an award
from the condemning authority for loss of its business, the value of any trade
fixtures or other personal property of Tenant in the Premises or moving
expenses, provided that the award for such claim or claims shall not be in
diminution of the award made to Landlord.

                                   SECTION 13.

                            ASSIGNMENT OR SUBLETTING

         13.01 Tenant agrees not to assign or in any manner transfer this Lease
or any interest in this Lease without the prior written consent of Landlord, and
not to sublet the Premises or any part of the Premises or to allow anyone to use
or to come in, through or under the Premises without Landlord's consent. Any
attempted subletting or assignment without Landlord's consent shall be voidable
in Landlord's sole discretion and, at Landlord's option, shall grant Landlord
the right to terminate this Lease or to exercise any of the other rights or
remedies it may have hereunder. If consented to, no assignment or subletting
shall be binding upon Landlord unless the sublessee or assignee shall deliver to
Landlord an instrument (in recordable form, if Landlord so requests) containing
an agreement of assumption of all of Tenant's obligations under this Lease. In
no event may Tenant assign, sublet or otherwise transfer this Lease or any
interest in this Lease at any time while an Event of Default exists hereunder.
Landlord may, in its sole discretion, refuse to give its consent to any proposed
subletting or assignment or exercise its other rights hereunder for any reason,
including, but not limited to, the financial condition, creditworthiness or
business reputation of the proposed sublessee or assignee, the prevailing market
or quoted rental rates for space in the Building or other comparable buildings,
and the proposed use of the Premises by, or business of, the proposed sublessee
or assignee. One consent by Landlord to a subletting or assignment will not be
deemed a consent to any subsequent assignment, subletting, occupation or use by
any other person. Neither the consent to any assignment or subletting nor the
acceptance of rent from an assignee, subtenant or occupant will constitute a
release of Tenant from the further performance of the obligations of Tenant
contained in this Lease. A dissolution, merger, consolidation, or other
reorganization of Tenant and the issuance or transfer of twenty (20%) percent or
more of the voting capital of Tenant to persons other than shareholders as of
the beginning of such period within any twelve (12) month period, shall each be
deemed to be an assignment of this Lease, and as such, prohibited without
Landlord's prior written consent. Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph to
the contrary, Landlord shall allow the occupancy of


                                       11
<PAGE>

the Premises by Tenant's parent company or a subsidiary or an affiliate which is
wholly owned by Tenant (the "Related Entity"), or the assignment of this Lease
or the subletting of all or a portion of the Premises to a Related Entity
provided that: (i) Tenant shall give written notice to Landlord at least sixty
(60) days prior to said proposed occupancy, assignment or subletting setting
forth the terms thereof together with such financial and other information
Landlord may request; and (ii) any such occupancy, assignment or subletting
shall not constitute a release of Tenant from the further performance of the
obligations of Tenant contained in this Lease; and (iii) any such occupancy,
assignment or subletting shall be subject to Sections 13.03 and 13.04.

         13.02 In the event Tenant desires to sublet all or a portion of the
Premises or assign this Lease, Tenant shall give notice to Landlord setting
forth the terms of the proposed subletting or assignment together with such
financial and other information Landlord may request. Landlord shall have the
right, exercisable by written notice to Tenant within thirty (30) days after
receipt of Tenant's notice, (i) to consent or refuse to consent thereto in
accordance with Paragraph 13.01 above, or (ii) to terminate this Lease which
termination may, in Landlord's sole discretion, be conditioned upon Landlord and
the proposed subtenant/assignee entering into a new Lease. However, in the event
Landlord desires to elect to terminate this Lease, it shall first notify Tenant
of its desire whereupon Tenant may withdraw the request within ten (10) days
after Landlord's notice by the delivery of written withdrawal thereof to
Landlord whereupon Landlord shall withdraw its recapture option and Tenant shall
remain fully obligated under this Lease.

         13.03 Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, as defined under
Section 18, if all or any part of the Premises are then sublet or assigned,
Landlord, in addition to any other remedies provided by this Lease or by law,
may, at its option, collect directly from the sublessee or assignee all rent
becoming due to Landlord by reason of the subletting or assignment. Any
collection by Landlord from the sublessee or assignee shall not be construed to
constitute a waiver or release of Tenant from the further performance of its
obligations under this Lease or the making of a new Lease with such sublessee or
assignee.

         13.04 In the event Tenant shall sublet all or a portion of the Premises
or assign this Lease, all of the sums of money or other economic consideration
received by Tenant or its affiliates, directly or indirectly, as a result of
such subletting or assignment, whether denominated as rent or otherwise, which
exceed in the aggregate the total sums which Tenant is obligated to pay Landlord
under this Lease (prorated to reflect obligations allocable to that portion of
the Premises subject to such sublease) shall be payable to Landlord as
additional rent under this Lease without effecting or reducing any other
obligation of Tenant hereunder.

                                   SECTION 14.

                             INSPECTION OF PREMISES

         14.01 Tenant agrees to permit Landlord to enter the Premises for the
purpose of inspecting the same and to show same to prospective purchasers,
tenants or mortgagees of the Project, and to make such repairs, alterations,
improvements or additions as Landlord may deem necessary or desirable, and
Landlord shall be allowed to take all material into and upon the Premises that
may be required therefor without the same constituting an eviction of Tenant in
whole or in part and the rent reserved shall in no way abate while said repairs,
alterations, improvements, or additions are being made, by reason of loss or
interruption of business of Tenant, or otherwise. Landlord will give Tenant
reasonable notice prior to an entry by Landlord pursuant to this Section 14.01,
except in the case of emergencies in which event no notice need be given.

                                   SECTION 15.

                             FIXTURES AND EQUIPMENT

         15.01 All fixtures and equipment paid for by Landlord and all fixtures
and equipment which may be paid for and placed on the Premises by Tenant from
time to time but which are so incorporated and affixed to Premises that their
removal would involve damage or structural change to Premises will be and remain
the property of Landlord.

         15.02 All tenant furnishings, office equipment and tenant fixtures
(other than those specified in Sections 10.02 and 15.01), which are paid for and
placed on the Premises by Tenant from time to time (other than those which are
replacements for fixtures originally paid for by Landlord) will remain the
property of Tenant.



                                       12


<PAGE>

                                   SECTION 16.

                                  PARKING AREAS

         16.01 Tenant and its agents, employees, customers, licensees and
invitees shall have the non-exclusive right to use in common with Landlord and
all other tenants and occupants of the Building and their respective agents,
employees, customers, licensees and invitees, the Common Area parking and
loading dock facilities, if any, on the Land, and all driveways, entrances and
exits located within the Project necessary to provide a means of ingress and
egress to and from the Premises. Such use of parking facilities shall be subject
to, and consistent with, the Rules and Regulations of the Project (as set forth
in Exhibit B), together with such reasonable modifications and additions as may
be made thereto during the term of this Lease. Landlord shall designate the
number of parking spaces set forth in Paragraph 1.01(i) in the parking lot of
the Project for the exclusive use of Tenant (the "Tenant's Designated Parking
Spaces"). Tenant shall pay Landlord, as additional rent on each Rent Day, an
amount set forth in Section 1.01(i). Such sums may be increased by Landlord from
time to time by the delivery of thirty (30) days prior written notice to Tenant.
Within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notification, Tenant may: (i) accept
such increase; or (ii) reject such increase for all or any of its exclusive
spaces, in which event Tenant's exclusive parking rights for such spaces shall
terminate. If Tenant accepts such increase or fails to reject such increase
within the thirty (30) day period, then commencing with the next Rent Day
following Landlord's notice, the amount of additional rent payable hereunder
shall be increased accordingly. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the
contrary, Landlord shall have the right to relocate Tenant's Designated Parking
Spaces within the parking lot of the Project, and Landlord shall have the right
to designate other parking spaces in the parking lot for the exclusive use of
others. Tenant agrees to be bound by parking regulations in effect at the
Project, together with reasonable modifications or additions as may be necessary
during the term of this Lease, as more fully described in Exhibit "B", attached
hereto and made part hereof.

                                   SECTION 17.

                                NOTICE OR DEMANDS

         17.01 All bills, notices, requests, statements, communications, or
demands (collectively, "notices or demands") to or upon Landlord or Tenant
desired or required to be given under any of the provisions hereof must be in
writing. Any such notices or demands from Landlord to Tenant will be deemed to
have been duly and sufficiently given if a copy thereof has been personally
delivered, mailed by United States certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, or sent via overnight courier service to Tenant at the address
of the Premises or at such other address as Tenant may have last furnished in
writing to Landlord for such purpose. Any such notices or demands from Tenant to
Landlord will be deemed to have been duly and sufficiently given if delivered to
Landlord in the same manner as provided above at the address set forth at the
heading of this Lease or at the address last furnished by written notice from
Landlord to Tenant. The effective date and the delivery date of such notice or
demand will be deemed to be the time when it is personally delivered, three (3)
days after it is mailed or the day after it is sent via overnight courier as
herein provided.

                                   SECTION 18.

                          BREACH; INSOLVENCY; RE-ENTRY

         18.01 Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under
this Lease: (i) Tenant's failure to pay rent or any other sum payable hereunder
for more than five (5) business days after written notice of such failure has
been delivered to Tenant (but if one notice has been given in any twelve (12)
month period, no further notice shall be required during such twelve (12) month
period); (ii) Tenant's failure to perform any of the non-monetary terms,
conditions or covenants of this Lease to be observed or performed by Tenant for
more than seven (7) business days after written notice of such failure shall
have been delivered to Tenant except in connection with a breach which cannot be
remedied or cured within said seven (7) business day period, in which event the
time of Tenant within which to cure such breach shall be extended for such time
as shall be necessary to cure the same, but only if Tenant, within such seven
(7) business day period, shall have commenced and diligently proceeded to remedy
or cure such breach; (iii) if Tenant is named as the debtor in any bankruptcy
proceeding, or similar debtor proceeding, and any such proceeding, if
involuntary, is not dismissed or set aside within sixty (60) days from the date
thereof; (iv) if Tenant makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or
petitions for or enters into an arrangement with creditors or if a receiver of
any property of Tenant in or upon the Premises is appointed in any action, suit
or proceeding by or against Tenant, or if Tenant shall admit to any creditor or
to Landlord that it is insolvent, or if the interest of Tenant in the Premises
shall be sold under execution or other legal process; or (v) if Tenant shall
suffer this Lease to be taken under any writ of execution. Upon the occurrence
of any Event of Default and after the delivery of written notice thereof to the
extent required under applicable Michigan law, Landlord, in addition to any
other rights and remedies it



                                       13

<PAGE>
may have hereunder or by law, shall have the immediate right of re-entry, and
may remove all persons and property from the Premises and it shall have the
right to abandon or otherwise dispose of such property in any way it may deem
fit which is not in contravention of applicable law. In addition, Landlord shall
have the right, but not the obligation, to store all or some of the property
which may have been removed in a public warehouse or elsewhere at the cost of,
and for the account of, Tenant, all without service of notice or resort to legal
process and all without being deemed guilty of trespass or becoming liable for
any loss or damage which may be occasioned thereby.

         18.02 In the event Landlord shall elect to re-enter the Premises in
accordance with Paragraph 18.01, or should Landlord take possession of Premises
pursuant to legal proceedings or pursuant to any notice provided by law,
Landlord may either terminate this Lease or may from time to time without
terminating this Lease, make such alterations and repairs as Landlord may deem
necessary in order to relet the Premises, and relet the Premises or any part
thereof for any such term or terms (which may be for a term extended beyond the
term of this Lease) and at such rental or rentals, and upon such other terms and
conditions as Landlord may deem advisable.

         18.03 Upon the reletting of the Premises in accordance with Paragraph
18.02, all rentals received by Landlord from such reletting shall be applied in
the following order of priority: (a) to the payment of any additional rent
payable as provided in Section 5 hereof, including interest and late charges;
(b) to the payment of any other indebtedness other than rent due hereunder from
Tenant to Landlord; (c) to the payment of the actual costs and expenses of
obtaining possession, restoring and repairing the Premises and the actual costs
and expenses of reletting, including brokerage and attorneys' fees; and (d) to
the payment of any rent and other sums due and unpaid under this Lease. The
remainder, if any, shall be held by Landlord and applied in payment of future
rent as the same may become due and payable hereunder. If the rental received
from such reletting during any month is less than that to be paid during that
month by Tenant hereunder, Tenant shall pay any such deficiency to Landlord
monthly. No such re-entry or taking possession of the Premises or any part
thereof by Landlord shall be construed as an election on its part to terminate
this Lease unless a written notice of such intention is given to Tenant or
unless the termination thereof is decreed by a court of competent jurisdiction.

         18.04 Notwithstanding any reletting of the Premises without termination
in accordance with Paragraph 18.02, Landlord may at any time after the
occurrence of any Event of Default, terminate this Lease and, in addition to any
other remedies Landlord may have, Landlord may recover from Tenant all damages
it may incur by reason of Tenant's breach, including, without limitation, the
reasonable cost of recovering and reletting the Premises and reasonable
attorneys' fees incidental thereto and the worth at the time of the termination
of the amount of rent and other charges payable hereunder for the remainder of
the Term, all of which amounts shall be immediately due and payable by Tenant to
Landlord.

         18.05 In case suit shall be brought or an attorney otherwise consulted,
for recovery of possession of the leased premises, for the recovery of rent or
any other amount due under the provisions of this Lease, or because of the
breach of any other covenant herein contained on the part of Tenant to be kept
and performed, or any other action against Tenant by Landlord, or because of any
claimed breach of this Lease by Landlord or any other action against Landlord by
Tenant, (and Landlord shall be the prevailing party), Tenant shall pay to
Landlord all expenses incurred therefor, including a reasonable attorneys' fee.
In addition, Landlord and Tenant hereby waive trial by jury in any action,
proceeding or counterclaim brought by Landlord or Tenant against the other on
any matter whatsoever arising out of or in any way connected with this Lease,
the relationship of Landlord to Tenant, the use or occupancy of the Premises by
Tenant or any person claiming through or under Tenant, any claim of injury or
damage, and any emergency or other statutory remedies; provided, however, the
foregoing waiver shall not apply to any action for personal injury or property
damage.

         18.06 Landlord and Tenant shall each use reasonable efforts to mitigate
any damages resulting from a default of the other party under this Lease.
Landlord's obligation to mitigate damages after a default by Tenant under this
Lease shall be satisfied in full if Landlord undertakes to lease the Premises to
another tenant (the "Substitute Tenant") in accordance with the following
criteria:

                  (i) Landlord shall have no obligation to solicit or entertain
negotiations with any other prospective Substitute Tenant for the Premises until
Landlord obtains full and complete possession of the Premises, including,
without limitation, the absolute right to relet the Premises free of any claim
of Tenant.

                  (ii) Landlord may give priority to lease any or all available
space(s) in the Project before offering the Premises to a Substitute Tenant.

                  (iii) Landlord shall not be obligated to lease the Premises to
a Substitute Tenant for a rental less than the current fair market rental then
prevailing for similar space in comparable properties in the same sub-market as
the Building, nor shall Landlord be obligated to enter into a lease under other
terms and conditions that are unacceptable to Landlord under Landlord's then
current leasing policies for comparable space in the Building.

                  (iv) Landlord shall not be obligated to enter into a lease
with any proposed Substitute Tenant whose use would:

                           A.       Disrupt the tenant mix of the Building;


                                       14
<PAGE>
                           B.       Violate any restriction, covenant, or
                                    requirement contained in the lease of
                                    another tenant of the Building or Project;

                           C.       Adversely affect the reputation of the
                                    Building or the Project; or

                           D.       Be incompatible with the tenancy or use of
                                    the Building as a first class office
                                    building.

                  (v) Landlord shall not be obligated to enter into a lease with
any proposed Substitute Tenant which does not have, in Landlord's reasonable
opinion, sufficient financial resources to lease the Premises.

                  (vi) Landlord shall not be required to expend any amount of
money to alter, remodel, or otherwise make the Premises suitable for use by a
proposed Substitute Tenant unless:

                           A.       Tenant pays any such sum to Landlord in
                                    advance of Landlord's execution of a
                                    lease with a Substitute Tenant (which
                                    payment shall not be in lieu of any
                                    damages or other sums to which Landlord
                                    may be entitled as a result of Tenant's
                                    default under this Lease); or

                           B.       Landlord, in Landlord's reasonable
                                    discretion, determines that any such
                                    expenditure is financially justified
                                    in connection with entering into a lease
                                    with such Substitute Tenant.

Upon compliance with the above criteria regarding releasing of the Premises
after a default by Tenant, Landlord shall be deemed to have fully satisfied
Landlord's obligation to mitigate damages under this Lease and under any law or
judicial ruling in effect on the date of this Lease or at the time of Tenant's
default, and Tenant waives and releases, to the fullest extent legally
permissible, any right to assert in any action by Landlord to enforce the terms
of this Lease, any defense, counterclaim, or rights of setoff or recoupment
respecting the mitigation of damages by Landlord, unless and to the extent
Landlord fails to act in accordance the requirements of this section.

                                   SECTION 19.

                      SURRENDER OF PREMISES ON TERMINATION

         19.01 At the expiration (or earlier termination) of the Term hereof,
Tenant will surrender the Premises broom clean and in as good condition and
repair as they were at the time Tenant took possession, reasonable wear and tear
and damages for insured casualty excepted, and promptly upon surrender will
deliver all keys and building security cards for the Premises to Landlord at the
place then fixed for the payment of rent. At the expiration of the Lease term,
Tenant will, at its own cost and expense, repair or pay the cost of restoration
with respect to any damage to the Premises arising from the removal of any trade
fixtures or similar items. Tenant shall have no rights of removal as to property
affixed or otherwise placed on or in the Premises by or at the expense of
Landlord, its predecessors, successors or assigns. All costs and expenses
incurred by Landlord in connection with repairing or restoring the Premises to
the condition called for herein, together with the costs, if any, of removing
any property of Tenant together with any property designated by Landlord
pursuant to Section 10.02, left on the Premises, shall be paid by Tenant on
demand. Tenant shall remove all property of Tenant and make all repairs
necessitated thereby at its own cost, as directed by Landlord. Tenant's
obligation to observe or perform this covenant shall survive the expiration or
other termination of the Term of this Lease.

                                   SECTION 20.

               PERFORMANCE BY LANDLORD OF THE COVENANTS OF TENANT

         20.01 If Tenant fails to pay any sum of money, other than Base Rent,
required to be paid hereunder or fails to perform any act on its part to be
performed hereunder, including, but not limited to, the performance of all
covenants pertaining to the condition and repair of the Premises pursuant to
Section 10 above, and if such failure shall not otherwise be cured within the
time, if any, provided herein, then upon five (5) business days notice Landlord
may (but shall not be required to), without waiving or releasing Tenant from any
of Tenant's obligations, make any such payment or perform any such other act.
All sums so paid or incurred by Landlord and all incidental costs, including,
but not limited to, the cost of repair, maintenance or restoration of the
Premises, shall be deemed additional rental and, together with interest thereon
computed at the rate set forth in Section 5 hereof from the date of payment by
Landlord until the date of repayment by Tenant to Landlord, shall be payable to
Landlord on demand. On default in such payment, Landlord shall have the same
remedies as on default in payment of rent. The rights and remedies granted to
Landlord under this Section 20 shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, all
other remedies, if any, available to Landlord under this Lease or otherwise, and
nothing contained herein shall be construed to limit such other remedies of
Landlord with respect to any matters covered herein.




                                     15
<PAGE>

                                   SECTION 21.

                      SUBORDINATION; ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES

         21.01 This Lease is subject and subordinate to all ground leases,
underlying leases, and mortgages, if any, now or hereafter made, which may now
or hereafter affect the Project and to all renewals, modifications,
consolidations, replacements and extensions of any such ground leases,
underlying leases and mortgages. This clause shall be self-operative and no
further instrument of subordination shall be necessary. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Landlord reserves the right to declare this Lease prior to the lien
of any ground lease, underlying lease, or mortgage now or hereinafter placed
upon the real property of which the Premises are a part by recording a written
notice of such priority with the register of deeds. Tenant covenants and agrees
to execute and deliver, within ten (10) days after requested by Landlord, such
further instrument or instruments subordinating this Lease (or declaring the
Lease prior and superior) to any lease or proposed lease or to the lien of any
such mortgage or mortgages as shall reasonably be desired by Landlord, any
lessor or proposed lessor, and any mortgagees or proposed mortgagees.

         21.02 In the event any proceedings are brought for foreclosure of, or
in the event of the conveyance by deed in lieu of foreclosure of, or in the
event of the exercise of the power of sale under, any mortgage made by Landlord
covering the Premises, Tenant hereby attorns to the new owner, and covenants and
agrees to execute any instrument in writing reasonably satisfactory to the new
owner, whereby Tenant attorns to such successor in interest and recognizes such
successor as Landlord under this Lease.

         21.03 Tenant, within ten (10) days after request (at any time or times)
by Landlord, will execute and deliver to Landlord an estoppel certificate, in
form reasonably acceptable to Landlord, certifying: (i) to the Commencement Date
and expiration date of the Term; (ii) that this Lease is unmodified and in full
force and effect, or is in full force and effect as modified, stating the
modifications; (iii) that Tenant does not claim that Landlord is in default in
any way, or listing any such claimed defaults and that Tenant does not claim any
rights of setoff, or listing such rights of setoff; (iv) to the amount of
monthly rent and other sums due hereunder as of the date of the certificate, the
date to which the rent has been paid in advance, and the amount of any security
deposit or prepaid rent; (v) that Tenant agrees to provide any mortgagee of
Landlord with notice of any default by Landlord hereunder and give such
mortgagee the opportunity to cure such default within sixty (60) days of such
mortgagee's receipt of notice of such default; and (vi) such other matters as
may be reasonably requested by Landlord. Any such certificate may be relied upon
by any prospective purchaser, mortgagee or lessor of the Premises or any part
thereof.

                                   SECTION 22.

                                 QUIET ENJOYMENT

         22.01 Landlord agrees that at all times when no Event of Default exists
under this Lease, Tenant's quiet and peaceable enjoyment of the Premises, in
accordance with and subject to the terms of this Lease, will not be disturbed or
interfered with by Landlord or any person claiming by, through, or under
Landlord.
                                   SECTION 23.

                                  HOLDING OVER

         23.01 If Tenant remains in possession of the Premises after the
expiration of this Lease without executing a new lease, Landlord shall have the
right to deem Tenant to be occupying the Premises as a tenant from month to
month and the Base Rent for each month will be one hundred fifty percent (150%)
of the greater of: (a) the regular monthly installment of Base Rent payable for
the last month of the Term of this Lease; or (b) the then prevailing market
rates of rent for the Project determined by Landlord in its sole and absolute
discretion. This provision shall not preclude Landlord from terminating the
lease or recovering any and all damages Landlord may incur as a result of
Tenant's failure to timely deliver possession of the Premises to Landlord or
from exercising any other right or remedy it may have hereunder.

                                   SECTION 24.

                         REMEDIES NOT EXCLUSIVE; WAIVER

         24.01 Each and every of the rights, remedies and benefits of Landlord
provided by this Lease are cumulative, and are not exclusive of any other of
said rights, remedies and benefits, or of any other rights, remedies and
benefits allowed by law.



                                       16

<PAGE>

         24.02 The failure of Landlord to seek redress for violation of, or to
insist upon the strict performance of, any covenant or condition of this Lease
or of any of the rules or regulations set forth or hereafter adopted by
Landlord, shall not prevent a subsequent act which would have originally
constituted a violation from having all the force and effect of an original
violation. The receipt by Landlord of rent with knowledge of the breach of any
covenant of this Lease shall not be deemed a waiver of such breach and no
provision of this Lease shall be deemed to have been waived by Landlord unless
such waiver be in writing signed by Landlord. One or more waivers of any
covenant or condition by either party shall not be construed as a waiver of a
further or subsequent breach of the same covenant or condition, and the consent
or approval by Landlord to or of any act by Tenant requiring Landlord's consent
or approval will not be deemed to waive or render unnecessary Landlord's consent
or approval to or of any subsequent similar act by Tenant. No payment by Tenant
or receipt by Landlord of a lesser amount than the monthly rental herein
stipulated shall be deemed to be other than on account of the earliest
stipulated rent, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check or any
letter accompanying any check or payment as rent be deemed an accord and
satisfaction, and Landlord shall accept such check or payment without prejudice
to Landlord's right to recover the balance of such rent or pursue any other
remedy provided in this Lease.

                                   SECTION 25.

                              WAIVER OF SUBROGATION

         25.01 Landlord and Tenant hereby release each other and their
respective agents and employees from any and all liability to each other or
anyone claiming through or under them by way of subrogation or otherwise for any
loss or damage to property caused by or resulting from risks insured against
under the property insurance for loss, damage or destruction by fire or other
casualty carried by the parties hereto and which was in force at the time of any
such loss or damage or which would have been so covered had the insurance
required hereunder been maintained; provided, however, that this release shall
be applicable only with respect to loss or damage occurring during such time as
the releasor's policies of insurance contain a clause or endorsement to the
effect that any such release shall not adversely affect or impair such policies
or prejudice the right of the releasor to recover thereunder. Landlord and
Tenant each agrees that it will require its property insurance carriers to
include in its policy such a clause or endorsement. However, if such endorsement
cannot be obtained, or shall be obtainable only by the payment of an additional
premium charge above that which is charged by companies carrying such insurance
without such waiver of subrogation, then the party undertaking to obtain such
waiver shall notify the other party of such fact and such other party shall have
a period of ten (10) days after the giving of such notice to agree in writing to
pay such additional premium if such policy is obtainable at additional cost (in
the case of Tenant, pro rate in proportion of Tenant's rentable area to the
total rentable area covered by such insurance); and if such other party does not
so agree or the waiver shall not be obtainable, then the provisions of this
Section 25.01 shall be null and void as to the risks covered by such policy for
so long as either such waiver cannot be obtained or the party in whose favor a
waiver of subrogation is desired shall refuse to pay the additional premium. If
the release of either Landlord or Tenant, as set forth in the second sentence of
this Section 25.01, shall contravene any law with respect to exculpatory
agreements, the liability of the party in question shall be deemed not released,
but no action or rights shall be sought or enforced against such party unless
and until all rights and remedies against the other's insurer are exhausted and
the other party shall be unable to collect such insurance proceeds. The waiver
of subrogation referred to above shall extend to the agents and employees of
each party (including, as to Landlord, the Manager), but only if and to the
extent that such waiver can be obtained without additional charge (unless such
party shall pay such charge). Nothing contained in this Section 25.01 shall be
deemed to relieve either party from any duty imposed elsewhere in this Lease to
repair, restore and rebuild.

                                   SECTION 26.

                             RIGHT TO SHOW PREMISES

         26.01 Landlord may upon reasonable advance notice except in an
emergency show the Premises to prospective tenants and brokers, and may display
signs about the Project and elsewhere advertising the availability of the
Premises. Landlord shall use reasonable efforts not to materially disrupt,
disturb or interfere with the conduct of Tenant's business during such entry.

                                   SECTION 27.

                                 INDEMNIFICATION

         27.01 Tenant, its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold
harmless Landlord and all superior lessors or superior mortgagees and its and
their respective partners, directors, officers, agents and employees from and
against any and all third-party claims arising from or in connection with: (i)
the



                                       17

<PAGE>

conduct or management of the Premises or of any business therein, or any work or
thing whatsoever done, or any condition created in or about the Premises, during
the term of this Lease; (ii) any act, omission or negligence of Tenant or any of
its subtenants or licensees or its or their partners, directors, officers,
agents, employees, invitees or contractors; (iii) any accident, injury or damage
whatever occurring in, at or upon the Premises; and (iv) any breach or default
by Tenant in the full and prompt payment and performance of Tenant's obligations
under this Lease; together with all costs, expenses and liabilities incurred or
in connection with each such claim or action or proceeding brought thereon,
including, without limitation, all attorneys' fees and expenses. If any case any
action or proceeding is brought against Landlord or any superior lessor or
superior mortgagee or its or their partners, directors, officers, agents or
employees and such claim is a claim for which Tenant is obligated to indemnify
Landlord pursuant to this Section 27, Tenant upon notice from Landlord or such
superior lessor or superior mortgagee, shall resist and defend such action or
proceeding (by counsel reasonably satisfactory to Landlord). The obligation of
Tenant under this Section 27 shall survive termination of this Lease.

         27.02 Landlord, at its expense, will defend, indemnify, save and hold
harmless Tenant, its licensees, servants, agents, employees, affiliated entities
and contractors: from and against any loss, damage, claim of damage, liability
or expense (including attorneys' fees) to or for any person or property, whether
it is based on contract, tort, negligence or otherwise, or arising directly or
indirectly out of or in connection with the condition of the Common Areas or the
other parts of the Project not leased to or occupied by others, the use or
misuse thereof by Landlord, its licensees, servants, agents, employees, or
contractors, the failure of Landlord to comply with the terms of this Lease, or
any event on or relating to the Common Areas or the other parts of the Project
not leased to or occupied by others, whatever the cause, or any litigation or
other proceeding by or against Landlord to which Tenant is made a party, other
than the intentional, willful or malicious act of Tenant which causes injury
and/or damages. The provisions of this indemnification shall survive expiration
and termination of this Lease, which is either expected or intended by Tenant
when it performed the act in question.

                                   SECTION 28.

                  DEFINITION OF LANDLORD; LANDLORD'S LIABILITY

         28.01 The term "Landlord" as used in this Lease so far as covenants,
agreements, stipulations or obligations on the part of Landlord are concerned is
limited to mean and include only the owner or owners of the Premises at the time
in question, and in the event of any transfer or transfers of the title to such
fee Landlord herein named (and in case of any subsequent transfers or
conveyances the then grantor) will automatically be freed and relieved from and
after the date of such transfer or conveyance of all personal liability for the
performance of any covenants or obligations on the part of Landlord contained in
this Lease thereafter to be performed.

         28.02 This Lease and the obligation of Tenant to pay rent hereunder and
perform all of the other covenants and agreements hereunder on the part of
Tenant to be performed shall in no way be affected, impaired or excused because
Landlord is unable to fulfill any of its obligations under this Lease or is
unable to supply or is delayed in supplying any service expressly or implied to
be supplied or is unable to make, or is delayed in making any repairs,
additions, alterations or decorations or is unable to supply or is delayed in
supplying any equipment or fixtures if Landlord is prevented or delayed from so
doing by reasons of shortages of materials, acts of God, governmental
restrictions, strike or labor troubles or any cause beyond Landlord's reasonable
control including, but not limited to, government preemption in connection with
a national emergency or by reason of any rule, order or regulation of any
department or subdivision thereof of any government agency or by reason of the
conditions of supply and demand which have been or are affected by war or other
emergency.

                                   SECTION 29.


                                       18

<PAGE>

INTENTIONALLY DELETED

                                   SECTION 30.

                              RULES AND REGULATIONS

         30.01 Tenant shall faithfully abide by and observe the rules and
regulations for the Building, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B
and made a part hereof, and, after notice thereof, all additions thereto and
modifications thereof of uniform applicability from time to time promulgated in
writing by Landlord.
                                   SECTION 31.

                              SIGNS AND ADVERTISING

         31.01 No signs, lighting, lettering, pictures, notices, advertisements,
shades, awnings or decorations will be displayed, used or installed by Tenant
except as approved in writing by Landlord. All such materials displayed in and
about the Premises will be such only as to advertise the business carried on
upon the Premises and Landlord will control the location, character and size
thereof. Tenant shall not cause or permit to be used any advertising materials
or methods which are reasonably objectionable to Landlord or to other tenants of
the Building, including without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
loudspeakers, mechanical or moving display devices, unusually bright or flashing
lights and similar devices the effect of which may be seen or heard from outside
the Premises. Tenant shall not solicit business, sell or display merchandise, or
distribute hand bills or other advertising matter in the parking area or other
Common Areas.

                                   SECTION 32.

                                     GENERAL

         32.01 If, by reason of the occurrence of unavoidable delays due to acts
of God, governmental restrictions, strikes, labor disturbances, shortages of
materials or supplies or for any other cause or event beyond Landlord's
reasonable control, Landlord is unable to furnish or is delayed in furnishing
any service required by Landlord under the provisions of this Lease, or Landlord
is unable to perform or make or is delayed in performing or making any
installations, decorations, repairs, alterations, additions, or improvements,
required to be performed or made under this Lease, or is unable to fulfill or is
delayed in fulfilling any of Landlord's other obligations under this Lease, no
such inability or delay shall constitute an actual or constructive eviction in
whole or in part, or, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, entitle
Tenant to any abatement or diminution of rental or other charges due hereunder
or otherwise relieve Tenant from any of its obligations under this Lease, or
impose any liability upon Landlord or its agents by reason of inconvenience or
annoyance to Tenant, or injury to or interruption of Tenant's business, or
otherwise.

         32.02 This Lease is being entered into and executed in the State of
Michigan, and all questions with respect to the construction of this Agreement
and the rights and liabilities of the parties shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the laws of the State of Michigan.

         32.03 Many references in this Lease to persons, entities and items have
been generalized for ease of reading. Therefore, references to a single person,
entity or item will also mean more than one person, entity or thing whenever
such usage is appropriate (for example, "Tenant" may include, if appropriate, a
group of persons acting as a single entity, or as tenants-in-common). Similarly,
pronouns of any gender should be considered interchangeable with pronouns of
other genders.





                                       19

<PAGE>

         32.04 Section headings appearing in this Lease are for convenience
only. They do not define, limit or construe the contents of any paragraphs or
clauses contained herein.

         32.05 Landlord reserves the right should it become necessary to comply
with required laws and regulations, or to assure the health, safety and welfare
of Tenant or other occupants of the building to relocate Tenant in other
comparable space in the Building upon not less than sixty (60) days prior
written notice to Tenant. Landlord shall pay the cost of moving Tenant to new
space. If Tenant does not wish to accept such relocation, Tenant may object
thereto by written notice to Landlord within ten (10) days after the notice from
Landlord. In the event Tenant fails to object within such ten (10) day period,
Tenant shall be deemed to have accepted the relocation. In the event Tenant so
objects, Landlord may rescind the notice of intention to relocate Tenant or may
reaffirm said intention, in which event Tenant may terminate this Lease by
written notice to Landlord within five (5) days after the affirmation notice
from Landlord. In the event Tenant fails to notify Landlord of its termination
within such five (5) day period, it shall be deemed to have accepted the
relocation. If Tenant terminates this Lease pursuant this paragraph, Tenant must
vacate the Premises within thirty (30) days following Tenant's notice to
Landlord of termination.

         32.06 The covenants, conditions and agreements contained in this Lease
shall bind and inure to the benefit of Landlord and Tenant and their respective
heirs, distributees, successors, administrators and executors provided, however,
that no assignment by, from, through, or under Tenant in violation of any of the
provisions hereof shall vest in the assigns any right, title, or interest
whatsoever. All provisions of this Lease are and will be binding on the
successors and permitted assigns of Landlord and Tenant.

         32.07 Time shall be and is of the essence in this Lease and with
respect to the performance of all obligations of Landlord and Tenant hereunder.

         32.08 Any services which Landlord is required to furnish pursuant to
the provisions of this Lease may, at Landlord's option, be furnished from time
to time, in whole or in part, by employees of Landlord or by the managing agent
of the Project or by one or more third persons.

         32.09 INTENTIONALLY DELETED.

         32.10 Neither Landlord nor Landlord's agents have made any
representations or promises with respect to the physical condition of the
Building, the Land or the Premises, or with respect to the rents, leases,
expenses of operation or any other matter or thing affecting or related to the
Premises except as expressly set forth herein; and no rights, easements or
licenses are acquired by Tenant by implication or otherwise except as expressly
set forth in the provisions of this Lease.

         32.11 Annually and at any other time, Tenant shall promptly furnish
Landlord their most recent audited financial statements or quarterly updates
reflecting Tenant's current financial condition. All such financial statements
shall be in such form and contain such detail as Landlord shall reasonably
request.

         32.12 In case any provision of this Lease or any agreement or
instrument executed in connection herewith shall be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, such provision shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the
remaining provisions hereof and thereof shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby. This Lease shall not be construed more strictly against one
party than against the other, merely by virtue of the fact that it may have been
prepared by counsel for one of the parties, it being recognized that both
Landlord and Tenant have contributed substantially and materially to the
preparation of this Lease.

         32.13 This Lease can be modified or amended only by a written agreement
signed by Landlord and Tenant. This Lease and the Exhibits attached hereto and
forming a part hereof set forth all of the covenants, agreements, stipulations,
promises, conditions and understandings between Landlord and Tenant concerning
the Premises, and there are no covenants, agreements, stipulations, promises,
conditions or understanding, either oral or written, between them other than set
forth herein or therein.

         32.14 Tenant will not record this Lease or a memorandum hereof, and
will not otherwise disclose the terms of this Lease to anyone other than its
attorneys, accountants or employees who need to know of its contents in order to
perform their duties for Tenant. Any other disclosure will be an Event of
Default under the Lease. Tenant agrees that Landlord shall have the right to
publish a "tombstone" or other promotional description of this Lease.



                                       20

<PAGE>

         32.15 Except as disclosed in writing to Landlord, Tenant represents and
warrants to Landlord that there are no claims for brokerage commissions or
finder's fees in connection with this Lease as a result of the contracts,
contacts or actions of Tenant, and Tenant agrees to indemnify Landlord and hold
it harmless from all liabilities arising from any such claim arising from an
alleged agreement or act by Tenant (including, without limitation, the cost of
counsel fees in connection therewith); such agreement to survive the termination
of this Lease.

         32.16 The matters set forth on Exhibit D, Special Provisions, if any,
are hereby accepted and agreed to between Landlord and Tenant and incorporated
herein by reference.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF Landlord and Tenant have executed this Lease as of
the date and year first above written.

<TABLE>
<S>                                                    <C>
LANDLORD:                                              TENANT:
AMERICAN CENTER LLC, a Michigan Limited                SUN COMMUNITIES OPERATING LIMITED
Liability Company                                      PARTNERSHIP, a Michigan Limited Partnership

BY:  SOUTHFIELD OFFICE MANAGER, INC.


By:  /s/ Paul A. Stodulski                             By:   /s/  Jeffrey P. Jorissen
   -----------------------------------------              --------------------------------------------------

Printed::  Paul A. Stodulski                           Printed:  Jeffrey P. Jorissen
         -----------------------------------                    --------------------------------------------

Its:  Secretary                                        Its:  Chief Financial Officer of its General Partner,
    ----------------------------------------                 Sun Communities, Inc.
                                                             -----------------------------------------------
</TABLE>



                                       21

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.62
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>k74386exv10w62.txt
<DESCRIPTION>TERM LOAN AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.62

                               TERM LOAN AGREEMENT

         This Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2002, is among SUN
FINANCIAL, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, SUN FINANCIAL TEXAS
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a Michigan limited partnership, SUN COMMUNITIES OPERATING
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a Michigan limited partnership, SUN COMMUNITIES, INC., a
Maryland corporation, the Lenders and LEHMAN COMMERCIAL PAPER INC., a New York
corporation, as Lender and as Agent and the Lenders that are signatories hereto.
The parties hereto agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I
                                   DEFINITIONS

         As used in this Agreement:

         "Adjusted Eurodollar Base Rate" means, with respect to a Eurodollar
Advance for the relevant Interest Period, the quotient of (i) the Eurodollar
Base Rate applicable to such Interest Period divided by (ii) one minus the
Reserve Requirement applicable to such Interest Period (expressed as a decimal).

         "Advance" means a borrowing hereunder (i) made by the Lenders on the
same Borrowing Date, or (ii) converted or continued by the Lenders on the same
date of conversion or continuation, consisting, in either case, of the aggregate
amount of the Advances and, in the case of a Eurodollar Loan, for the same
Interest Period.

         "Affiliate" of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly
controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person. A Person
shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person owns 10% or
more of any class of voting securities (or other ownership interests) of the
controlled Person or possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person,
whether through ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise.

         "Agent" means Lehman Commercial Paper Inc. in its capacity as
contractual representative of the Lenders pursuant to Article X, and not in its
individual capacity as a Lender, and any successor Agent appointed pursuant to
Article X.

         "Aggregate Commitment" means $48,000,000.00 as reduced from time to
time pursuant to the terms hereof.

         "Agreement" means this term loan agreement, as it may be amended or
modified and in effect from time to time.

         "Agreement Accounting Principles" means generally accepted accounting
principles as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with
that used in preparing the financial statements referred to in Section 5.4.

         "Applicable Laws" means all existing and future federal, state and
local laws, statutes, orders, ordinances, rules, and regulations or orders,
writs, injunctions or decrees of any court


<PAGE>

affecting the Borrower, the Partnership, the REIT, or any Mortgaged Property, or
the use thereof including, but not limited to, all zoning, fire safety and
building codes, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and all Environmental Laws.

         "Applicable Margin" means, with respect to Advances of any Type at any
time, the percentage rate per annum determined by reference to the lower of the
two Unsecured Debt Ratings of the Partnership (i.e., higher pricing) set forth
below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------- --------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------
  STANDARD & POOR'S      MOODY'S INVESTORS
   RATINGS SERVICES        SERVICES, INC.      APPLICABLE MARGIN FOR    APPLICABLE MARGIN FOR
     RATING OR A            RATING OR A       EURODOLLAR LOANS FROM     EURODOLLAR LOAN FROM
  SUBSTITUTE RATING      SUBSTITUTE RATING    THE DATE HEREOF THROUGH      JANUARY 11, 2003       APPLICABLE MARGIN
  AGENCY EQUIVALENT      AGENCY EQUIVALENT     AND INCLUDING JANUARY    THROUGH AND INCLUDING    FOR FLOATING RATE
        RATING                 RATING                 10, 2003            THE MATURITY DATE             LOANS
- ----------------------- --------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------- ----------------------
<S>                     <C>                   <C>                       <C>                     <C>
     A- or higher           A3 or higher               1.00%                    1.50%             In all cases the
         BBB+                   Baa1                   1.10%                    1.60%              Applicable Margin
         BBB                    Baa2                   1.20%                    1.70%            for Eurodollar Loans
         BBB-                   Baa3                   1.40%                    1.90%                 minus 1.00%
     BB+ or lower           Ba1 or lower               1.95%                    2.45%
If no Rating Agency or Substitute Rating
Agency assigns a rating to the Borrower for
whatever reason                                        1.95%                    2.45%
</TABLE>

         The Applicable Margin for each Eurodollar Advance shall be determined
by reference to the lower of the two Unsecured Debt Ratings of Borrower in
effect on the first day of the related Interest Period. The Applicable Margin
for each Floating Rate Advance shall be determined by reference to the lower of
the two Unsecured Debt Ratings of the Borrower in effect from time to time, and
each change in such Applicable Margin shall be effective as of the date such
Unsecured Debt Rating is announced.


         "Article" means an article of this Agreement unless another document is
specifically referenced.

         "Assets" of any Person means all assets of such Person that would, in
accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles, be classified as assets of a
company conducting a business the same as or similar to that of such Person,
including without limitation, all Real Property Assets.

         "Base Rate" for any day, a rate per annum (rounded upwards, if
necessary, to the next 1/16 of 1%) equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate
in effect on such day and (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such
day plus 1/2 of 1%. For purposes hereof, "Prime Rate" shall mean the prime
lending rate as set forth on the British Banking Association Telerate page 5 or
such other comparable page as may, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent,
replace such page for the purpose of displaying such rate), as in effect from
time to time.

         "Authorized Officer" means any of the President or Chief Financial
Officer of the REIT, acting singly.

                                       2
<PAGE>

         "Borrower" or "Borrowers" means Sun Financial and Sun LP, together or
individually as the context may require.

         "Borrowing Date" means a date on which an Advance is made hereunder.

         "Borrowing Notice" is defined in Section 2.2.3.

         "Business Day" means (i) with respect to any borrowing, payment or rate
selection of Eurodollar Advances, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on
which banks generally are open in New York City for the conduct of substantially
all of their commercial lending activities, interbank wire transfers can be made
on the Fedwire system and dealings in United States dollars are carried on in
the London interbank market and (ii) for all other purposes, a day (other than a
Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are open in New York City for the
conduct of substantially all of their commercial lending activities and
interbank wire transfers can be made on the Fedwire system.

         "Closing Date" means the date of this Agreement.

         "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to
time, and any successor statute, together with all rules and regulations from
time to time promulgated thereunder.

         "Collateral Assignment" means those certain collateral assignments of
mortgages/deeds of trust each dated the date hereof given by Borrowers to Lender
and intended to be recorded in the appropriate real estate records, which
collaterally assign Borrowers' interest in the Pledged Assets to Lender.

         "Collateral Default" has the meaning provided in the Security
Agreement.

         "Collateral Event of Default" has the meaning provided in the Security
Agreement.

         "Commitment" means, for each Lender, the obligation of such Lender to
make its Pro Rata Share of Advances to the Borrower in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the Loan Amount.

         "Control" means in (i) in the case of a corporation, ownership,
directly or through ownership of other entities, of at least ten percent (10%)
of all the voting stock (exclusive of stock which is voting only as required by
applicable law or in the event of nonpayment of dividends and pays dividends
only on a nonparticipating basis at a fixed or floating rate), and (ii) in the
case of any other entity, ownership, directly or through ownership of other
entities, of at least ten percent (10%) of all of the beneficial equity
interests therein (calculated by a method that excludes from equity interests,
ownership interests that are nonvoting (except as required by applicable law or
in the event of nonpayment of dividends or distributions) and pay dividends or
distributions only on a non-participating basis at a fixed or floating rate) or,
in any case, (iii) the power directly or indirectly, to direct or control, or
cause the direction of, the management policies of another Person, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, general partnership interests,
common directors, trustees, officers by contract or otherwise. The terms




                                       3
<PAGE>

"controlled" and "controlling" shall have meanings correlative to the foregoing
definition of "Control."

         "Controlled Group" means all members of a controlled group of
corporations or other business entities and all trades or businesses (whether or
not incorporated) under common control which, together with the Borrower, the
Partnership, the REIT or any of its Subsidiaries, are treated as a single
employer under Section 414 of the Code.

         "Conversion/Continuation Notice" is defined in Section 2.2.4.

         "Default" means an event described in Article VII.

         "Determination Date" means the date that is two Business Days prior to
the first day of each Interest Period.

         "Distribution" means any dividends (other than a dividend payable
solely in common stock), distributions, return of capital to any stockholders,
general or limited partners or members, other payments, distributions or
delivery of property or cash to stockholders, general or limited partners or
members, or any redemption, retirement, purchase or other acquisition, directly
or indirectly, of any shares of any class of capital stock now or hereafter
outstanding (or any options or warrants issued with respect to capital stock)
general or limited partnership interest, or the setting aside of any funds for
the foregoing.

         "Dollars" and the symbol "$" each mean the lawful money of the United
States of America.

         "Environmental Indemnity" means that certain environmental indemnity
agreement dated the date hereof given by the Partnership and the REIT to the
Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, as the same may be supplemented or amended
from time to time.

         "Environmental Laws" has the meaning set forth in the Environmental
Indemnity.

         "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended from time to time, and any rule or regulation issued thereunder.

         "Eurodollar Advance" means an Advance which bears interest at a
Eurodollar Rate as requested by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2.

         "Eurodollar Base Rate" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Advance for
the relevant Interest Period, the quoted offered rate for one, two or three
month, as applicable, United States dollar deposits with leading banks in the
London interbank market that appears as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the
related Determination Date on the display page designated as Telerate Page 3750.

                  If, as of such time on any Determination Date, no quotation is
given on Telerate Page 3750, then the Agent shall establish the Eurodollar Base
Rate on set forth herein to provide the quotation offered by its principal
London office for making one, two or three month, as applicable, United



                                       4
<PAGE>
States dollar deposits with leading banks in the London interbank market as of
11:00 a.m., London time, on such Determination Date.

         (i) If two or more Reference Banks provide such offered quotations,
then the Eurodollar Base Rate for the next Interest Period shall be the
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations (rounded upward if necessary to the
nearest whole multiple of 1/1,000%).

         (ii) If only one or none of the Reference Banks provides such offered
quotations, then the Eurodollar Base Rate for the next Interest Period shall be
the Reserve Rate.

         (iii) If on any Determination Date, Lender is required but is unable to
determine the Eurodollar Base Rate in the manner provided in paragraphs (i) and
(ii) above, the Eurodollar Base Rate for the next Interest Period shall be the
Eurodollar Base Rate as determined on the preceding Determination Date.

                  The establishment of the Eurodollar Base Rate on each
Determination Date by the Lender shall be final and binding.

         "Eurodollar Loan" means the portion or portions of the Loan which bears
interest at a Eurodollar Rate.

         "Eurodollar Rate" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Advance for each
Interest Period, a rate per annum equal to the sum of (i) the Eurodollar Base
Rate (or, if any Lender is subject to Reserve Requirements, the Adjusted
Eurodollar Base Rate) applicable to such Interest Period (expressed as a
decimal) plus (ii) the Applicable Margin.

         "Excluded Taxes" means, in the case of each Lender or applicable
Lending Installation and the Agent, taxes imposed on its overall net income, and
franchise taxes imposed on it, by (i) the jurisdiction under the laws of which
such Lender or the Agent is incorporated or organized or (ii) the jurisdiction
in which the Agent's or such Lender's principal executive office or such
Lender's applicable Lending Installation is located.

         "Exhibit" refers to an exhibit to this Agreement, unless another
document is specifically referenced.

         "Existing Line of Credit" means that certain Credit Agreement dated
July 3, 2002 between the Partnership, the REIT and Bank One, N.A. and other
Lenders that are signatories thereto, as amended by that certain First Amendment
dated September 30, 2002 as the same may be amended from time to time, a copy of
which is attached hereto as Schedule I.

         "Federal Funds Effective Rate" means, for any day, an interest rate per
annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds
transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal
funds brokers on such day, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a
Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a
Business Day, the average of the quotations at approximately 10:00 a.m. (New
York City) on such day on such transactions received by the Agent from three
Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Agent in its sole
discretion.



                                       5
<PAGE>

         "Floating Rate" means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to (i) the
Base Rate for such day plus (ii) the Applicable Margin, in each case changing
when and as the Base Rate changes.

         "Floating Rate Advance" means an Advance which, except as otherwise
provided in Section 2.9, bears interest at the Floating Rate.

         "Floating Rate Loan" means the portion of the Loan which, except as
otherwise provided in Section 2.9, bears interest at the Floating Rate.

         "Fund" means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will
be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial
loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business.

         "Guarantors" means the REIT and the Partnership.

         "Guaranty" means that certain Guaranty dated the date hereof made by
the REIT and the Partnership in favor of Agent for the ratable benefit of the
Lenders, as it may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time.

         "Initial Advance" is defined in Section 2.1.1.

         "Intercreditor Agreements" shall mean those certain Intercreditor
Agreements between Borrowers and the Subordinate Mortgagees as more fully
described on Schedule II.

          "Interest Period" means with respect to a Eurodollar Advance, a period
of one, two, or three months commencing on the date of an Advance. Such Interest
Period shall end on the day which corresponds numerically to such date one, two,
or three months (as applicable) thereafter, provided, however, that if there is
no such numerically corresponding day in such next, second, or third, succeeding
month (as applicable), such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day
of such next, second, or third, succeeding month (as applicable). If an Interest
Period would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, such Interest
Period shall end on the next succeeding Business Day, provided, however, that if
said next succeeding Business Day falls in a new calendar month, such Interest
Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day. If requested by the
Borrower and agreed to by all Lenders in their sole discretion, a Eurodollar
Interest Period may be a period of less than one month.

         "Lenders" means Lehman Commercial Paper Inc. the lending institutions
listed on the signature pages of this Agreement, if any, any New Lender, and
their respective successors and assigns.

         "Lending Installation" means, with respect to a Lender or the Agent,
the office, branch, subsidiary or affiliate of such Lender or the Agent listed
on the signature pages hereof or on a Schedule or otherwise selected by such
Lender or the Agent pursuant to Section 2.15.

         "Lien" means any lien (statutory or other), mortgage, pledge,
hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance or preference,
priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or
nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, the



                                       6
<PAGE>

interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale, or other title
retention agreement), or any encumbrance, easement, or similar restriction or
covenant.

         "Line of Credit Agent" shall mean the agent under the Existing Line of
Credit

         "Loan" means, the aggregate Advances made to Borrower pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement.

         "Loan Amount" means the maximum principal amount of $48,000,000.00.

         "Loan Documents" means this Agreement, the Note, the Guaranty, the
Environmental Indemnity, the Security Agreement, the Collateral Assignment, the
UCC Financing Statements, and any other documents or instruments evidencing,
securing or guaranteeing the Loan.

         "Material Adverse Effect" means any condition which causes or continues
the occurrence of a Default or has a material adverse effect upon (i) the
business, operations, properties, assets, prospects, corporate structure or
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrowers, the Partnership, or the
REIT, taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of the Borrowers, the Partnership, or
the REIT to perform any of the Obligations, or (iii) the validity or
enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the
Agent, or the Lenders thereunder.

         "Maturity Date" means March 10, 2003, or such other date on which the
final payment of the principal of the Note becomes due and payable as therein or
herein provided, whether at such stated maturity date, by declaration of
acceleration, or otherwise

         "Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

         "Mortgaged Properties" means the real property set forth on Schedule
III hereto, which are subject to the Liens of the Pledged Assets.

         "Mortgagors" means those entities set forth on Schedule IV hereto that
own the fee interest in the Mortgaged Properties, and their successors and
assigns.

         "New Lender" means a Person, approved by the Agent, that becomes a
Lender hereunder pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.5.4.

         "Non-U.S. Lender" is defined in Section 3.5(iv).

         "Note" means that certain note dated the date hereof in the principal
amount of $48,000,000.00 or so much thereof as may be advanced pursuant to this
Agreement and any notes issued at the request of a Lender pursuant to Section
2.11 to evidence its Pro Rata share of the Loan.

         "Obligations" means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid
interest on the Loans, obligations to fund required reserves, all accrued and
unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations
of the Borrower to the Lenders or to any Lender, the Agent, or any indemnified
party arising under the Loan Documents.



                                       7
<PAGE>

         "Other Assets" means all Assets of a Person that are not Real Property
Assets.

         "Other Taxes" is defined in Section 3.5(ii).

         "Outstanding Credit Exposure" means, as to any Lender at any time, such
Lender's Pro Rata Share of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the
Loan.

         "Participants" is defined in Section 12.2.1.

         "Payment Date" means the first day of each calendar month.

         "Permitted Liens" is defined in Section 6.25.

         "Person" means any natural person, corporation, firm, joint venture,
partnership, limited liability company, association, enterprise, trust or other
entity or organization, or any government or political subdivision or any
agency, department or instrumentality thereof.

         "Pledged Assets" means those certain mortgage loans set forth on
Schedule V hereto.

         "Pledged Asset Documents" means all of (i) the Pledged Notes, (ii) the
Pledged Mortgages and (iii) the related loan documents in connection with the
Pledged Assets, the Mortgagors and the Mortgaged Properties as more particularly
set forth on Schedule VI hereto and as described in the Security Agreement.

         "Pledged Mortgages" shall mean the senior mortgages that have been
pledged to Agent and are more fully described on Schedule VII.

         "Pledged Notes" shall mean those certain promissory notes that have
been pledged to Agent and are more fully described in Schedule VIII.

         "Pro Rata Share" means, with respect to a Lender, a portion equal to a
fraction the numerator of which is such Lender's Commitment and the denominator
of which is the Aggregate Commitment.

         "Purchase Option" means that certain purchase option held by Sun/Forest
LLC with respect to the Mortgaged Properties in accordance with that certain
Operating Agreement of Sunchamp LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, dated
October 8, 1999, as amended by Amendment effective October 8, 1999.

         "Purchasers" is defined in Section 12.3.1.

         "Rating Agencies" means both Standard & Poor's Ratings Services and
Moody's Investor Service, Inc. If either of such agencies discontinues its
rating of the Borrower or its ratings of real estate investment trusts
generally, the Agent and the Required Lenders shall, within six (6) months of
such discontinuance, determine another nationally recognized statistical ratings
agency that assigns a rating to the Partnership (a "Substitute Rating Agency"),
and the term Rating Agencies shall include such Substitute Rating Agency. During
any time that only



                                       8
<PAGE>

one Rating Agency is assigning a rating to the Partnership, that Rating Agency's
rating shall be used for all calculations under this Agreement.

         "Regulation D" means Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor thereto
or other regulation or official interpretation of said Board of Governors
relating to reserve requirements applicable to member banks of the Federal
Reserve System.

         "Regulation U" means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor or other
regulation or official interpretation of said Board of Governors relating to the
extension of credit by banks for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin
stocks applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System.

         "REIT" means Sun Communities, Inc., a Maryland corporation.

         "Required Lenders" means Lenders in the aggregate having at least
66-2/3% of the Aggregate Commitment or, if the Aggregate Commitment has been
terminated, Lenders in the aggregate holding at least 66-2/3% of the aggregate
unpaid principal amount of the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is only one Lender, Required Lenders
shall mean that Lender.

         "Reserve Rate" means the rate per annum which Agent determines to be
either (i) the arithmetic mean (rounded upwards if necessary to the nearest
whole multiple of 1/1,000%) of the one, two or three month United States dollar
lending rates that at least three major New York City banks selected by Lender
are quoting, at 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on the relevant Determination Date,
to the principal London offices of at least two of the Reference Banks, or (ii)
in the event that at least two such rates are not obtained, the lowest one-month
United States dollar lending rate which New York City banks selected by Lender
are quoting as of 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on such Determination Date to
leading European banks.

         "Reserve Requirement" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the
maximum aggregate reserve requirement (including all basic, supplemental,
marginal and other reserves) which is imposed under Regulation D on Eurocurrency
liabilities.

         "Schedule" refers to a specific schedule to this Agreement, unless
another document is specifically referenced.

         "Second Advance" is defined in Section 2.1.1.

         "Section" means a numbered section of this Agreement, unless another
document is specifically referenced.

         "Security Agreement" means those certain pledge and security agreements
each dated the date hereof between Borrowers, Agent and Lenders in the aggregate
principal amount of $48,000,000.00 pursuant to which Borrower has pledged to
Lender and granted Lender a security interest in the Pledged Assets.



                                       9
<PAGE>

         "Subordinate Mortgagees" shall mean Sun Communities Texas Mezzanine
Lender Limited Partnership and Sun Communities Mezzanine Lender, the holders of
the Subordinate Mortgages.

          "Subordinate Mortgages" shall mean those subordinate mortgages
encumbering the Mortgaged Properties as more specifically described on Schedule
IX.

         "Subsidiary" of a Person means (i) any corporation more than 50% of the
outstanding securities having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time
be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more
of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries, or
(ii) any partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or
similar business organization more than 50% of the ownership interests having
ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled.
Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein to a "Subsidiary"
shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower.

         "Substitute Rating Agency" is defined in the definition of "Rating
Agencies."

         "Sun Financial" means Sun Financial, LLC, a Michigan limited liability
company.

         "Sun LP" means Sun Financial Texas Limited Partnership, a Michigan
limited partnership.

         "Taxes" means any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies,
imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and any and all liabilities with
respect to the foregoing, but excluding Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes.

         "Title Policies" shall mean the lender's title insurance policies
insuring the Liens of the Pledged Mortgages on the Mortgaged Properties.

          "Transfer Documents" means the various assignment documents, allonges
and related documents set forth on Schedule X with respect to the transfer of
the Pledged Assets and the Pledged Asset Documents to Lender.

         "Transferee" is defined in Section 12.4.

         "Type" means a Eurodollar Advance or a Floating Rate Advance.

         "UCC" or "Uniform Commercial Code" means the Uniform Commercial Code as
in effect in the State in which each Borrower is organized and has where each
Property is located.

         "UCC Financing Statements" means UCC-l financing statements signed by
Borrower, as debtor, naming Agent, as secured party, and filed in the
appropriate offices of the jurisdictions where each Borrower is organized (each,
a "UCC Financing Statement").

         "UCC Searches" is defined in Section 4.2.8.



                                       10
<PAGE>

         "Unmatured Default" means an event which but for the lapse of time or
the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a Default.

         "Unsecured Debt Rating" means with respect to a Person, the rating
assigned by the Rating Agencies to such Person's long term unsecured debt
obligations.

         The foregoing definitions shall be equally applicable to both the
singular and plural forms of the defined terms.

                                   ARTICLE II
                                  THE TERM LOAN

         2.1. The Loan.

                  2.1.1. Advances. (i) Subject to and upon the terms and
         conditions herein set forth each Lender severally agrees, in accordance
         with the terms of this Agreement to make its Pro Rata Share of the
         initial Advance of $18,000,000.00 (the "Initial Advance") on or before
         October 15, 2002 and, thereafter, but prior to November 1, 2002 (the
         "Second Funding Date"), to make its Pro Rata Share of the second
         Advance not to exceed $30,000,000.00 (the "Second Advance") to
         Borrowers, which Advances shall not exceed, in the aggregate principal
         amount at any time outstanding, the Loan Amount.

                           (ii) Advances that have been prepaid pursuant to the
                  provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation,
                  Section 2.7 may not be re-borrowed. All outstanding Advances
                  shall mature on the Maturity Date, without further action on
                  the part of Agent or any Lender.

                           (iii) Each Advance (other than an Advance on a date
                  that is not a Payment Date) shall be a Eurodollar Advance
                  (unless at the time of such Advance the Eurodollar Advances
                  are not available pursuant to Section 3.3).

                  2.1.2. Intentionally Deleted.

                  2.1.3. Intentionally Deleted.

                  2.1.4. Repayment of Facility. The aggregate outstanding
         principal balance of the Loan, together with all accrued and unpaid
         interest thereon, and all other unpaid Obligations shall be paid in
         full by the Borrowers on the Maturity Date.

         2.2. Advances.

                  2.2.1. Advances. Each Advance hereunder shall consist of Loans
         made from the several Lenders ratably according to their Pro Rata
         Shares.

                  2.2.2. Intentionally Deleted.

                  2.2.3. Method of Selecting Interest Periods for Advances. The
         Borrowers shall select the Interest Period applicable to each
         Eurodollar Advance from time to time.



                                       11
<PAGE>

         The Borrowers shall give the Agent irrevocable notice (a "Borrowing
         Notice") not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) at least three
         Business Days before the Borrowing Date for each Eurodollar Advance. A
         Borrowing Notice shall specify:

                           (i) the Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business
                  Day, of such Advance,

                           (ii) the aggregate amount of such Advance, and

                           (iii) in the case of each Eurodollar Advance, the
                  Interest Period applicable thereto (which may not end after
                  the Maturity Date).

                  2.2.4. Conversion and Continuation of Outstanding Advances.
         Each Eurodollar Advance shall continue as a Eurodollar Advance until
         the end of the then applicable Interest Period therefor, at which time
         such Eurodollar Advance shall be automatically converted into a
         Eurodollar Advance with an Interest Period of one month unless (x) such
         Eurodollar Advance is or was repaid in accordance with Section 2.7 or
         (y) the Borrowers shall have given the Agent a Conversion/Continuation
         Notice requesting that, at the end of such Interest Period, such
         Eurodollar Advance continue as a Eurodollar Advance for the same or
         another Interest Period or (z) Eurodollar Advances are not then
         available pursuant to Section 3.3, in which case it shall be
         automatically converted to a Floating Rate Advance in accordance with
         Section 3.3. Subject to the terms of Section 2.6 and 3.3, the Borrower
         may elect from time to time to convert all or any part of a Floating
         Rate Advance into a Eurodollar Advance. The Borrowers shall give the
         Agent irrevocable notice (a "Conversion/Continuation Notice") of each
         conversion of a Floating Rate Advance into a Eurodollar Advance, or
         continuation of a Eurodollar Advance, not later than 10:00 a.m. (New
         York time) at least three Business Days prior to the date of the
         requested conversion or continuation, specifying:

                           (i) the requested date, which shall be a Business
                  Day, of such conversion or continuation,

                           (ii) the aggregate amount of the Advance which is to
                  be converted or continued, and

                           (iii) the amount of such Advance(s) which is to be
                  converted or continued as a Eurodollar Advance and the
                  duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto.

         2.3. Intentionally Deleted.

         2.4. Method of Borrowing. Not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on each Borrowing Date, each Lender shall make available its Loan or Loans in
funds immediately available in New York City to the Agent at its address
specified pursuant to Article XIII. The Agent will make the funds so received
from the Lenders available to the Borrowers at the Agent's aforesaid address.

         2.5. Intentionally Deleted.



                                       12
<PAGE>

         2.6. Minimum Amount of Each Advance. Each Eurodollar Advance shall be
in the minimum amount of $1,000,000 and in multiples of $100,000 if in excess
thereof). The Borrowers shall not request a Eurodollar Advance if, after giving
effect to the requested Eurodollar Advance, more than six separate Eurodollar
Advances would be outstanding.

         2.7. Optional Principal Payments. The Borrowers may from time to time
pay, without penalty or premium, all outstanding Floating Rate Advances, or, in
a minimum aggregate amount of $500,000 or any integral multiple of $100,000
excess thereof, any portion of the outstanding Floating Rate Advances upon three
Business Days' prior notice to the Agent. The Borrowers may from time to time
pay, subject to the payment of any funding indemnification amounts required by
Section 3.4 but without penalty or premium, all outstanding Eurodollar Advances
or, in a minimum aggregate amount of $500,000 or any integral multiple of
$100,000 in excess thereof, any portion of the outstanding Eurodollar Advances
upon three Business Days' prior notice to the Agent.

         2.8. Changes in Interest Rate, etc. Each Floating Rate Advance shall
bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from and
including the date such Advance is made or is converted from a Eurodollar
Advance into a Floating Rate Advance pursuant to Section 3.3 to but excluding
the date it becomes due or is converted into a Eurodollar Advance pursuant to
Section 2.2.4 hereof, at a rate per annum equal to the Floating Rate for such
day. Changes in the rate of interest on that portion of any Advance maintained
as a Floating Rate Advance will take effect simultaneously with each change in
the Base Rate. Each Eurodollar Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding
principal amount thereof from and including the first day of the Interest Period
applicable thereto to (but not including) the last day of such Interest Period
at the Eurodollar Rate as applicable to such Eurodollar Advance. No Interest
Period may end after the Maturity Date.

         2.9. Rates Applicable After Default. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in Section 2.2.3, Section 2.2.4 or 2.8, during the
continuance of a Default or Unmatured Default the Required Lenders may, at their
option, by notice to the Borrowers (which notice may be revoked at the option of
the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 8.2 requiring
unanimous consent of the Lenders to changes in interest rates), declare that no
Advance may be made as, converted into or continued as a Eurodollar Advance.
During the continuance of a Default the Required Lenders may, at their option,
by notice to the Borrowers (which notice may be revoked at the option of the
Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 8.2 requiring
unanimous consent of the Lenders to changes in interest rates), declare that (i)
each Eurodollar Advance shall bear interest for the remainder of the applicable
Interest Period at the rate otherwise applicable to such Interest Period plus
four percent (4%) per annum, and (ii) each Floating Rate Advance shall bear
interest at a rate per annum equal to the Floating Rate otherwise applicable to
the Floating Rate Advance plus four percent (4%) per annum, provided that,
during the continuance of a Default under Section 7.5 or 7.6, the interest rates
set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above shall be applicable to all Advances
without any election or action on the part of the Agent or any Lender.

         2.10. Method of Payment. All payments of the Obligations hereunder
shall be made, without setoff, deduction, or counterclaim, in immediately
available funds to the Agent at the Agent's address specified pursuant to
Article XIII, or at any other Lending Installation of the



                                       13
<PAGE>

Agent specified in writing by the Agent to the Borrowers, by noon (local time)
on the date when due and shall be applied ratably by the Agent among the
Lenders. Each payment delivered to the Agent for the account of any Lender shall
be delivered promptly by the Agent to such Lender in the same type of funds that
the Agent received at its address specified pursuant to Article XIII or at any
Lending Installation specified in a notice received by the Agent from such
Lender. If the Agent fails to deliver to any Lender, within one Business Day of
the Agent's receipt thereof, funds received by Agent for the account of such
Lender, the Agent shall pay to such Lender interest on such funds, at the
Federal Funds Effective Rate for each day thereafter until such funds are
delivered to such Lender.

         2.11. The Note. (a) Borrowers' obligation to pay the principal of, and
interest on, the Loan shall be evidenced by the promissory note (as amended,
modified, supplemented, extended or consolidated, the "Note") duly executed and
delivered by Borrowers substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto in a
principal amount equal to the Loan Amount, with blanks appropriately completed
in conformity herewith. The Note shall (i) be payable to the order of Agent, and
the Lenders, (ii) be dated the Closing Date, and (iii) mature on the Maturity
Date. If required by a Lender, Borrowers hereby agree to execute a supplemental
Note in the principal amount of such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the Loan Amount
substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, with blanks appropriately
completed, and such supplemental Note shall (i) be payable to order of such
Lender, (ii) be dated as of the Closing Date, and (iii) mature on the Maturity
Date. Such supplemental Note shall provide that it evidences a portion of the
existing indebtedness hereunder and not any new or additional indebtedness of
Borrowers.

                  (b) Agent is hereby authorized, at its option, (i) to endorse
on the schedule attached to each Note (or on a continuation of such schedule
attached to each such Note and made a part thereof) an appropriate notation
evidencing the date and amount of each Advance evidenced thereby and the Pro
Rata Share thereof of each Lender, and the date and amount of each principal and
interest payment in respect thereof, and/or (ii) to record such Advances and
such payments in its books and records. Such schedule or such books and records,
as the case may be, shall be conclusive and binding on Borrower absent manifest
error, provided that the failure to make any notation shall not affect the
obligations of Borrowers, or the rights of any Lender hereunder.

         2.12. Telephonic Notices. The Borrowers hereby authorize the Lenders
and the Agent to extend, convert or continue Advances, effect selections of
Types of Advances, and to transfer funds based on telephonic notices made by any
person or persons the Agent or any Lender in good faith believes to be acting on
behalf of the Borrowers, it being understood that the foregoing authorization is
specifically intended to allow Borrowing Notices, and Conversion/Continuation
Notices to be given telephonically. The Borrowers agree to deliver promptly to
the Agent a written confirmation, if such confirmation is requested by the Agent
or any Lender, of each telephonic notice signed by an Authorized Officer. If the
written confirmation differs in any material respect from the action taken by
the Agent and the Lenders, the records of the Agent and the Lenders shall govern
absent manifest error.

         2.13. Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis. Interest accrued on each
Advance shall be payable on each Payment Date, commencing with the first such
date to occur after the date hereof, on any date on which the Advance is
prepaid, whether due to acceleration or otherwise,



                                       14
<PAGE>

and at maturity. Interest and fees hereunder shall be calculated on the basis of
the actual number of days elapsed in a 360-day year. Interest shall be payable
for the day an Advance is made but not for the day of any payment on the amount
paid if payment is received prior to noon (local time) at the place of payment.
If any payment of principal of or interest on an Advance, or any payments of
fees, shall become due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment shall
be made on the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of a principal
payment, such extension of time shall be included in computing interest in
connection with such payment.

         2.14. Notification of Advances, Interest Rates and Prepayments.
Promptly after receipt thereof, the Agent will notify each Lender of the
contents of each Borrowing Notice and Conversion/Continuation Notice and
repayment notice received by it hereunder. The Agent will notify each Lender of
the interest rate applicable to each Eurodollar Advance promptly upon
determination of such interest rate and if applicable will give each Lender
prompt notice of each change in the Base Rate.

         2.15. Lending Installations. Each Lender may book its Loans at any
Lending Installation selected by such Lender, as the case may be, and may change
its Lending Installation from time to time. All terms of this Agreement shall
apply to any such Lending Installation, and the Loans, and any Notes issued
hereunder shall be deemed held by each Lender, as the case may be, for the
benefit of any such Lending Installation. Each Lender may, by written notice to
the Agent and the Borrowers in accordance with Article XIII, designate
replacement or additional Lending Installations through which Loans will be made
by it and for whose account Loan payments are to be made.

         2.16. Non-Receipt of Funds by the Agent. Unless a Borrower or a Lender,
as the case may be, notifies the Agent prior to the date on which it is
scheduled to make payment to the Agent of (i) in the case of a Lender, the
proceeds of a Loan or (ii) in the case of the Borrowers, a payment of principal,
interest or fees to the Agent for the account of the Lenders, that it does not
intend to make such payment, the Agent may assume that such payment has been
made. The Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the amount of such
payment available to the intended recipient in reliance upon such assumption. If
such Lender or a Borrower, as the case may be, has not in fact made such payment
to the Agent, the recipient of such payment shall, on demand by the Agent, repay
to the Agent the amount so made available together with interest thereon in
respect of each day during the period commencing on the date such amount was so
made available by the Agent until the date the Agent recovers such amount at a
rate per annum equal to (x) in the case of payment by a Lender, the Federal
Funds Effective Rate for such day for the first three days and, thereafter, the
interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan or (y) in the case of payment by
the Borrowers, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan.

         2.17. Joint and Several. The Borrowers shall be jointly and severally
liable for the payment and performance of all Obligations.

         2.18. Replacement of Lender. If the Borrowers are required pursuant to
Section 3.1, 3.2 or 3.5 to make any additional payment to any Lender (any Lender
so affected an "Affected Lender"), the Borrowers may elect, if such amounts
continue to be charged or such suspension is still effective, to replace such
Affected Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that no Default or
Unmatured Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such



                                       15
<PAGE>

replacement, and provided further that, concurrently with such replacement, (i)
another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to the Agent shall
agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Advances and other Obligations
due to the Affected Lender pursuant to an assignment substantially in the form
of Exhibit B and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to
assume all obligations of the Affected Lender to be terminated as of such date
and to comply with the requirements of Section 12.3 applicable to assignments,
and (ii) the Borrowers shall pay to such Affected Lender in same day funds on
the day of such replacement (A) all interest, fees and other amounts then
accrued but unpaid to such Affected Lender by the Borrowers hereunder to and
including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to
such Affected Lender under Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.5, and (B) an amount, if any,
equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such
replacement under Section 3.4 had the Loans of such Affected Lender been prepaid
on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender. At the request of the
Borrowers, the Agent will assist the Borrowers in identifying a bank or other
entity to replace an Affected Lender.

         2.19. Intentionally Deleted.

         2.20. Use of Proceeds and Limitations on Advances.

         The Borrowers shall use the proceeds of the Initial Advance for working
capital and the proceeds of the Second Advance to prepay a portion of the
Existing Line of Credit.

         2.21. Intentionally Deleted.

                                   ARTICLE III
                             YIELD PROTECTION; TAXES

         3.1. Yield Protection. If, on or after the date of this Agreement, the
adoption of any law or any governmental or quasi-governmental rule, regulation,
policy, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law), or any
change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental or
quasi-governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the
interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Lender or
applicable Lending Installation with any request or directive (whether or not
having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable
agency:

         (i)      subjects any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation to
                  any Taxes, or changes the basis of taxation of payments (other
                  than with respect to Excluded Taxes) to any Lender in respect
                  of its Eurodollar Loans, or participations therein, or

         (ii)     imposes or increases or deems applicable any reserve,
                  assessment, insurance charge, special deposit or similar
                  requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the
                  account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or any
                  applicable Lending Installation (other than reserves and
                  assessments taken into account in determining the interest
                  rate applicable to Eurodollar Advances), or

         (iii)    imposes any other condition the result of which is to increase
                  the cost to any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation
                  of making, funding or maintaining



                                       16
<PAGE>

                  its Eurodollar Loans, or reduces any amount receivable by any
                  Lender or any applicable Lending Installation in connection
                  with its Eurodollar Loans, or participations therein, or
                  requires any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation to
                  make any payment calculated by reference to the amount of
                  Eurodollar Loans, or participations therein held or interest
                  received by it, by an amount deemed material by such Lender,

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender or
applicable Lending Installation, as the case may be, of making or maintaining
its Eurodollar Loans or Commitment or to reduce the return received by such
Lender or applicable Lending Installation, as the case may be, in connection
with such Eurodollar Loans, Commitment, or participations therein, then, within
15 days of demand by such Lender, the Borrowers shall pay such Lender, such
additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, as the case may be,
for such increased cost or reduction in amount received.

         3.2. Changes in Capital Adequacy Regulations. If any Lender determines
the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Lender, any
Lending Installation of such Lender, or any corporation controlling such Lender
is increased as a result of a Change, then, within 15 days of demand by such
Lender, the Borrowers shall pay such Lender the amount necessary to compensate
for any shortfall in the rate of return on the portion of such increased capital
which such Lender determines is attributable to this Agreement, its Outstanding
Credit Exposure or its Commitment to make Loans, as the case may be, hereunder
(after taking into account such Lender's policies as to capital adequacy).
"Change" means (i) any change after the date of this Agreement in the Risk-Based
Capital Guidelines or (ii) any adoption of or change in any other law,
governmental or quasi-governmental rule, regulation, policy, guideline,
interpretation, or directive (whether or not having the force of law) after the
date of this Agreement which affects the amount of capital required or expected
to be maintained by any Lender or any Lending Installation or any corporation
controlling any Lender. "Risk-Based Capital Guidelines" means (i) the risk-based
capital guidelines in effect in the United States on the date of this Agreement,
including transition rules, and (ii) the corresponding capital regulations
promulgated by regulatory authorities outside the United States implementing the
July 1988 report of the Basle Committee on Banking Regulation and Supervisory
Practices Entitled "International Convergence of Capital Measurements and
Capital Standards," including transition rules, and any amendments to such
regulations adopted prior to the date of this Agreement.

         3.3. Availability of Types of Advances. If (a) any Lender determines
that maintenance of its Eurodollar Loans at a suitable Lending Installation
would violate any applicable law, rule, regulation, or directive, whether or not
having the force of law, or if (b) the Required Lenders determine that (i)
deposits of a type and maturity appropriate to match fund Eurodollar Ratable
Advances are not available or (ii) the interest rate applicable to Eurodollar
Advances does not accurately reflect the cost of making or maintaining
Eurodollar Advances, then the Agent shall, in the case of clause (a) above,
suspend the availability of Eurodollar Advances and require any affected


                                       17
<PAGE>
Eurodollar Advances to be repaid or converted to Floating Rate Advances, subject
to the payment of any funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3.4,
and, in the case of clause (b) above, suspend the availability of Eurodollar
Advances and require any affected Eurodollar Advances to be repaid or converted
to Floating Rate Advances, subject to payment of any funding indemnification
amounts required by Section 3.4.

         3.4.  Funding Indemnification. If any payment of a Eurodollar Advance
occurs on a date which is not the last day of the applicable Interest Period,
whether because of acceleration, prepayment or otherwise, or a Eurodollar
Advance is not made on the date specified by the Borrowers for any reason other
than default by the Lenders, the Borrowers will indemnify each Lender for any
loss or cost incurred by it resulting therefrom, including, without limitation,
any loss or cost in liquidating or employing deposits acquired to fund or
maintain such Eurodollar Advance.

         3.5.  Taxes.

         (i)   All payments by the Borrowers to or for the account of any
               Lender, or the Agent hereunder or under any Note shall be made
               free and clear of and without deduction for any and all Taxes. If
               the Borrowers shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes from
               or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to any Lender, or the
               Agent, (a) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so
               that after making all required deductions (including deductions
               applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.5)
               such Lender, or the Agent (as the case may be) receives an amount
               equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions
               been made, (b) the Borrowers shall make such deductions, (c) the
               Borrowers shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant
               authority in accordance with applicable law and (d) the Borrowers
               shall furnish to the Agent the original copy of a receipt
               evidencing payment thereof within 30 days after such payment is
               made.

         (ii)  In addition, the Borrowers hereby agree to pay any present or
               future stamp or documentary taxes and any other excise or
               property taxes, charges or similar levies which arise from any
               payment made hereunder or under any Note or from the execution or
               delivery of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any
               Note ("Other Taxes").

         (iii) The Borrowers hereby agree to indemnify the Agent, and each
               Lender for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes (including,
               without limitation, any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed on amounts
               payable under this Section 3.5) paid by the Agent, or such Lender
               and any liability (including penalties, interest and expenses)
               arising therefrom or with respect thereto. Payments due under
               this indemnification shall be made within 30 days of the date the
               Agent, or such Lender makes demand therefor pursuant to Section
               3.6.

         (iv)  Each Lender that is not incorporated under the laws of the
               United States of America or a state thereof (each a "Non-U.S.
               Lender") agrees that it will, not more than ten Business Days
               after the date of this Agreement, (a) deliver to the Agent two
               duly completed copies of United States Internal Revenue Service
               Form W-8BEN or W-8ECI, certifying in either case that such Lender
               is entitled to receive payments under this Agreement without
               deduction or withholding of any



                                       18
<PAGE>

                  United States federal income taxes, and (b) deliver to the
                  Agent a United States Internal Revenue Form W-8 or W-9, as the
                  case may be, and certify that it is entitled to an exemption
                  from United States backup withholding tax. Each Non-U.S.
                  Lender further undertakes to deliver to each of the Borrower
                  and the Agent (x) renewals or additional copies of such form
                  (or any successor form) on or before the date that such form
                  expires or becomes obsolete, and (y) after the occurrence of
                  any event requiring a change in the most recent forms so
                  delivered by it, such additional forms or amendments thereto
                  as may be reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Agent.
                  All forms or amendments described in the preceding sentence
                  shall certify that such Lender is entitled to receive payments
                  under this Agreement without deduction or withholding of any
                  United States federal income taxes, unless an event (including
                  without limitation any change in treaty, law or regulation)
                  has occurred prior to the date on which any such delivery
                  would otherwise be required which renders all such forms
                  inapplicable or which would prevent such Lender from duly
                  completing and delivering any such form or amendment with
                  respect to it and such Lender advises the Borrowers and the
                  Agent that it is not capable of receiving payments without any
                  deduction or withholding of United States federal income tax.

         (v)      For any period during which a Non-U.S. Lender has failed to
                  provide the Borrowers with an appropriate form pursuant to
                  paragraph (iv), above (unless such failure is due to a change
                  in treaty, law or regulation, or any change in the
                  interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental
                  authority, occurring subsequent to the date on which a form
                  originally was required to be provided), such Non-U.S. Lender
                  shall not be entitled to indemnification under this Section
                  3.5 with respect to Taxes imposed by the United States;
                  provided that, should a Non-U.S. Lender which is otherwise
                  exempt from or subject to a reduced rate of withholding tax
                  become subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a
                  form required under paragraph (iv), above, the Borrowers shall
                  take such steps as such Non-U.S. Lender shall reasonably
                  request to assist such Non-U.S. Lender to recover such Taxes.

         (vi)     Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction
                  of withholding tax with respect to payments under this
                  Agreement or any Note pursuant to the law of any relevant
                  jurisdiction or any treaty shall deliver to the Borrowers
                  (with a copy to the Agent), at the time or times prescribed by
                  applicable law, such properly completed and executed
                  documentation prescribed by applicable law as will permit such
                  payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate.

         (vii)    If the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or any other governmental
                  authority of the United States or any other country or any
                  political subdivision thereof asserts a claim that the Agent
                  did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the
                  account of any Lender (because the appropriate form was not
                  delivered or properly completed, because such Lender failed to
                  notify the Agent of a change in circumstances which rendered
                  its exemption from withholding ineffective, or for any other
                  reason), such Lender shall indemnify the Agent fully for all
                  amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Agent as tax,
                  withholding therefor, or



                                       19
<PAGE>

                  otherwise, including penalties and interest, and including
                  taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable to the
                  Agent under this subsection, together with all costs and
                  expenses related thereto (including attorneys fees and time
                  charges of attorneys for the Agent, which attorneys may be
                  employees of the Agent). The obligations of the Lenders under
                  this Section 3.5(vii) shall survive the payment of the
                  Obligations and termination of this Agreement.

         3.6. Lender Statements; Survival of Indemnity. To the extent reasonably
possible, each Lender shall designate an alternate Lending Installation with
respect to its Eurodollar Loans to reduce any liability of the Borrowers to such
Lender under Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.5 or to avoid the unavailability of
Eurodollar Advances under Section 3.3, so long as such designation is not, in
the judgment of such Lender, disadvantageous to such Lender. Each Lender shall
deliver a written statement of such Lender to the Borrowers (with a copy to the
Agent) as to the amount due, if any, under Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.4 or 3.5. Such
written statement shall set forth in reasonable detail the calculations upon
which such Lender determined such amount and shall be final, conclusive and
binding on the Borrowers in the absence of manifest error. Determination of
amounts payable under such Sections in connection with a Eurodollar Loan shall
be calculated as though each Lender funded its Eurodollar Loan through the
purchase of a deposit of the type and maturity corresponding to the deposit used
as a reference in determining the Eurodollar Rate, as the case may be,
applicable to such Loan, whether in fact that is the case or not. Unless
otherwise provided herein, the amount specified in the written statement of any
Lender shall be payable on demand after receipt by the Borrower of such written
statement. The obligations of the Borrowers under Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.4 and 3.5
shall survive payment of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                              CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

         4.1. Conditions Precedent to the Initial Advance. The obligation of the
Lenders to make the Initial Advance is subject to the satisfaction by the
Borrower on the Closing Date of the following conditions precedent:

                  4.1.1. Loan Documents.

                           (i) Agreement. The Borrowers, the Partnership and the
                  REIT shall have executed and delivered this Agreement to the
                  Agent.

                           (ii) The Note. The Borrowers shall have executed and
                  delivered to the Agent the Note.

                           (iii) Guaranty. The REIT and the Partnership shall
                  have executed and delivered to the Agent the Guaranty.

                           (iv) Security Agreement. Each Borrower shall have
                  executed and delivered to the Agent its respective Security
                  Agreement.

                           (v) Collateral Assignment. The Borrowers shall have
                  executed and delivered their respective Collateral Assignments
                  to Agent.



                                       20
<PAGE>

                           (vi) UCC Financing Statements. The Borrowers shall
                  have executed and delivered to the Agent the UCC Financing
                  Statements with respect to the Pledged Assets.

                           (vii) Environmental Indemnity. The Borrowers, the
                  Partnership and the REIT shall have executed and delivered to
                  the Agent the Environmental Indemnity.

                           (viii) Transfer Documents. The Borrowers shall have
                  executed and delivered to Agent the Transfer Documents.

                  4.1.2. Organizational Documents. The Agent shall have received
         (i) with respect to the REIT, the certificate of incorporation of the
         REIT, as amended, modified or supplemented to the Closing Date,
         certified to be true, correct and complete by the appropriate Secretary
         of State (or the equivalent thereof) as of a date not more than thirty
         (30) days prior to the Closing Date, together, in each case, with a
         good standing certificate from such Secretary of State (or the
         equivalent thereof) dated a date not more than thirty (30) days prior
         to the Closing Date, (ii) with respect to the Borrower that is a
         limited partnership and the Partnership, the agreement of limited
         partnership of such Person, as amended, modified or supplemented to the
         Closing Date, in the case of Sun LP, certified to be true, correct and
         complete by a general partner of such Person, together with a copy of
         the certificate of limited partnership of such Person, as amended,
         modified or supplemented to the Closing Date, certified to be true,
         correct and complete by the appropriate Secretary of State (or the
         equivalent thereof) as of a date not more than thirty (30) days prior
         to the Closing Date, and in the case of the Partnership, certified to
         be true, correct and complete by the general partner of the
         Partnership, together, in each case, with a good standing certificate
         from such Secretary of State (or the equivalent thereof) dated not more
         than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date, (iii) with respect to
         the Borrower that is a limited liability company, the certificate of
         formation or articles of organization of such Borrower, as amended,
         modified or supplemented to the Closing Date, certified to be true,
         correct and complete by the appropriate Secretary of State (or the
         equivalent thereof) as of a date not more than thirty (30) days prior
         to the Closing Date, together with a good standing certificate from the
         Secretary of State (or the equivalent thereof) of such State to be
         dated a date not more than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date.

                  4.1.3. Certified Resolutions, etc. The Agent shall have
         received (i) a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of
         the REIT dated the Closing Date, certifying (a) the names and true
         signatures of the incumbent officers of the REIT authorized to sign the
         applicable Loan Documents, (b) the by-laws of the REIT as in effect on
         the Closing Date, (c) the resolutions of the REIT's board of directors
         approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of
         all Loan Documents executed by the REIT either in its own capacity or
         as a partner or member of the Borrowers and the Partnership, and (d)
         that there have been no changes in the certificate of incorporation of
         such Person since the date of the most recent certification thereof by
         the appropriate Secretary of State and (ii) with respect to the
         Borrowers and the Partnership, comparable



                                       21
<PAGE>

         certificates evidencing appropriate approvals, consents and authority
         with respect to the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents by
         Borrower, and the Partnership.

                  4.1.4. Intentionally Deleted.

                  4.1.5. Rating Agencies. The Borrower shall have delivered
         evidence satisfactory to the Agent that the Partnership's Unsecured
         Debt Rating is BBB- or higher as assigned by Standard & Poor's Ratings
         Services and Baa3 or higher as assigned by Moody's Investor Service,
         Inc.

                  4.1.6. Financial Statements. The Agent shall have received the
         consolidated audited financial statements of the Partnership and the
         REIT for the most recently ended fiscal year of the Partnership and the
         REIT and the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the
         Partnership and the REIT for each fiscal quarter of the Partnership and
         the REIT ending since the end of such entity's most recent fiscal year.
         Such financial statements shall be reasonably acceptable to the Agent
         and all of the Lenders, and each such statement shall be certified by a
         general partner or senior executive officer of the Partnership and the
         REIT that, as of the Closing Date, there has been no material adverse
         change in the financial condition of the Partnership or the REIT since
         the date thereof.

                  4.1.7. Pledged Assets. The Agent shall have received originals
         of all of the Pledged Asset Documents.

                  4.1.8. Insurance. The Agent shall have received insurance
         certificates reasonably satisfactory to Agent showing that the
         insurance coverage required under the Pledged Asset Documents for the
         Mortgaged Properties is in full force and effect.

                  4.1.9. Opinion. The Agent shall have received an opinion of
         the Borrower's and Guarantors' counsel with respect to the due
         execution and enforceability and the Loan Documents in form and
         substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent.

                  4.1.10. Fees. The Agent shall have received the fee provided
         for in the fee letter dated October 10, 2002 among the Borrower, the
         Guarantors, the Agent and Lehman Brothers Inc.

                  4.1.11. Additional Matters. The Agent shall have received such
         other certificates, opinions, documents and instruments relating to the
         transactions under this Agreement as may have been reasonably requested
         by the Agent or any of the Lenders, and all corporate and other
         proceedings and all other documents (including, without limitation,
         evidence of zoning compliance, leases, contracts and agreements
         relating to the ownership, management, leasing and operation of the
         Unencumbered Assets and all other documents referred to herein and not
         appearing as exhibits hereto) and all legal matters in connection with
         this Agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance
         to the Agent and all of the Lenders.

         4.2. Conditions Precedent to all Advances. The Lenders will not be
required to make their Pro Rata Share of the Initial Advance or of the Second
Advance unless on the applicable Borrowing Date:



                                       22
<PAGE>

                  4.2.1. No Default. There exists no Default or Unmatured
         Default.

                  4.2.2. Representations and Warranties. The representations and
         warranties contained in Article V are true and correct as of such
         Borrowing Date except to the extent any such representation or warranty
         is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such
         representation or warranty shall have been true and correct on and as
         of such earlier date.

                  4.2.3. Legal Matters. All legal matters incident to the making
         of such Advance shall be satisfactory to the Lenders and their counsel.

                  4.2.4. No Injunction. No law or regulation shall have been
         adopted, no order, judgment or decree of any governmental authority
         shall have been issued, and no litigation shall be pending or
         threatened, which in the good faith judgment of the Agent would enjoin,
         prohibit or restrain, or impose or result in the imposition of any
         material adverse condition upon, the making of the Advance or the
         Borrower's obligation to pay (or the Agent or any Lender's rights to
         receive payment of) the Loan and the other Obligations or the
         consummation of the transactions under this Agreement.

                  4.2.5. No Material Adverse Change. No event, act or condition
         shall have occurred after the Closing Date which, in the reasonable
         judgment of the Agent, has had or would have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  4.2.6. Notice of Borrowing. The Agent shall have received a
         fully executed Borrowing Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice, as
         the case may be, in respect of the Advance to be made on such date.

                  4.2.7. No Litigation. Except for matters identified on
         Schedule XI (as the same may be amended or supplemented), no actions,
         suits or proceedings shall be pending or threatened with respect to the
         Loan or the Loan Documents, the Borrower, the Pledged Assets or the
         Mortgaged Properties that could, in the aggregate, result in a Material
         Adverse Effect, and the matters identified on Schedule XI, in the
         aggregate, do not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

                  4.2.8. Intentionally Deleted.

                  4.2.9. Intentionally Deleted.

                  4.2.10. Additional Matters. The Agent shall have received such
         other certificates, opinions, documents and instruments relating to the
         Loan as may have been reasonably requested by the Agent or any of the
         Lenders and all corporate and other proceedings and all other documents
         (including, without limitation, all documents referred to herein and
         not appearing as exhibits hereto) and all legal matters in connection
         with the Loan shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent
         and the Required Lenders.

         Each Borrowing Notice, shall constitute a representation and warranty
by the Borrower that the conditions contained in Sections 4.2.1 and 4.2.2 have
been satisfied.





                                       23

<PAGE>
         4.3. Number and Funding of Advances. The Borrower shall only have the
right to request the Initial Advance and the Second Advance. If the Borrower
requests an Advance for less than the maximum amount of the Second Advance, it
shall have no right to request the balance of the Second Advance thereafter. If
the Initial Advance and the Second Advance have not been made on or prior to the
Second Funding Date, Borrower shall have no right to request any Advances under
the Loan and the Lenders shall have no obligation to make any Advances under the
Loan.

                                    ARTICLE V
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         In order to induce the Agent and the Lenders to enter into this
Agreement and to make the Loan and the Advances hereunder, the Borrower, the
Partnership and the REIT make the following representations and warranties,
which shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Notes
and the making of each Advance:

         5.1. Existence and Standing. Each of the Borrower, the Partnership and
the REIT is a corporation, partnership or limited liability company duly and
properly incorporated or organized, as the case may be, validly existing and (to
the extent such concept applies to such entity) in good standing under the laws
of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and has all requisite
authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is
conducted.

         5.2. Authorization and Validity. Each of the Borrower, the Partnership
and the REIT has the power and authority and legal right to execute and deliver
the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations
thereunder. The execution and delivery by each of the Borrower, the Partnership
and the REIT of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the performance of
its obligations thereunder have been duly authorized by proper corporate or
other appropriate proceedings, and the Loan Documents to which each of the
Borrower, the Partnership and the REIT is a party constitute its legal, valid
and binding obligations enforceable against it in accordance with the terms
thereof, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally.

         5.3. No Conflict; Government Consent. Neither the execution and
delivery by the Borrower, the Partnership nor the REIT of the Loan Documents to
which it is a party, nor the consummation of the transactions therein
contemplated, nor compliance with the provisions thereof will violate (i) any
law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award
binding on the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT or (ii) the articles or
certificate of incorporation, partnership agreement, certificate of partnership,
articles or certificate of organization, by-laws, or operating or other
management agreement of the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT or (iii) the
provisions of any indenture, instrument or agreement to which the Borrower, the
Partnership or the REIT is a party or is subject, or by which it, or its
Property, is bound, or conflict with or constitute a default thereunder, or
result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien in, of or on the
Property of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument
or agreement. No order, consent, adjudication, approval, license, authorization,
or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, or exemption by, or
other action in respect of any governmental or public body or authority, or any
subdivision



                                       24
<PAGE>

thereof, which has not been obtained by the Borrower, the Partnership or the
REIT, is required to be obtained by the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT in
connection with the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, the borrowings
under this Agreement, the payment and performance by the Borrower of the
Obligations or the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of any
of the Loan Documents.

         5.4. Financial Statements; Financial Condition; etc. The financial
statements delivered pursuant to Section 4.1.6 were prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied and fairly present
the financial condition and the results of operations of the Borrower, the
Partnership, the REIT, the Pledged Assets and the Mortgaged Properties covered
thereby on the dates and for the periods covered thereby, except as disclosed in
the notes thereto and, with respect to interim financial statements, subject to
usual year-end adjustments. Neither the Borrower, the Partnership nor the REIT
has any material liability (contingent or otherwise) not reflected in such
financial statements or in the notes thereto. There has been no adverse change
in any condition, fact, circumstance or event that would make any such
information materially inaccurate, incomplete or otherwise misleading or would
affect the Borrower's, the Partnership's or the REIT's ability to perform its
obligations under this Agreement.

         5.5. Material Adverse Change. Since June 30, 2002 there has been no
change in the business, Property, prospects, condition (financial or otherwise)
or results of operations of the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT that could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

         5.6. Taxes. Each of the Borrowers, the Partnership and the REIT has
filed all United States federal tax returns and all other tax returns which are
required to be filed and has paid all taxes (if any) due pursuant to said
returns or pursuant to any assessment received by them, except such taxes, if
any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have
been provided in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles and as to which
no Lien exists. No tax liens have been filed and no claims are being asserted
with respect to any such taxes. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books
of the Borrower, the Partnership and the REIT in respect of any taxes or other
governmental charges are adequate.

         5.7. Litigation and Contingent Obligations. Except as set forth on
Schedule XI, there is no litigation, arbitration, governmental investigation,
proceeding or inquiry pending or, to the knowledge of any of their officers,
threatened against or affecting the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT that
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or that seeks to
prevent, enjoin or delay the making of any Advance.

         5.8. No Plan Assets. Neither Borrower is an "employee benefit plan" (as
defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Title I of ERISA, and none of the
assets of either Borrower constitutes or will constitute "plan assets" of one or
more such plans within the meaning of 29 C. F. R. Section 2510. 3-101. In
addition, (a) Neither Borrower is a "governmental plan" within the meaning of
Section 3(32) of ERISA and (b) transactions by or with Borrowers are not subject
to State statutes regulating investment of, and fiduciary obligations with
respect to, governmental plans similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA
or Section 4975 of the Code currently in effect, which prohibit or otherwise
restrict the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.



                                       25
<PAGE>

         5.9. Accuracy of Information. No information, exhibit or report
furnished by the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT to the Agent or to any
Lender in connection with the negotiation of, or compliance with, the Loan
Documents contained any material misstatement of fact or omitted to state a
material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not
misleading.

         5.10. Intentionally Deleted.

         5.11. Material Agreements. Neither the Borrower, the Partnership nor
the REIT is a party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any charter or
other corporate, partnership or other restriction which could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Borrower, the
Partnership nor the REIT is in default in the performance, observance or
fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in (i)
any agreement to which it is a party, which default could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) except as set forth on Schedule 5.11,
any agreement or instrument evidencing or governing Indebtedness; the defaults
set forth on Schedule 5.11 could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

         5.12. Compliance With Laws. Each of the Borrower, the Partnership and
the REIT has complied with all applicable statutes, rules, regulations, orders
and restrictions of any domestic or foreign government or any instrumentality or
agency thereof having jurisdiction over the conduct of their respective
businesses, with respect to Borrowers, or the ownership of the Pledged Assets
except for any failure to comply with any of the foregoing which could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

         5.13. Ownership of Pledged Assets; Existing Security Instruments. The
Borrower has good title to all of the Pledged Assets. As of the date of this
Agreement, there are no options or other rights to acquire any of the Pledged
Assets that run in favor of any Person and there are no mortgages, deeds of
trust, indentures, debt instruments or other agreements creating a Lien against
any of the Mortgaged Properties other than Permitted Liens and the Purchase
Option.

         5.14. No Default. No Default or Unmatured Default exists under or with
respect to any Loan Document. The Borrower, is not in default in any material
respect beyond any applicable grace period under or with respect to any other
material agreement, instrument or undertaking to which it is a party or by which
it or any of the Pledged Assets is bound in any respect, the existence of which
default could result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Default or Unmatured
Default exists under the Existing Line of Credit.

         5.15. Intentionally Deleted.

         5.16. Intentionally Deleted.

         5.17. Investment Company Act. Neither the Borrower, the Partnership,
nor the REIT is an "investment company" or a company "controlled" by an
"investment company," within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended.

         5.18. Public Utility Holding Company Act. Neither the Borrower, the
Partnership nor the REIT is a "holding company" or a "subsidiary company" of a
"holding company," or an



                                       26
<PAGE>

"affiliate" of a "holding company" or of a "subsidiary company" of a "holding
company", within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935,
as amended.

         5.19. Intentionally Deleted.

         5.20. Property Manager. As of the date hereof, the manager of the
Mortgaged Properties is an Affiliate of the Borrower.

         5.21. Intentionally Deleted.

         5.22. Intentionally Deleted.

         5.23. Intentionally Deleted.

         5.24. Intentionally Deleted.

         5.25. Intentionally Deleted.

         5.26. Single Purpose.

         Each Borrower is engaged only in the business of owning the Pledged
Assets. No Borrower owns or has any interest in any Person. The sole partners
and beneficial owners of each Borrower are and will continue to be, directly or
indirectly, the Partnership and/or the REIT.

         5.27. Ownership. Each Subordinate Mortgagee is wholly owned and
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Partnership and the REIT, and (c)
each Borrower is wholly owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by the
partnership and the REIT.

         5.28. Principal Place of Business; State of Organization. Each
Borrower's principal place of business as of the date hereof is the address set
forth on the signature pages hereof. Each Borrower is organized under the laws
of the State of Michigan. Sun Financial's organizational identification number
is B9392F, Sun LP's organizational identification number is L05659.

         5.29. Taxpayer Identification Number. Sun Financial's United States
taxpayer identification number is 30-0114694. Sun LP's United States taxpayer
identification number has been applied for by Sun LP and Sun LP shall supply
such number to Agent upon its assignment.

                                       27
<PAGE>
                                   ARTICLE VI
                                    COVENANTS

         During the term of this Agreement, unless the Required Lenders shall
otherwise consent in writing:

         6.1. Financial Reporting.

                  6.1.1. Financial Statements and Other Reports. The Borrowers
         and the Partnership shall deliver to Agent copies of all financial
         statements, reports, compliance certificates, comfort letters, notices
         of default or litigation, notices of violation, environmental notices
         and all other notices and information required to be delivered pursuant
         to the Existing Line of Credit simultaneously with their delivery to
         the Line of Credit Agent.

                  6.1.2. Intentionally Deleted.

                  6.1.3. Notice of Default or Litigation. Promptly after a
         Responsible Officer obtains actual knowledge thereof, the Borrowers
         shall give Agent notice of (i) the occurrence of a Default or Unmatured
         Default under this Agreement, (ii) the occurrence of (w) any default
         that is not cured, or any event of default, under any partnership
         agreement of the Borrower, any mortgage, deed of trust, indenture or
         other debt or security instrument, covering any of the Mortgaged
         Properties, (x) any event of default under any other material agreement
         to which the Borrowers are a party, which, if not cured could result in
         a Material Adverse Effect, (y) any Collateral Default or Collateral
         Event of Default, or (z) a Default, Unmatured Default or Event of
         Default under the Existing Line of Credit, (iii) any litigation or
         governmental proceeding pending or threatened (in writing) against the
         Borrowers, which could result in a Material Adverse Effect and (iv) any
         other event, act or condition which could result in a Material Adverse
         Effect. Each notice delivered pursuant to this Section 6.1.3 shall be
         accompanied by a certificate of the REIT for itself and as general
         partner of the Partnership setting forth the details of the occurrence
         referred to therein and describing the actions the Borrowers propose to
         take with respect thereto.

                  6.1.4. Intentionally Deleted.

                  6.1.5. Environmental Notices. The Borrower shall furnish to
         the Agent, as soon as possible and in any event within ten (10) days
         after receipt by either Borrower, a copy of (i) any notice or claim to
         the effect that the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT is or may be
         liable to any Person as a result of the release of any toxic or
         hazardous waste or substance into the environment from the Mortgaged
         Properties, and (ii) any notice alleging any violation of any federal,
         state or local environmental, health or safety law or regulation by the
         Borrowers with respect to the Mortgaged Properties.

                  6.1.6. Notice of Violation. The Borrowers, will give prompt
         notice to the Agent of the receipt by the Borrower, the Partnership or
         the REIT of any notice related to a violation of any Applicable Laws
         and of the commencement of any proceedings or investigations which
         relate to compliance with Applicable Laws with respect to the
         Borrowers, the Pledged Assets and that could result in a Material
         Adverse Effect.

                  6.1.7. Other Information. The Borrowers, the Partnership and
         the REIT shall promptly furnish to the Agent such other information
         (including non-financial information) as the Agent or any Lender may
         from time to time reasonably request.



                                       28
<PAGE>

                  6.1.8. Pledged Assets. (i) The Borrowers shall deliver to
         Agent, within two days of receipt, copies of all financial information,
         including rent rolls and operating statements, and all notices given by
         Mortgagor to Borrower under the Pledged Asset Documents or with respect
         to the Mortgaged Properties. Within ten (10) days of the end of each
         calendar month, Borrower shall deliver to Agent a report in form and
         substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent setting forth for such
         month, among other things (i) payments received under the Pledged Asset
         Documents, and (ii) advances made to Mortgagors pursuant the Pledged
         Asset Documents.

                  (ii) Borrowers shall furnish to Agent, within ten (10)
         Business Days after request, such further detailed information with
         respect to the operation of the Mortgaged Properties and the financial
         affairs of Borrowers as may be reasonably requested by Agent.


         6.2. Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations. All proceeds of each Advance
will be used by the Borrowers, the Partnership and the REIT only in accordance
with the provisions of Section 2.20. No part of the proceeds of any Advance will
be used by the Borrower or the REIT to purchase or carry any margin stock (as
defined in Regulation U) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of
purchasing or carrying any margin stock.

         6.3. Conduct of Business.

         (i)      The Borrowers, the Partnership and the REIT will, do all
                  things necessary to remain duly incorporated or organized,
                  validly existing and (to the extent such concept applies to
                  such entity) in good standing as a domestic corporation,
                  partnership or limited liability company in its jurisdiction
                  of incorporation or organization, as the case may be, and
                  maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in
                  each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted.

         (ii)     The Borrower shall not own any Assets other than the Pledged
                  Assets and shall not incur any indebtedness other than the
                  Loan.

         6.4. Taxes. The Borrowers, will, timely file complete and correct
United States federal and applicable foreign, state and local tax returns
required by law and pay when due all taxes, assessments and governmental charges
and levies upon it or its income, profits, except those which are being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which
adequate reserves have been set aside.

         6.5. Insurance. The Borrowers shall, or shall cause each Mortgagor to,
maintain the insurance coverage required under the Pledged Asset Documents with
respect to the Mortgaged Properties and shall deliver evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Agent that such insurance is being maintained.

         6.6. Compliance with Laws. The Borrowers, will comply with all laws,
rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to
which it may be subject,



                                       29
<PAGE>

including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws. The Borrowers, will take
appropriate measures to prevent, and will not engage in or knowingly permit, any
illegal activities at any Mortgaged Property.

         6.7. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.8. Inspection. The Borrowers, the Partnership and the REIT will
permit the Agent and the Lenders, by their respective representatives and
agents, to inspect, books and financial records of the Borrowers, the
Partnership and the REIT, to examine and make copies of the books of accounts
and other financial records of the Borrowers, the Partnership and the REIT, to
discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrowers, the Partnership and
the REIT.

         6.9. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.10. Change in Rating. The Partnership will promptly notify the Agent
in writing of any change, downgrade or withdrawal, or threatened change,
downgrade or withdrawal of the Partnership's Unsecured Debt Rating.

         6.11. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.12. Acceleration Notice. The Borrower agrees that it will, within ten
(10) days after receipt of written notice that the debt secured by any
Subordinate Mortgage has been accelerated, provide written notice to the Agent
of such acceleration.

         6.13. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.14. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.15. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.16. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.17. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.18. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.19. Pledged Asset Documents. Borrowers shall perform all of their
obligations as lender under the Pledged Asset Documents, including the funding
of required advances thereunder to which the Mortgagors are entitled under the
Pledged Asset Documents. Borrowers shall not, without Agent's prior written
consent, agree to any modification or amendment to any of the Pledged Asset
Documents, the Intercreditor Agreements or the Subordinate Mortgages, and shall
not waive any material conditions or terms of the Pledged Asset Documents.

         6.20. Intercreditor Agreements. The Subordinate Mortgagees hereby agree
that without the prior written consent of the Agent, they will not (a) declare a
default, accelerate the debt secured by the Subordinate Mortgages, commence any
foreclosure action, exercise any power-of-sale, commence any suit against any
Mortgagor, commence any bankruptcy or similar insolvency proceeding with respect
to any Mortgagor or take any other enforcement action with



                                       30
<PAGE>

respect to any Subordinate Mortgage, or (ii) sell, transfer, assign, pledge,
encumber, convey or grant participation interests in the Subordinate Mortgages.

         6.21. Purchase Option. In the event Sun/Forest LLC exercises its
Purchase Option with respect to any Mortgaged Property or is required to
purchase any Mortgaged Property pursuant to such Purchase Option, Sun/Forest LLC
shall pay such purchase price to the applicable Borrower on account of the
Pledged Mortgage, and if the purchase price so received by Borrower is less than
the then outstanding principal balance of the applicable Pledged Mortgage (such
difference, the "Purchase Shortfall"), then either (a) Sun/Forest LLC shall take
title to such Mortgaged Property subject to, and assume all obligations under,
the applicable Pledged Mortgage, the related Pledged Asset Documents and the
applicable Subordinate Mortgage or (b) Borrower shall simultaneously prepay a
portion of the Loan equal to the Purchase Shortfall in accordance with Section
2.7(except that the minimum repayment amounts therein shall not apply).

         The Partnership agrees that it shall not permit Sun/Forest LLC to sell,
transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, convey or grant participation interests in
(i) its direct or indirect interest in each Mortgagor, unless an entity
Controlled by the Partnership or the REIT is the general partner of Mortgagor,
if the Mortgagor is a limited partnership or is the manager of the Mortgagor, if
the Mortgagor is a limited liability company, or (ii) the Purchase Option.

         6.22. Funding Reserve.

                           (a) If the Unsecured Debt Rating of the Partnership
                  is at any time less than BBB- or its equivalent, or is
                  withdrawn or is no longer assigned by any Rating Agency or
                  Substitute Rating Agency, Borrower shall, within five (5)
                  Business Days after the date such Unsecured Debt Rating is
                  announced, deposit, in immediately available funds, an amount
                  equal to the difference between the then aggregate outstanding
                  principal balance of the Pledged Mortgages and the maximum
                  aggregate stated principal amount (adjusted for any
                  prepayments or scheduled amortization payments actually
                  received by the applicable Borrower) of the Pledged Mortgages
                  (such differences, the "Funding Requirement") into a reserve
                  account to be held by Agent in Agent's name for the benefit of
                  the Lenders (the "Funding Reserve"). The Funding Reserve is
                  for the purpose of Funding required advances under the Pledged
                  Mortgages.

                           (b) Provided no Event of Default has occurred and is
                  continuing, Borrowers shall have the right to request a
                  disbursement from the Funding Reserve if a Borrower is
                  obligated to fund an advance to a Mortgagor under the related
                  Pledged Mortgage, and upon delivery of a certificate signed by
                  a Responsible Officer representing and warranting to Agent (i)
                  that such Mortgagor has complied with all the applicable
                  conditions to an advance under the related Pledged Mortgage,
                  (ii) that the work for which the requested advance relates has
                  been completed in a satisfactory manner and (iii) the amount
                  of the requested advances, Agent shall disburse sums from the
                  Funding Reserve to Borrower in amount equal to the requested
                  advance. Prior to requesting a subsequent disbursement from
                  the Funding Reserve, Borrowers shall deliver an estoppel from



                                       31
<PAGE>

                  the Mortgagor entitled to the immediately preceding
                  disbursement stating that it has received the full amount of
                  such advance from the applicable Borrower.

                           (c) Borrowers grant to Agent and the Lender a
                  first-priority perfected security interest in the Funding
                  Reserve and any and all monies now or hereafter deposited in
                  the Funding Reserve as additional security for payment of the
                  Loan. Until expended or applied in accordance herewith, the
                  Funding Reserve shall constitute additional security for the
                  Loan.

                           (d) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Agent
                  may, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies
                  available to Agent, apply any sums then present in any or all
                  of the Funding Reserve to the payment of the Loan in any order
                  in its sole discretion.

                           (e) The Funding Reserve shall not constitute trust
                  funds and shall be held in an interest bearing account and all
                  earnings or interest on the Funding Reserve shall be added to
                  and become a part of Funding Reserve and shall be disbursed in
                  the same manner as other monies deposited in the Funding
                  Reserve.

                           (f) Borrowers shall not, without obtaining the prior
                  written consent of Lender, further pledge, assign or grant any
                  security interest in the Funding Reserve or the monies
                  deposited therein or permit any lien or encumbrance to attach
                  thereto, or any levy to be made thereon, or any UCC-1
                  Financing Statements, except those naming Agent as the secured
                  party, to be filed with respect thereto.

                           (g) Borrowers shall indemnify Agent and hold Agent
                  harmless from and against any and all actions, suits, claims,
                  demands, liabilities, losses, damages, obligations and costs
                  and expenses (including litigation costs and reasonable
                  attorneys fees and expenses) arising from or in any way
                  connected with the Funding Reserve or the performance of the
                  obligations for which the Funding Reserve was established,
                  except to the extent arising from the gross negligence or
                  willful misconduct of Agent, its agents or employees. Borrower
                  shall assign to Agent all rights and claims Borrowers may have
                  against all Persons supplying labor, materials or other
                  services which are to be paid from or secured by the Funding
                  Reserve; provided, however, that Agent may not pursue any such
                  right or claim unless an Event of Default has occurred and
                  remains uncured.

                           (h) In the event that a Mortgagor agrees with the
                  applicable Borrower to modify the related Pledged Mortgage to
                  reduce the Funding Requirement and the maximum principal
                  amount of the related Pledged Mortgage (provided that no such
                  reduction shall reduce the maximum principal amount of the
                  Pledged Mortgage to less than the outstanding principal
                  balance thereof), and (i) such modification is in form and
                  substance reasonably acceptable to Agent and (ii) it has been
                  properly recorded in the appropriate real estate records,
                  than, provided no Event of Default has occurred and is
                  continuing, the Funding Reserve shall be



                                       32
<PAGE>

                  reduced by an amount equal to such reduction in the Funding
                  Requirement, and such amount shall be disbursed to Borrower on
                  request.

         6.23. Incorporation by Reference.

                           (a) All of the terms and conditions of the Existing
                  Line of Credit are hereby incorporated by reference and such
                  terms and conditions shall have the same effect as if they
                  were stated herein in their entirety. In the event that the
                  Existing Line of Credit is repaid in full or terminated, the
                  Partnership and the REIT shall continue to be bound by the
                  terms and conditions of the Existing Line of Credit, and
                  anything that would have constituted a Default, Unmatured
                  Default or Event of Default under the Existing Line of Credit
                  shall be a Default, or Unmatured Default or an Event of
                  Default, as the case may be, hereunder.

                           (b) The Partnership and the REIT shall not modify any
                  of the financial covenants, material economic terms or other
                  material provisions of the Existing Line of Credit after the
                  date hereof without the prior written consent of Agent.

         6.24. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.25. Liens. The Borrowers, will not, create, incur, assume or suffer
to exist, directly or indirectly, any Lien on any Pledged Assets, or any
Mortgaged Property, other than the following (collectively, the "Permitted
Liens"):

                           (i) Liens existing on the Closing Date and set forth
                  in the Title Policies;

                           (ii) Liens for taxes not yet due or which are being
                  contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently
                  conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves are
                  being maintained;

                           (iii) Statutory Liens of landlords and Liens of
                  mechanics, materialmen and other Liens imposed by Law (other
                  than any Lien imposed by ERISA) created in the ordinary course
                  of business for amounts not yet due or which are being
                  contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently
                  conducted, and with respect to which adequate bonds have been
                  posted if required to do so by Applicable Law;

                           (iv) Easements, rights-of-way, zoning and similar
                  restrictions and other similar charges or encumbrances not
                  interfering with the ordinary conduct of the business of the
                  Borrower and which do not detract materially from the value of
                  any of the Mortgaged Properties to which they attach or impair
                  materially the use thereof by the Mortgagor or Borrower;

                           (v) The Liens of the Pledged Mortgages and the
                  Subordinate Mortgages.



                                       33
<PAGE>
         6.26. Restriction on Fundamental Changes.

                           (i) Without the prior written consent of the Agent
                  and the Required Lenders, which consent may be withheld in the
                  sole and absolute discretion of the Agent and the Required
                  Lenders, the Borrowers, the Partnership, and the REIT will not
                  enter into any merger or consolidation with, any Person other
                  than the Borrowers, the Partnership, the REIT or a Person
                  wholly owned and controlled by the Borrowers, the Partnership
                  or the REIT.

                           (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrowers, or
                  the Partnership may enter into a merger or consolidation,
                  provided that following such merger or consolidation, the
                  Partnership is the surviving entity of such merger or
                  consolidation and the REIT or an entity wholly owned and
                  controlled by the REIT (i) is the sole general partner of the
                  Partnership, and (ii) owns at least a 51% economic ownership
                  interest in the Partnership.

         6.27. Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrowers, will not enter into
any material transaction or series of related transactions, whether or not in
the ordinary course of business, with any Affiliate of the Borrowers, other than
on terms and conditions substantially as favorable as would be obtainable at the
time in a comparable arm's-length transaction with a Person other than an
Affiliate of the Borrowers.

         6.28. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.29. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.30. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.31. Organizational Documents. Neither the Borrower, the Partnership
nor the REIT will make any amendments or modifications to its partnership
agreement, corporate charter, by-laws, certificate of incorporation, articles of
organization, operating agreement or other organizational documents which would
have a Material Adverse Effect without the prior approval of the Agent and the
Required Lenders; notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent will be promptly
notified of all such changes (other than modifications and amendments relating
solely to the admission or deletion of limited partners or changes in their
limited partnership interests, unless such limited partner is Gary Shiffman).

         6.32. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.33. Intentionally Deleted.

         6.34. ERISA.

                           (i) Borrowers shall not engage in any transaction
                  which would cause any obligation, or action taken or to be
                  taken, hereunder (or the exercise by Agent of any of its
                  rights under the Note, this Agreement or the other Loan
                  Documents) to be a non-exempt (under a statutory or
                  administrative class exemption) prohibited transaction under
                  ERISA.


                                       34
<PAGE>

                           (ii) Borrowers further covenant and agree to deliver
                  to Agent such certifications or other evidence from time to
                  time throughout the term of the Loan, as requested by Agent in
                  its sole discretion and represents and covenants that (A)
                  neither Borrower is and or maintain an "employee benefit plan"
                  as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA, which is subject to
                  Title I of ERISA, or a "governmental plan" within the meaning
                  of Section 3(3) of ERISA; (B) neither Borrower is subject to
                  State statutes regulating investments and fiduciary
                  obligations with respect to governmental plans; and (C) one or
                  more of the following circumstances is true:

                                    (a) Equity interests in each Borrower are
                           publicly offered securities, within the meaning of 29
                           C. F. R. Section 2510. 3-101(b)(2);

                                    (b) Less than twenty-five percent (25%) of
                           each outstanding class of equity interests in each
                           Borrower are held by "benefit plan investors" within
                           the meaning of 29 C. F. R. Section 2510. 3-101(f)(2);
                           or

                                    (c) Each Borrower qualifies as an "operating
                           company" or a "real estate operating company" within
                           the meaning of 29 C. F. R. Section 2510. 3-101(c) or
                           (e).

                           (iii) Agent, as Lender, represents and warrants that
                  none of the funds being used to make the Advances are "plan
                  assets" as defined under ERISA.

         6.35. Transfer of Pledged Assets. The Borrower shall not sell,
transfer, assign, convey, grant participations in, pledge or encumber any of the
Pledged Assets or the Borrower's interest therein.

         6.36. Proceeds of Equity and Debt Offerings. All net proceeds (after
payment of underwriter and placement fees and other expenses directly related to
such equity or debt offering) from any equity or debt offering by the REIT, the
Partnership or the Borrowers shall be immediately applied to the prepayment of
the outstanding principal balance of the Loan in accordance with Section 2.7.

         6.37. Name, Identity, Structure, or Principal Place of Business.
Neither Borrower shall change its name, identity (including its trade name or
names), or principal place of business, without, in each case, first giving
Agent thirty (30) days prior written notice. Neither Borrower shall change its
corporate, partnership or other structure, or the place of its organization as
set forth in Section 5.28, without, in each case, the consent of Agent. Upon
Agent's request, Borrowers shall execute and deliver additional UCC Financing
Statements, security agreements and other instruments which may be necessary to
effectively evidence or perfect Agent's security interest in the Pledged Assets
as a result of such change of principal place of business or place of
organization.

         6.38. Further Assurances. Borrowers shall execute and deliver to Agent
such documents, instruments, certificates, assignments and other writings, and
do such other acts necessary or desirable, to evidence, preserve and/or protect
the Pledged Assets at any time securing or intended to secure the obligations of
Borrowers under the Loan Documents, as Agent



                                       35
<PAGE>

may reasonably require including, without limitation, the execution of
additional or supplemental UCC Financing Statements and Collateral Assignments.
Borrower hereby authorizes Agent to file any UCC Financing Statements required
under the Security Agreement and under this Section 6.38.

         6.39. Mortgage and Intangible Taxes. Borrowers and the Partnership
shall pay all State, county and municipal recording, mortgage, and intangible,
and all other taxes imposed upon the execution and recordation of the Collateral
Assignments, UCC Financing Statements and/or upon the execution and delivery of
the Transfer Documents and the Pledged Assets.

         6.40. Ownership. The Partnership and the REIT shall, at all times,
wholly own and control, directly or indirectly, (i) the Borrowers; and (ii) the
Subordinate Mortgagees.

                                   ARTICLE VII
                                    DEFAULTS

         Each of the following events, acts, occurrences or conditions shall
constitute a Default under this Agreement, regardless of whether such event,
act, occurrence or condition is voluntary or involuntary or results from the
operation of law or pursuant to or as a result of compliance by any Person with
any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation of any court or administrative
or governmental body:

         7.1. Failure to Make Payments. The Borrowers, shall default in the
payment when due of any principal or any interest on the Loan or default in the
payment of any fees or other amounts owing hereunder or under any other Loan
Documents when the same are due and payable.

         7.2. Breach of Representation or Warranty. Any representation or
warranty made by the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT herein, in the
Security Agreement or in any other Loan Document or in any certificate or
statement delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall prove to be false or
misleading in any material respect on the date as of which made or deemed made:
provided, however, that if such breach is capable of being cured, then the
Borrowers shall have a period of thirty (30) days after delivery of notice from
the Agent to cure any such breach.

         7.3. Breach of Covenants.

                           (i) The Borrowers, the Partnership or the REIT shall
                  fail to perform or observe any agreement, covenant or
                  obligation arising under Sections 6.25 (other than Liens which
                  are placed on a Mortgaged Property without the consent of the
                  Borrower, the Partnership, or the REIT), 6.26, 6.34, 6.35,
                  6.36 and 6.40.

                           (ii) The Borrowers, the Partnership or the REIT shall
                  fail to perform or observe any agreement, covenant or
                  obligation arising under this Agreement (except those
                  described in Sections 7.1, 7.2 and 7.3(i) above), and such
                  failure shall continue uncured for thirty (30) days after
                  delivery of notice thereof, or such longer period of time as
                  is reasonably necessary to cure such failure, provided that
                  the Borrowers have commenced and is diligently prosecuting the
                  cure of such failure and cures it within ninety (90) days.



                                       36
<PAGE>

                           (iii) The Borrowers, the Partnership or the REIT
                  shall fail to perform or observe any agreement, covenant or
                  obligation arising under any provision of the Security
                  Agreement or any of the Loan Documents other than this
                  Agreement, which failure shall continue after the end of any
                  applicable grace period provided therein.

         7.4. Default Under Existing Line of Credit. The Partnership, or the
REIT shall default beyond any applicable grace period in the payment performance
or observance of any obligation or condition with respect to the Existing Line
of Credit or any other event shall occur or condition exist, if the effect of
such default, event or condition is to accelerate the maturity of the
indebtedness under the Existing Line of Credit or such indebtedness shall become
or be declared to be due and payable prior to its stated maturity and the
foregoing conditions are not cured within (30) days after the condition occurs.

         7.5. Bankruptcy, etc. (i) The Borrower, the Partnership, or the REIT
shall commence a voluntary case concerning itself under the Bankruptcy Code; or
(ii) an involuntary case is commenced against the Borrower, the Partnership, or
the REIT and the petition is not contested within sixty (60) days, or is not
dismissed within ninety (90) days, after commencement of the case or (iii) a
custodian (as defined in the Bankruptcy Code) is appointed for, or takes charge
of, all or substantially all of the property of the Borrower, the Partnership,
the REIT, or the Borrower, the Partnership, or the REIT commences any other
proceedings under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of
debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any
jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect relating to the Borrower, the
Partnership, the REIT or there is commenced against the Borrower, the
Partnership, or the REIT any such proceeding which remains undismissed for a
period of ninety (90) days; or (iv) any order of relief or other order approving
any such case or proceeding is entered; or (v) the Borrower, the Partnership, or
the REIT is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or (vi) the Borrower, the
Partnership, or the REIT suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like
for it or any substantial part of its property to continue undischarged or
unstayed for a period of ninety (90) days; or (vii) the Borrower, the
Partnership, or the REIT, makes a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors; or (viii) the Borrower, the Partnership, or the REIT shall fail to
pay, or shall state that it is unable to pay, or shall be unable to pay, its
debts generally as they become due; or (ix) the Borrower, or the Partnership,
the REIT shall call a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a
composition or adjustment of its debt; or (x) the Borrower, the Partnership, or
the REIT shall by any act or failure to act consent to, approve of or acquiesce
in any of the foregoing; or (xi) any corporate, partnership or limited liability
company action is taken by the Borrower, the Partnership, or the REIT for the
purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

         7.6. Receivership. Without the application, approval or consent of the
Borrower, the Partnership, or the REIT, a receiver, trustee, examiner,
liquidator or similar official shall be appointed for the Borrower, the
Partnership, or the REIT, or a proceeding described in Section 7.5(iii) shall be
instituted against the Borrower, the Partnership, or the REIT and such
appointment continues undischarged or such proceeding continues undismissed or
unstayed for a period of 30 consecutive days.

         7.7. Intentionally Deleted.



                                       37
<PAGE>

         7.8. Intentionally Deleted.

         7.9. Intentionally Deleted.

         7.10. Guaranty. The Guaranty shall fail to remain in full force or
effect or any action shall be taken to discontinue or to assert the invalidity
or unenforceability of the Guaranty, or any Guarantor shall fail to comply with
any of the terms or provisions of any Guaranty to which it is a party, or any
Guarantor shall deny that it has any further liability under any Guaranty to
which it is a party, or shall give notice to such effect.

         7.11. Intentionally Deleted.

         7.12. Intentionally Deleted

         7.13. Material Adverse Effect. If any Material Adverse Effect shall
occur (other than a down grade, withdrawal or termination of the Partnership's
or the REIT's Unsecured Debt Rating).

         7.14. Collateral Event of Default. If any Collateral Event of Default
shall occur and the Borrower fails to repay the entire Loan and all of the
Obligations in full within five (5) Business Days of such occurrence.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                 ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES

         8.1. Acceleration. If any Default described in Section 7.5 or 7.6
occurs with respect to the Borrower, the obligations of the Lenders to make
Advance hereunder shall automatically terminate and the Obligations shall
immediately become due and payable without any election or action on the part of
the Agent, or any Lender. If any other Default occurs, the Required Lenders (or
the Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) may terminate or suspend the
obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder or declare the Obligations to
be due and payable, or both, whereupon the Obligations shall become immediately
due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all
of which the Borrower hereby expressly waives and enforce any and all of its
remedies hereunder, in the Security Agreement, the other Loan Documents and as
provided by Applicable Law.

         8.2. Amendments. Subject to the provisions of this Section 8.2, the
Required Lenders (or the Agent with the consent in writing of the Required
Lenders) and the Borrower may enter into agreements supplemental hereto for the
purpose of adding or modifying any provisions to the Loan Documents or changing
in any manner the rights of the Lenders or the Borrower hereunder or waiving any
Default hereunder; provided, however, that no such supplemental agreement shall,
without the consent of all of the Lenders:

         (i)      Extend the final maturity of any Loan, or forgive all or any
                  portion of the principal amount thereof or reduce the rate or
                  extend the time of payment of interest or fees thereon.

         (ii)     Reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required
                  Lenders.




                                       38
<PAGE>



         (iii)    Extend the Maturity Date or increase the Loan Amount, the
                  Aggregate Commitment, the Commitment of any Lender hereunder
                  or permit the Borrower to assign its rights under this
                  Agreement.

         (iv)     Reduce the Commitment of any Lender except for (a) reductions
                  of a Lender's Commitment as a result of the assignment of all
                  or a portion thereof to a Purchaser in accordance with Section
                  12.3 and (b) replacement of a Lender in accordance with
                  Section 2.18.

         (v)      Amend this Section 8.2.

         (vi)     Release any Guarantor.

         (vii)    Provide for an Interest Period of less than one month or
                  greater than three months.

         (viii)   Subject any Lender to any additional obligation.

No amendment of any provision of this Agreement relating to the Agent shall be
effective without the written consent of the Agent. The Agent may waive payment
of the fee required under Section 12.3.2.

         8.3. Preservation of Rights. No delay or omission of the Lenders, or
the Agent to exercise any right under the Loan Documents shall impair such right
or be construed to be a waiver of any Default or an acquiescence therein, and
the making of an Advance notwithstanding the existence of a Default or the
inability of the Borrower to satisfy the conditions precedent to such Advance
shall not constitute any waiver or acquiescence. Any single or partial exercise
of any such right shall not preclude other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right, and no waiver, amendment or other variation of the
terms, conditions or provisions of the Loan Documents whatsoever shall be valid
unless in writing signed by the Lenders required pursuant to Section 8.2, and
then only to the extent in such writing specifically set forth. All remedies
contained in the Loan Documents or by law afforded shall be cumulative and all
shall be available to the Agent, and the Lenders until the Obligations have been
paid in full.

                                   ARTICLE IX
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

         9.1. Survival of Representations. All representations and warranties of
the Borrower, the Partnership and the REIT contained in this Agreement shall
survive the making of the Advance herein contemplated.

         9.2. Governmental Regulation. Anything contained in this Agreement to
the contrary notwithstanding, no Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to
the Borrower in violation of any limitation or prohibition provided by any
applicable statute or regulation.

         9.3. Headings. Section headings in the Loan Documents are for
convenience of reference only, and shall not govern the interpretation of any of
the provisions of the Loan Documents.



                                       39
<PAGE>

         9.4. Entire Agreement. The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement
and understanding among the Borrower, the Agent, and the Lenders and supersede
all prior agreements and understandings among the Borrower, the Agent, and the
Lenders relating to the subject matter thereof other than those contained in the
fee letter described in Section 10.13 which is the subject of this Agreement,
all of which shall survive and remain in full force and effect during the term
of this Agreement.

         9.5. Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement. The respective
obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and no Lender
shall be the partner or agent of any other (except to the extent to which the
Agent is authorized to act as such). The failure of any Lender to perform any of
its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its
obligations hereunder. This Agreement shall not be construed so as to confer any
right or benefit upon any Person other than the parties to this Agreement and
their respective successors and assigns, provided, however, that the parties
hereto expressly agree that the Arranger shall enjoy the benefits of the
provisions of Sections 9.6, 9.10 and 10.11 to the extent specifically set forth
therein and shall have the right to enforce such provisions on its own behalf
and in its own name to the same extent as if it were a party to this Agreement.

         9.6. Expenses; Indemnification.

         (i)      The Borrowers and the Partnership shall reimburse the Agent
                  and the Arranger for any costs, internal charges and
                  out-of-pocket expenses (including attorneys' fees and time
                  charges of attorneys for the Agent, which attorneys may be
                  employees of the Agent) paid or incurred by the Agent in
                  connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution,
                  delivery, syndication, distribution (including, without
                  limitation, via the internet), review, amendment,
                  modification, and administration of the Loan Documents. The
                  Borrowers and the Partnership also agree to reimburse the
                  Agent, and the Lenders for any costs, internal charges and
                  out-of-pocket expenses (including attorneys' fees and time
                  charges of attorneys for the Agent, and the Lenders, which
                  attorneys may be employees of the Agent, or the Lenders) paid
                  or incurred by the Agent, the Arranger, or any Lender in
                  connection with the collection and enforcement of the Loan
                  Documents.

         (ii)     The Borrower and the Partnership hereby further agree to
                  indemnify the Agent, each Lender, their respective affiliates,
                  and each of their directors, officers and employees against
                  all losses, claims, damages, penalties, judgments, liabilities
                  and expenses (including, without limitation, all expenses of
                  litigation or preparation therefor whether or not the Agent,
                  the Arranger, any Lender or any affiliate is a party thereto)
                  which any of them may pay or incur arising out of or relating
                  to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the transactions
                  contemplated hereby or the direct or indirect application or
                  proposed application of the proceeds of any Advance hereunder
                  except to the extent that they are determined in a final
                  non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction
                  to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful
                  misconduct of the party seeking indemnification. The
                  obligations of the Borrower and the Partnership under this
                  Section 9.6 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.



                                       40
<PAGE>

         9.7. Numbers of Documents. All statements, notices, closing documents,
and requests hereunder shall be furnished to the Agent with sufficient
counterparts so that the Agent may furnish one to each of the Lenders.

         9.8. Accounting. Except as provided to the contrary herein, all
accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted and all accounting
determinations hereunder shall be made in accordance with Agreement Accounting
Principles.

         9.9. Severability of Provisions. Any provision in any Loan Document
that is held to be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid in any jurisdiction
shall, as to that jurisdiction, be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid
without affecting the remaining provisions in that jurisdiction or the
operation, enforceability, or validity of that provision in any other
jurisdiction, and to this end the provisions of all Loan Documents are declared
to be severable.

         9.10. Nonliability of Lenders. The relationship between the Borrower on
the one hand and the Lenders, and the Agent on the other hand shall be solely
that of borrower and lender. Neither the Agent, the Arranger, nor any Lender
shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to the Borrower, the Partnership or
the REIT. Neither the Agent, the Arranger, nor any Lender undertakes any
responsibility to the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT to review or inform
them of any matter in connection with any phase of the business or operations of
the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT. The Borrower, the Partnership and the
REIT agree that neither the Agent, the Arranger, nor any Lender shall have
liability to the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT (whether sounding in
tort, contract or otherwise) for losses suffered by the Borrower, the
Partnership or the REIT in connection with, arising out of, or in any way
related to, the transactions contemplated and the relationship established by
the Loan Documents, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection
therewith, unless it is determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court
of competent jurisdiction that such losses resulted from the gross negligence or
willful misconduct of the party from which recovery is sought. Neither the
Agent, the Arranger, nor any Lender shall have any liability with respect to,
and the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT hereby waive, release and agree
not to sue for, any special, indirect or consequential damages suffered by the
Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT in connection with, arising out of, or in
any way related to the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby.

         9.11. Confidentiality. Each Lender agrees to hold any confidential
information which it may receive from the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT
pursuant to this Agreement in confidence, except for disclosure (i) to its
Affiliates and to other Lenders and their respective Affiliates, (ii) to legal
counsel, accountants, and other professional advisors to such Lender or to a
Transferee, (iii) to regulatory officials, (iv) to any Person as requested
pursuant to or as required by law, regulation, or legal process, (v) to any
Person in connection with any legal proceeding to which such Lender is a party,
(vi) to such Lender's direct or indirect contractual counterparties in swap
agreements or to legal counsel, accountants and other professional advisors to
such counterparties, (vii) permitted by Section 12.4 and (viii) to rating
agencies if requested or required by such agencies in connection with a rating
relating to the Advances hereunder.



                                       41
<PAGE>

         9.12. Nonreliance. Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying
on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System) for the repayment of the Loan.

         9.13. Disclosure. The Borrower, the Partnership the REIT and each
Lender hereby acknowledge and agree that Agent and/or its Affiliates and each
Lender and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make
other loans to or have other relationships with the Borrower, the Partnership
the REIT and their Affiliates.

         9.14. Recourse. The Loans, and all other Obligations shall be full
recourse to the Borrower. The Partnership and the REIT shall have no liability
with respect to the Loans, or any other Obligations except as set forth in the
Guaranty.

                                    ARTICLE X
                                    THE AGENT

         10.1. Appointment; Nature of Relationship. Lehman Commercial Paper Inc.
is hereby appointed by each of the Lenders as its contractual representative
(herein referred to as the "Agent") hereunder and under each other Loan
Document, and each of the Lenders irrevocably authorizes the Agent to act as the
contractual representative of such Lender with the rights and duties expressly
set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. The Agent agrees to act as
such contractual representative upon the express conditions contained in this
Article X. Notwithstanding the use of the defined term "Agent," it is expressly
understood and agreed that the Agent shall not have any fiduciary
responsibilities to any Lender by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document and that the Agent is merely acting as the contractual representative
of the Lenders with only those duties as are expressly set forth in this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In its capacity as the Lenders'
contractual representative, the Agent (i) does not hereby assume any fiduciary
duties to any of the Lenders, (ii) is a "representative" of the Lenders within
the meaning of the term "secured party" as defined in the New York Uniform
Commercial Code and (iii) is acting as an independent contractor, the rights and
duties of which are limited to those expressly set forth in this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents. Each of the Lenders hereby agrees to assert no claim
against the Agent on any agency theory or any other theory of liability for
breach of fiduciary duty, all of which claims each Lender hereby waives.

         10.2. Powers. The Agent shall have and may exercise such powers under
the Loan Documents as are specifically delegated to the Agent by the terms of
each thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.
The Agent shall have no implied duties to the Lenders, or any obligation to the
Lenders to take any action thereunder except any action specifically provided by
the Loan Documents to be taken by the Agent.

         10.3. General Immunity. Neither the Agent nor any of its directors,
officers, agents or employees shall be liable to the Borrower, the Partnership
the REIT, the Lenders or any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be taken
by it or them hereunder or under any other Loan Document or in connection
herewith or therewith except to the extent such action or inaction is determined
in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have
arisen from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Person.



                                       42
<PAGE>

         10.4. No Responsibility for Loans, Recitals, etc. Neither the Agent nor
any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be responsible for or
have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, or verify (a) any statement, warranty
or representation made in connection with any Loan Document or any borrowing
hereunder; (b) the performance or observance of any of the covenants or
agreements of any obligor under any Loan Document, including, without
limitation, any agreement by an obligor to furnish information directly to each
Lender; (c) the satisfaction of any condition specified in Article IV, except
receipt of items required to be delivered solely to the Agent; (d) the existence
or possible existence of any Default or Unmatured Default; (e) the validity,
enforceability, effectiveness, sufficiency or genuineness of any Loan Document
or any other instrument or writing furnished in connection therewith; (f) the
value, sufficiency, creation, perfection or priority of any Lien in any
collateral security; or (g) the financial condition of the Borrower, the
Partnership or the REIT. The Agent shall with reasonable promptness deliver to
the Lenders (unless the Borrower has furnished the same directly to the Lenders)
copies of any materials furnished to the Agent by the Borrower pursuant to the
requirements of this Agreement, including without limitation those provided for
in Sections 6.1, 6.10, 6.11 and 6.12, but the Agent shall have no duty to
disclose to the Lenders information that is not required to be furnished by the
Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT to the Agent at such time, but is
voluntarily furnished by the Borrower, the Partnership or the REIT to the Agent
(either in its capacity as the Agent or in its individual capacity).

         10.5. Action on Instructions of Lenders. The Agent shall in all cases
be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, hereunder and under
any other Loan Document in accordance with written instructions signed by the
Required Lenders, and such instructions and any action taken or failure to act
pursuant thereto shall be binding on all of the Lenders. The Lenders hereby
acknowledge that the Agent shall be under no duty to take any discretionary
action permitted to be taken by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement
or any other Loan Document unless it shall be requested in writing to do so by
the Required Lenders. The Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing
to take any action hereunder and under any other Loan Document unless it shall
first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders pro rata against any and
all liability, cost and expense that it may incur by reason of taking or
continuing to take any such action.

         10.6. Employment of Agents and Counsel. The Agent may execute any of
its duties as the Agent hereunder and under any other Loan Document by or
through employees, agents, and attorneys-in-fact and shall not be answerable to
the Lenders, except as to money or securities received by it or its authorized
agents, for the default or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact
selected by it with reasonable care. The Agent shall be entitled to advice of
counsel concerning the contractual arrangement between the Agent and the Lenders
and all matters pertaining to the Agent's duties hereunder and under any other
Loan Document.

         10.7. Reliance on Documents; Counsel. The Agent shall be entitled to
rely upon any Note, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram,
statement, paper or document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to
have been signed or sent by the proper person or persons, and, in respect to
legal matters, upon the opinion of counsel selected by the Agent, which counsel
may be employees of the Agent.



                                       43
<PAGE>

         10.8. Agent's Reimbursement and Indemnification. The Lenders agree to
reimburse and indemnify the Agent ratably in proportion to their respective
Commitments (or, if the Commitments have been terminated, in proportion to their
Commitments immediately prior to such termination) (i) for any amounts not
reimbursed by the Borrower for which the Agent is entitled to reimbursement by
the Borrower under the Loan Documents, (ii) for any other expenses incurred by
the Agent on behalf of the Lenders (and not reimbursed by the Borrower), in
connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration and
enforcement of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, for any
expenses incurred by the Agent in connection with any dispute between the Agent
and any Lender or between two or more of the Lenders) and (iii) for any
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits,
costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind and nature whatsoever which may be
imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Agent in any way relating to or
arising out of the Loan Documents or any other document delivered in connection
therewith or the transactions contemplated thereby (including, without
limitation, for any such amounts incurred by or asserted against the Agent in
connection with any dispute between the Agent and any Lender or between two or
more of the Lenders), or the enforcement of any of the terms of the Loan
Documents or of any such other documents (but only to the extent not reimbursed
by the Borrower), provided that (i) no Lender shall be liable for any of the
foregoing to the extent any of the foregoing is found in a final non-appealable
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of the Agent and (ii) any indemnification
required pursuant to Section 3.5(vii) shall, notwithstanding the provisions of
this Section 10.8, be paid by the relevant Lender in accordance with the
provisions thereof. The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 10.8 shall
survive payment of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement.

         10.9. Notice of Default. The Agent shall not be deemed to have
knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Unmatured Default
hereunder (other than a failure to pay any or all of the Obligations from time
to time payable hereunder) or of any Collateral Default unless the Agent has
received written notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this
Agreement describing such Default, Unmatured Default, or Collateral Default, and
stating that such notice is a "notice of default". In the event that the Agent
receives such a notice, the Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the
Lenders.

         10.10. Rights as a Lender. In the event the Agent is a Lender, the
Agent shall have the same rights and powers hereunder and under any other Loan
Document with respect to its Commitment and its Loans as any Lender and may
exercise the same as though it were not the Agent, and the term "Lender" or
"Lenders" shall, at any time when the Agent is a Lender, unless the context
otherwise indicates, include the Agent in its individual capacity. The Agent and
its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in
any kind of trust, debt, equity or other transaction, in addition to those
contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, with the Borrower,
the Partnership the REIT or any of their Subsidiaries in which the Borrower, the
Partnership the REIT or such Subsidiary is not restricted hereby from engaging
with any other Person.

         10.11. Lender Credit Decision. Each Lender acknowledges that it has,
independently and without reliance upon the Agent, the Arranger or any other
Lender and based on the financial statements prepared by the Borrower and the
Partnership and such other documents and



                                       44
<PAGE>

information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Each Lender
also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the
Agent, the Arranger or any other Lender and based on such documents and
information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own
credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents.

         10.12. Successor Agent. The Agent may resign at any time by giving
written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower, such resignation to be
effective upon the appointment of a successor Agent or, if no successor Agent
has been appointed, forty-five days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its
intention to resign. The Agent may be removed at any time with or without cause
by written notice received by the Agent from the Required Lenders, such removal
to be effective on the date specified by the Required Lenders. Upon any such
resignation or removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint, a
successor Agent, be subject to the prior written approval of the Borrower, not
to be unreasonably withheld. If no successor Agent shall have been so appointed
by the Required Lenders within thirty days after the resigning Agent's giving
notice of its intention to resign, then the resigning Agent may appoint, a
successor Agent. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Agent may at any
time without the consent of the Borrower, the Partnership the REIT or any
Lender, appoint any of its Affiliates which is a commercial bank as a successor
Agent hereunder. If the Agent has resigned or been removed and no successor
Agent has been appointed, the Lenders may perform all the duties of the Agent
hereunder and the Borrower, the Partnership and the REIT shall make all payments
in respect of the Obligations to the applicable Lender and for all other
purposes shall deal directly with the Lenders. No successor Agent shall be
deemed to be appointed hereunder until such successor Agent has accepted the
appointment. Any such successor Agent shall be a commercial bank having capital
and retained earnings of at least $100,000,000. Upon the acceptance of any
appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent, such successor Agent shall
thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges
and duties of the resigning or removed Agent. Upon the effectiveness of the
resignation or removal of the Agent, the resigning or removed Agent shall be
discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the Loan
Documents. After the effectiveness of the resignation or removal of an Agent,
the provisions of this Article X shall continue in effect for the benefit of
such Agent in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it
was acting as the Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents.

         10.13. Agent Fees. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Agent the fees
agreed to by the Borrower, the Partnership the REIT, and the Agent from time to
time.

         10.14. Delegation to Affiliates. The Borrower, the Partnership the REIT
and the Lenders agree that the Agent may delegate any of its duties under this
Agreement to any of its Affiliates and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in Section 10.12, resign as Agent and appoint any of its Affiliates as a
successor Agent. Any such Affiliate (and such Affiliate's directors, officers,
agents and employees) which performs duties in connection with this Agreement
shall be entitled to the same benefits of the indemnification, waiver and other
protective provisions to which the Agent is entitled under Articles IX and X.



                                       45
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE XI
                            SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS

         11.1. Setoff. In addition to, and without limitation of, any rights of
the Lenders under applicable law, if the Borrower becomes insolvent, however
evidenced, or any Default occurs, any and all deposits (including all account
balances, whether provisional or final and whether or not collected or
available) and any other Indebtedness at any time held or owing by any Lender or
any Affiliate of any Lender to or for the credit or account of the Borrower may
be offset and applied toward the payment of the Obligations owing to such
Lender, whether or not the Obligations, or any part thereof, shall then be due.

         11.2. Ratable Payments. If any Lender, whether by setoff or otherwise,
has payment made to it upon its Pro Rata Share of the Loan (other than payments
received pursuant to Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.4 or 3.5 in a greater proportion than
that received by any other Lender, such Lender agrees, promptly upon demand, to
purchase a portion of the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure held by the
other Lenders so that after such purchase each Lender will hold its Pro Rata
Share of the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure ratable proportion of Loans.
If any Lender, whether in connection with setoff or amounts which might be
subject to setoff or otherwise, receives collateral or other protection for its
Obligations or such amounts which may be subject to setoff, such Lender agrees,
promptly upon demand, to take such action necessary such that all Lenders share
in the benefits of such collateral ratably in proportion to their Loans
respective Pro Rata Shares of the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure. In case
any such payment is disturbed by legal process, or otherwise, appropriate
further adjustments shall be made.

                                   ARTICLE XII
                BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS

         12.1. Successors and Assigns. The terms and provisions of the Loan
Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the
Partnership the REIT and the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns
permitted hereby, except that (i) neither the Borrower, the Partnership nor the
REIT shall have the right to assign its rights or obligations under the Loan
Documents without the prior written consent of each Lender, (ii) any assignment
by any Lender must be made in compliance with Section 12.3, and (iii) any
transfer by Participation must be made in compliance with Section 12.2. Any
attempted assignment or transfer by any party not made in compliance with this
Section 12.1 shall be null and void, unless such attempted assignment or
transfer is treated as a participation in accordance with Section 12.3.2. The
parties to this Agreement acknowledge that clause (ii) of this Section 12.1
relates only to absolute assignments and this Section 12.1 does not prohibit
assignments creating security interests, including, without limitation, (x) any
pledge or assignment by any Lender of all or any portion of its rights under
this Agreement and any Note to a Federal Reserve Bank or (y) in the case of a
Lender which is a Fund, any pledge or assignment of all or any portion of its
rights under this Agreement and any Note to its trustee in support of its
obligations to its trustee; provided, however, that no such pledge or assignment
creating a security interest shall release the transferor Lender from its
obligations hereunder unless and until the parties thereto have complied with
the provisions of Section 12.3. The Agent may treat the Person which made any
Loan or which holds any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes hereof unless
and until such



                                       46
<PAGE>

Person complies with Section 12.3; provided, however, that the Agent may in its
discretion (but shall not be required to) follow instructions from the Person
which made any Loan or which holds any Note to direct payments relating to such
Loan or Note to another Person. Any assignee of the rights to any Loan or any
Note agrees by acceptance of such assignment to be bound by all the terms and
provisions of the Loan Documents. Any request, authority or consent of any
Person, who at the time of making such request or giving such authority or
consent is the owner of the rights to any Loan (whether or not a Note has been
issued in evidence thereof), shall be conclusive and binding on any subsequent
holder or assignee of the rights to such Loan.

         12.2. Participations.

                  12.2.1. Permitted Participants; Effect. Any Lender may at any
         time sell to one or more banks or other entities ("Participants")
         participating interests in any Outstanding Credit Exposure of such
         Lender, any Note held by such Lender, any Commitment of such Lender or
         any other interest of such Lender under the Loan Documents. In the
         event of any such sale by a Lender of participating interests to a
         Participant, such Lender's obligations under the Loan Documents shall
         remain unchanged, such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the
         other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, such
         Lender shall remain the owner of its Outstanding Credit Exposure and
         the holder of any Note issued to it in evidence thereof for all
         purposes under the Loan Documents, all amounts payable by the Borrower
         under this Agreement shall be determined as if such Lender had not sold
         such participating interests, and the Borrower, the Partnership the
         REIT and the Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such
         Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under
         the Loan Documents.

                  12.2.2. Voting Rights. Each Lender shall retain the sole right
         to approve, without the consent of any Participant, any amendment,
         modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents other
         than any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to any Credit
         Exposure or Commitment in which such Participant has an interest which
         would require consent of all of the Lenders pursuant to the terms of
         Section 8.2 or of any other Loan Document.

                  12.2.3. Benefit of Certain Provisions. The Borrower agrees
         that each Participant shall be deemed to have the right of setoff
         provided in Section 11.1 in respect of its participating interest in
         amounts owing under the Loan Documents to the same extent as if the
         amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a
         Lender under the Loan Documents, provided that each Lender shall retain
         the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 with respect to the amount
         of participating interests sold to each Participant. The Lenders agree
         to share with each Participant, and each Participant, by exercising the
         right of setoff provided in Section 11.1, agrees to share with each
         Lender, any amount received pursuant to the exercise of its right of
         setoff, such amounts to be shared in accordance with Section 11.2 as if
         each Participant were a Lender. The Borrower further agrees that each
         Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.4
         and 3.5 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its
         interest by assignment pursuant to Section 12.3, provided that (i) a
         Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under
         Section 3.1, 3.2 or 3.5 than the Lender who sold the participating
         interest to such Participant would have received had it retained such


                                       47
<PAGE>

         interest for its own account, unless the sale of such interest to such
         Participant is made with the prior written consent of the Borrower, and
         (ii) any Participant not incorporated under the laws of the United
         States of America or any State thereof agrees to comply with the
         provisions of Section 3.5 to the same extent as if it were a Lender.

         12.3. Assignments.

                  12.3.1. Permitted Assignments. Any Lender may, in the ordinary
         course of its business and in accordance with applicable law, at any
         time assign to one or more banks or other entities ("Purchasers") all
         or any part of its rights and obligations under the Loan Documents.
         Such assignment shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B (the
         "Assignment and Assumption") or in such other form as may be agreed to
         by the parties thereto. The consent of the Agent shall be required
         prior to an assignment becoming effective with respect to a Purchaser
         which is not a Lender or an Affiliate thereof. Such consents shall not
         be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each such assignment with respect
         to a Purchaser which is not a Lender or an Affiliate thereof shall
         (unless the Agent otherwise consents) be in an amount not less than the
         lesser of (i) $10,000,000 or (ii) the remaining amount of the assigning
         Lender's Commitment (calculated as at the date of such assignment) or
         outstanding Loans (if the applicable Commitment has been terminated).

                  12.3.2. Notice of Assignment. Upon (i) delivery to the Agent
         of an executed Assignment and Assumption, together with any consents
         required by Section 12.3.1, and (ii) payment of a $4,000 fee to the
         Agent for processing such assignment, such assignment shall become
         effective on the effective date specified in the Assignment and
         Assumption. On and after the effective date of such assignment, such
         Purchaser shall for all purposes be a Lender party to this Agreement
         and any other Loan Document executed by or on behalf of the Lenders and
         shall have all the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan
         Documents, to the same extent as if it were an original party hereto,
         and no further consent or action by the Borrower, the Partnership, the
         REIT, the Lenders or the Agent shall be required to release the
         transferor Lender with respect to the percentage of the Aggregate
         Commitment and Outstanding Credit Exposure assigned to such Purchaser.
         Upon the consummation of any assignment to a Purchaser pursuant to this
         Section 12.3.2, the transferor Lender, the Agent and the Borrower
         shall, if the transferor Lender or the Purchaser desires that its Loans
         be evidenced by Notes, make appropriate arrangements so that new Notes
         or, as appropriate, replacement Notes are issued to such transferor
         Lender and new Notes or, as appropriate, replacement Notes, are issued
         to such Purchaser, in each case in principal amounts reflecting their
         respective Commitments, as adjusted pursuant to such assignment.

                  12.3.3. Register. The Agent, acting solely for this purpose as
         an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in New
         York, New York a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it
         and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the
         Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans
         owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time
         (the "Register"). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and
         the Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose
         name is recorded in the Register pursuant



                                       48
<PAGE>

         to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this
         Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall
         be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any
         reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

         12.4. Dissemination of Information. The Borrower, the Partnership and
the REIT hereby authorize each Lender to disclose to any Participant or
Purchaser or any other Person acquiring an interest in the Loan Documents by
operation of law (each a "Transferee") and any prospective Transferee any and
all information in such Lender's possession concerning the creditworthiness of
the Borrower, the Partnership and the REIT, including without limitation any
information contained in any Reports; provided that each Transferee and
prospective Transferee agrees to be bound by Section 9.11 of this Agreement.

         12.5. Tax Treatment. If any interest in any Loan Document is
transferred to any Transferee which is not incorporated under the laws of the
United States or any State thereof, the transferor Lender shall cause such
Transferee, concurrently with the effectiveness of such transfer, to comply with
the provisions of Section 3.5(iv).

                                  ARTICLE XIII
                                     NOTICES

         13.1. Notices. Except as otherwise permitted by Section 2.12 with
respect to borrowing notices, all notices, requests and other communications to
any party hereunder shall be in writing (including electronic transmission,
facsimile transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to such party: (x)
in the case of the Borrower, the Partnership the REIT or the Agent, at its
address or facsimile number set forth on the signature pages hereof, (y) in the
case of any Lender, at its address or facsimile number set forth below its
signature hereto or (z) in the case of any party, at such other address or
facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice
to the Agent and the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of this Section
13.1. Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if
given by facsimile transmission, when transmitted to the facsimile number
specified in this Section and confirmation of receipt is received, (ii) if given
by mail, 72 hours after such communication is deposited in the mails with first
class postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid, or (iii) if given by any other
means, when delivered (or, in the case of electronic transmission, received) at
the address specified in this Section; provided that notices to the Agent under
Article II shall not be effective until received.

         13.2. Change of Address. The Borrower, the Partnership the REIT, the
Agent and any Lender may each change the address for service of notice upon it
by a notice in writing to the other parties hereto.

                                   ARTICLE XIV
                                  COUNTERPARTS

         This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of
which taken together shall constitute one agreement, and any of the parties
hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. This
Agreement shall be effective when it has been



                                       49
<PAGE>

executed by the Borrower, the Partnership the REIT, the Agent, and the Lenders
and each party has notified the Agent by facsimile transmission or telephone
that it has taken such action.

                                   ARTICLE XV
          CHOICE OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

         15.1. CHOICE OF LAW. THE LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN THOSE CONTAINING A
CONTRARY EXPRESS CHOICE OF LAW PROVISION) SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS
APPLICABLE TO NATIONAL BANKS.

         15.2. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. THE BORROWER, THE PARTNERSHIP, AND THE
REIT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED
STATES FEDERAL OR NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK IN ANY
ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE
BORROWER, THE PARTNERSHIP AND THE REIT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS
IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH
COURT AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION THEY MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AS TO
THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT OR THAT
SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT OF THE
AGENT, OR ANY LENDER TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST THE BORROWER OR THE REIT IN
THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY THE BORROWER OR
THE REIT AGAINST THE AGENT, OR ANY LENDER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE AGENT, OR ANY
LENDER INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF,
RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN A COURT
IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK.

         15.3. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE BORROWER, THE PARTNERSHIP THE REIT, THE
AGENT, AND EACH LENDER HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING
INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT,
CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH
ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED THEREUNDER.




                                       50
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower, the Partnership, the REIT, the
Lenders and the Agent have executed this Agreement as of the date first above
written.


                                       Sun Financial Texas Limited Partnership,
                                       a Michigan limited partnership

                                       By:  Sun Texas QRS, Inc., a Michigan
                                            corporation, its general partner

                                            By:   /s/ Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Name:   Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                                 Title:  Chief Financial Officer


                                       Sun Financial Texas Limited Partnership
                                       31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145
                                       Farmington Hills, Michigan 48334
                                       Telecopier Number: (810) 932-3072
                                       Attention:  Jeffrey P. Jorissen

With a copy to:                        Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss
                                       One Woodward Avenue, Suite 2400
                                       Detroit, Michigan 48226
                                       Telecopier Number:  (313) 961-8358
                                       Attention: Arthur A. Weiss, Esq.




<PAGE>
                                       SUN FINANCIAL, LLC, a Michigan limited
                                       liability company

                                       By:  Sun Communities Operating Limited
                                            Partnership, a Michigan limited
                                            partnership, its member

                                            By:  Sun Communities, Inc., a
                                                 Maryland corporation, its
                                                 general partner

                                                 By:   /s/ Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                                      --------------------------
                                                      Name:  Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                                      Title: Chief Financial
                                                             Officer

                                       Sun Financial, LLC
                                       31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145
                                       Farmington Hills, Michigan 48334
                                       Telecopier Number:  (810) 932-3072
                                       Attention:  Jeffrey P. Jorissen

With a copy to:                        Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss
                                       One Woodward Avenue, Suite 2400
                                       Detroit, Michigan 48226
                                       Telecopier Number: (313) 961-8358
                                       Attention: Arthur A. Weiss, Esq.




<PAGE>

                                       SUN COMMUNITIES OPERATING LIMITED
                                       PARTNERSHIP


                                       By:  Sun Communities, Inc., its general
                                            partner

                                            By:   /s/ Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                                 Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                       Sun Communities Operating Limited
                                       Partnership
                                       31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145
                                       Farmington Hills, Michigan 48334
                                       Telecopier Number: (810) 932-3072
                                       Attention: Jeffrey P. Jorissen

With a copy to:                        Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss
                                       One Woodward Avenue, Suite 2400
                                       Detroit, Michigan 48226
                                       Telecopier Number: (313) 961-8358
                                       Attention: Arthur A. Weiss, Esq.


                                       SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.


                                       By:   /s/ Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                            Title: Chief Financial Officer

                                       Sun Communities, Inc.
                                       31700 Middlebelt Road, Suite 145
                                       Farmington Hills, Michigan 48334
                                       Telecopier Number: (810) 932-3072
                                       Attention: Jeffrey P. Jorissen

With a copy to:                        Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss
                                       One Woodward Avenue, Suite 2400
                                       Detroit, Michigan 48226
                                       Telecopier Number: (313) 961-8358
                                       Attention: Arthur A. Weiss, Esq.



<PAGE>

                                       Lehman Commercial Paper Inc.

                                       By:   /s/ Francis X. Gilhool
                                            --------------------------
                                            Name:  Francis X. Gilhool
                                            Title: Authorized Signatory


With a copy to:                        Lehman Commercial Paper Inc.
                                       745 Seventh Avenue, 16th Floor
                                       New York, New York 10019
                                       Telecopier Number: (212) 526-6643
                                       Attention: Diane Albanese

                                       Lehman Brothers Inc.
                                       399 Park Avenue, 8th Floor
                                       New York, New York 10022
                                       Telecopier Number: (646) 758-4672
                                       Attention: Thomas Buffa

With copy to:                          Thacher Proffitt & Wood
                                       11 West 42nd Street
                                       New York, New York 10036
                                       Telecopier Number: (212) 789-3500
                                       Attention: Mitchell G. Williams


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12.1
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>k74386exv12w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 12.1

                COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
                 AND RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES
                           AND PREFERRED DISTRIBUTIONS

         The ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the Company (including its
subsidiaries and majority-owned partnerships) presents the relationship of the
Company's earnings to its fixed charges. "Earnings" as used in the computation,
is based on the Company's net income from operations (which includes a charge to
income for depreciation and amortization expense) plus fixed charges. "Fixed
charges" is comprised of (i) interest charges, whether expensed or capitalized,
(ii) amortization of loan costs and discounts or premiums relating to
indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries and majority-owned
partnerships, excluding in all cases items which would be or are eliminated in
consolidation, and (iii) preferred stock or OP Unit distributions.

         The Company's ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges presents the
relationship of the Company's earnings (as defined above) to fixed charges (as
defined above).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                               ----------------------
                                        2002          2001             2000             1999             1998
                                                              (unaudited, in thousands)

         <S>                          <C>             <C>              <C>              <C>             <C>
         Earnings:
          Net income (before
          minority interest)          $39,745         $42,915          $40,985          $37,435         $32,054
          Add fixed charges
          other than capitalized
          interest                     31,926          31,016           29,651           27,289          23,987
                                      -------         -------          -------          -------         -------

                                      $71,633         $73,856          $70,547          $64,724         $56,041
                                      =======         =======          =======          ========        =======

         Fixed Charges:
          Interest expense            $32,375         $31,016          $29,651          $27,289         $23,987
          Less Hedging
          Transaction Valuation
          Adjustment                    (449)
          Preferred OP Unit
          Distribution                  7,803           8,131            7,826            3,663           2,505
          Capitalized interest          2,915           3,704            3,118            2,230           1,045
                                      -------         -------          -------          -------         -------
         Total fixed charges          $42,644         $42,851          $40,595          $33,182         $27,537
                                      =======         =======          =======          =======         =======
         Ratio of earnings to
          fixed charges                  1.68            1.73             1.74             1.95            2.03
                                      =======         =======          =======          =======         =======
</TABLE>



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>k74386exv21w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                             SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                      EXHIBIT 21.1 -- LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

         Main operating subsidiary:

Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

         Other subsidiaries (wholly-owned):

SCF Manager, Inc., a Michigan corporation

SCN Manager, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun Florida QRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun Secured Financing GP, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun QRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun Texas QRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun MHC Development, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

          Subsidiaries of Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership

8920 Associates, a Florida general partnership

Apple Orchard, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Arizona Finance L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Alpine Project, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Arbor Terrace, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership

Aspen-Bonita Lake Resort Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Aspen-Brentwood Project, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Byron Project, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Country Project, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Ft. Collins Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Aspen-Grand Project, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Holland Estates, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Indian Project Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Aspen-Paradise Park II Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Aspen-Siesta Bay Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Aspen-Silver Star II Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Aspen-Town & Country Associates II, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Bright Insurance Agency, Inc., a Michigan corporation



<PAGE>




                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                  EXHIBIT 21 -- LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, CONTINUED

Family Retreat, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Knollwood Estates Operating Company L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Meadow Lakes Development Company LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Miami Lakes Venture Associates, a Florida general partnership

Origen Financial, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company

Priority Entertainment L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

River Haven Operating Company L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

River Ridge Equities, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

River Ridge Investments, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Snowbird Concessions, Inc., a Texas corporation

Sun Cave Creek L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

SunChamp, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sunchamp Holdings, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Communities Acquisitions, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Communities Finance, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Communities Financial, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Communities Funding Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun Communities Secured Financing Houston Limited Partnership, a Michigan
limited partnership

Sun Communities Mezzanine Lender, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Communities Nevada GP L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Communities Nevada Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun Communities Texas Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun Communities Texas Mezzanine Lender Limited Partnership., a Michigan limited
partnership

Sun Communities Funding GP L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Financial, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Financial Texas Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun/Forest LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun/Forest Holdings LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun GP L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Home Services, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun Hunters Glen L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company



                                       ii
<PAGE>





                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                  EXHIBIT 21 -- LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, CONTINUED



Sun Life Associates Limited Partnership, an Arizona limited partnership

Sun Life Trailer Resort Limited Partnership, an Arizona limited partnership

Sun Oakcrest Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun Pheasant Ridge, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Pine Trace Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun River Ridge Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun Saddle Brook Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun Secured Financing, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

SUI TRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun TRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun Water Oak Golf, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun/York L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Woodside Terrace, Ltd., an Ohio limited liability company
















































                                      iii

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>k74386exv23w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1



         INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT

         We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
         Statements, on Form S-3 (File No. 333-54718, File No. 333-86237, File
         No. 333-64271, File No. 333-14595, File No. 333-45273, File No.
         333-72461, File No. 333-30462, File No. 333-72668, File No. 333-82392,
         File No. 333-19855, File No. 333-36541, File No. 333-1822 and File No.
         333-96769) and on Form S-8 (File No. 333-11923, File No. 333-82479,
         File No. 333-76400, and File No. 333-76398) of Sun Communities, Inc. of
         our report dated March 12, 2003 relating to the consolidated financial
         statements and financial statement schedule, which appears in this Form
         10-K.

         PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

         Detroit, Michigan
         March 28, 2003



         CONSENT OF GRANT THORNTON LLP

         We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration
         statements of Sun Communities, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-54718,
         File No. 333-86237, File No. 333-64271, File No. 333-14595, File No.
         333-45273, File No. 333-72461, File No. 333-30462, File No. 333-72668,
         File No. 333-82392, File No. 333-19855, File No. 333-36541, File No.
         333-1822 and File No. 333-96769) and on Form S-8 (File No. 333-11923,
         File No. 333-82479, File No. 333-76400, and File No. 333-76398) of our
         report dated March 7, 2003, except for note I, as to which the date is
         March 27, 2003, relating to the consolidated financial statements of
         Origen Financial L.L.C. which appear in this Annual Report on Form
         10-K.

         /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

         Southfield, Michigan
         March 27, 2003

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>k74386exv99w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

                CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
          (Adopted Under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

The undersigned officers, Gary A. Shiffman and Jeffrey P. Jorissen, hereby
certify that, to their knowledge: (a) this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sun
Communities, Inc., for the year ended December 31, 2002, fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended; and (b) the information contained in this Form 10-K fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the issuer.



         /s/ Gary A. Shiffman                            Dated: March 31, 2003
- --------------------------------------------
Gary A. Shiffman, Chief Executive Officer


         /s/ Jeffrey P. Jorissen                         Dated: March 31, 2003
- --------------------------------------------
Jeffrey P. Jorissen, Chief Financial Officer


A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to Sun Communities, Inc. and will be retained by Sun Communities, Inc.
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>k74386exv99w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.2


                             [JAFFERAITT LETTERHEAD]







William E. Sider
wsider@jafferaitt.com


                                 March 26, 2003


Sun Communities, Inc.
31700 Middlebelt, Suite 145
Farmington Hills, MI  48334
ATTENTION:  Mr. Jeffrey P. Jorissen

Dear Mr. Jorissen:

         We acted as counsel to Sun Communities, Inc., a Maryland corporation
(the "Company"), and Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, a Michigan
limited partnership (the "Partnership"), in connection with a variety of
transactions, including tax matters. In connection with the Company's Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2002 (the "Form 10-K") and the issuance of the
audit opinion in connection therewith, we are delivering this letter to you at
your request.

BASIS FOR OPINIONS

         The opinions set forth in this letter are based on relevant current
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"),
Treasury regulations thereunder (including proposed and temporary Treasury
regulations), and interpretations of the foregoing as expressed in court
decisions, legislative history, and administrative determinations of the
Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") (including its practices and policies in
issuing private letter rulings, which are not binding on the IRS, except with
respect to a taxpayer that receives such a ruling), all as of the date hereof.
These provisions and interpretations are subject to changes (which may apply
retroactively) that might result in material modifications of our opinions. Our
opinions do not foreclose the possibility of a contrary determination by the IRS
or a court of competent jurisdiction, or of a contrary position by the IRS or
the Treasury Department in regulations or rulings issued in the future. In this
regard, although we believe that our opinions set forth herein will be sustained
if challenged, an opinion of counsel with respect to an issue is not binding on
the IRS or the courts, and is not a guarantee that the IRS will not assert a
contrary position with respect to such issue or that a court will not sustain
such a position asserted by the IRS.

         In rendering the following opinions, we have examined such statutes,
regulations, records, certificates and other documents as we have considered
necessary or appropriate as a basis for such opinions, including (but not
limited to) the following: (1) the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the
Company, as amended through the date hereof; (2) the partnership agreement of
the Partnership and the form of partnership agreement or limited liability
company operating agreement, as applicable, used to organize and operate the
partnerships and limited liability

<PAGE>

Sun Communities, Inc.
March 26, 2003
Page 2


companies in which the Company owns an interest (the entities referred to in
this clause 2 are collectively referred to as the "Partnership Subsidiaries");
and (3) the organizational documents and stock ownership records of Sun Home
Services, Inc., a company in which the Partnership owns all of the outstanding
preferred stock ("SHS" and, together with the Partnership Subsidiaries and the
Company, the "Group Entities"). The opinions set forth in this letter also are
premised on certain written representations of the Company contained in a letter
to us of even date herewith (the "Management Representation Letter").


         We have made such legal and factual inquiries, including an examination
of the documents set forth above, as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for
purposes of rendering our opinion. For purposes of rendering our opinion,
however, we have not made an independent investigation or audit of the facts set
forth in the above referenced documents. We consequently have relied upon the
representations in the Management Representation Letter that the information
presented in such documents or otherwise furnished to us is accurate and have
assumed that the information presented in such documents or otherwise furnished
to us is accurate and complete in all material respects. We are not aware,
however, of any material facts or circumstances contrary to, or inconsistent
with, the representations we have relied upon as described herein or other
assumptions set forth herein. Finally, our opinion is limited to the tax matters
specifically covered herein, and we have not addressed, nor have we been asked
to address, any other tax matters relevant to the Company.

         In connection with our opinion, we have assumed, with your consent:

         (1)      that all of the representations and statements set forth in
                  the documents (including, without limitation, the Management
                  Representation Letter) we reviewed are true and correct, and
                  all of the obligations imposed by any such documents on the
                  parties thereto, including obligations imposed under the
                  Company's articles of incorporation, have been and will be
                  performed or satisfied in accordance with their terms;

         (2)      the genuineness of all signatures, the proper execution of all
                  documents, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us
                  as originals, the conformity to originals of documents
                  submitted to us as copies, and the authenticity of the
                  originals from which any copies were made;

         (3)      that each of the Group Entities has been and will continue to
                  be operated in the manner described in the relevant
                  partnership agreement, articles (or certificate) of
                  incorporation or other organizational documents and in the
                  Management Representation Letter; and


         (4)      that the Company is a validly organized and duly incorporated
                  corporation under the laws of the State of Maryland, that each
                  of the Partnership Subsidiaries is a duly organized and
                  validly existing partnership or limited liability company, as
                  the case

<PAGE>

Sun Communities, Inc.
March 26, 2003
Page 3



                  may be, under the applicable laws of the state in which it is
                  purported to be organized, and that SHS is a validly organized
                  and duly incorporated corporation under the laws of Michigan.

OPINION

         Based upon, subject to, and limited by the assumptions and
qualifications set forth herein, we are of the opinion that the Company has been
organized and has operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification
as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") under the Code for its taxable years
ended December 31, 1994, through December 31, 2002, and the Company's current
and proposed method of operation (as described in the Management Representation
Letter) will enable it to continue to meet the requirements for qualification
and taxation as a REIT under the Code.

         We assume no obligation to advise you of any change in our opinions or
of any new developments in the application or interpretation of the federal
income tax laws subsequent to the date of this opinion letter. The Company's
qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon the Company's ability to meet
on a continuing basis, through actual annual operating and other results, the
various requirements under the Code with regard to, among other things, the
sources of its gross income, the composition of its assets, the level of its
distributions to stockholders, and the diversity of its stock ownership. We will
not review the Company's compliance with these requirements on a continuing
basis. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the actual results of the
operations of the Company and the other Group Entities, the sources of their
income, the nature of their assets, the level of the Company's distributions to
its stockholders and the diversity of the Company's stock ownership for any
given taxable year will satisfy the requirements under the Code for
qualification and taxation as a REIT.


         This opinion letter has been prepared solely for your use in connection
with the Form 10-K and speaks only as of the date hereof. This opinion may not
be relied upon by you or any other person other than in connection with the Form
10-K. We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 99.2 to
the Form 10-K. In giving this consent, however, we do not admit thereby that we
are an "expert" within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                                   Sincerely,

                           JAFFE, RAITT, HEUER & WEISS
                            Professional Corporation

                              /s/ William E. Sider

                                William E. Sider




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>k74386exv99w3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF ORIGEN FINANCIAL
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.3


FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

DECEMBER 31, 2002


<PAGE>

                                    CONTENTS



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                      PAGE
<S>                                                                                                  <C>
Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants..................................................    3

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    Consolidated Balance Sheet - December 31, 2002..................................................    4

    Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year
        ended - December 31, 2002...................................................................    5

    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Members'
        Capital for the year ended - December 31, 2002..............................................    6

    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year
        ended - December 31, 2002...................................................................    7

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements......................................................    8
</TABLE>



<PAGE>

               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS



To the Board of Directors
Origen Financial, L.L.C.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Origen Financial,
L.L.C. as of December 31, 2002 and the related consolidated statements of
operations, changes in members' capital and cash flows for the year then ended.
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Origen
Financial, L.L.C. as of December 31, 2002 and the consolidated results of its
operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2002, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.


/S/ GRANT THORNTON LLP


Southfield, Michigan
March 7, 2003, except for note I, as to
  which the date is March 27, 2003


<PAGE>


                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                          <C>
                                                               ASSETS
ASSETS
     Cash and equivalents                                                                        $     257
     Restricted cash                                                                                 2,799
     Loans receivable, net of allowance for losses                                                 173,764
     Loan sale proceeds receivable                                                                   3,905
     Servicing advances                                                                              8,863
     Retained interests in loan securitizations                                                      5,833
     Furniture, fixtures and equipment, net                                                          2,448
     Servicing rights                                                                                7,327
     Goodwill                                                                                       18,332
     Repossessed homes                                                                               2,863
     Other assets                                                                                    1,357
                                                                                                 ---------
                Total assets                                                                      $227,748
                                                                                                 =========

                                                   LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS' CAPITAL
LIABILITIES
     Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                       $   8,093
     Recourse liability                                                                             13,320
     Advances under repurchase agreements                                                          141,085
     Notes payable                                                                                  54,946
                                                                                                 ---------
                Total liabilities                                                                  217,444
                                                                                                 =========

MEMBERS' CAPITAL:
     Contributed capital                                                                            39,106
     Retained earnings (deficit)                                                                   (28,802)
                                                                                                 ---------
                Total members' capital                                                              10,304
                                                                                                 ---------
                Total liabilities and members' capital                                           $ 227,748
                                                                                                 =========
</TABLE>










   THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                        4


<PAGE>


                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002



<TABLE>
<S>                                                                    <C>
REVENUES
     Interest income on loans                                          $  9,963
     Loan servicing fees                                                  7,672
     Gain on sale and securitization of loans                             2,719
     Other income                                                            31
                                                                       --------
                Total revenues                                           20,385

COSTS AND EXPENSES
     Interest expense                                                     5,935
     Provision for credit losses and recourse liability                  16,092
     Write down of residual interest                                      2,084
     Compensation and benefits                                           16,830
     General and administrative                                           4,987
     Reorganization costs                                                 1,554
     Other operating expenses                                             2,090
                                                                       --------
                Total costs and expenses                                 49,572
                                                                       --------
                Net loss                                               $(29,187)
                                                                       ========
</TABLE>



   THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                        5


<PAGE>


                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS' CAPITAL
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        RETAINED         TOTAL
                                        CONTRIBUTED     EARNINGS        MEMBERS'
                                          CAPITAL       (DEFICIT)       CAPITAL
                                        ----------      --------       --------
<S>                                     <C>             <C>            <C>
Balance, December 31, 2001               $ 39,457       $    385       $ 39,842

Recapitalization costs                       (351)          --             (351)

Net loss                                     --          (29,187)       (29,187)
                                         --------       --------       --------
Balance, December 31, 2002               $ 39,106       $(28,802)      $ 10,304
                                         ========       ========       ========
</TABLE>


   THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                        6


<PAGE>


                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS' CAPITAL
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002


<TABLE>
<S>                                                                              <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
     Net loss                                                                    $ (29,187)
     Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net
         cash used in operating activities:
               Provision for credit losses and recourse liability                   15,995
               Impairment of residual interest                                       2,084
               Impairment of deferred purchase price receivable                        708
               Depreciation and amortization                                         2,984
               Originations and purchase of loans held for sale                   (209,533)
               Principal collections on loans held for sale                         16,415
               Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale                           129,088
               Proceeds from deferred purchase price receivable                      1,110
               Gain on sale and securitization of loans                             (2,677)
               Decrease in other assets                                                127
               Increase in other liabilities                                         1,390
                                                                                 ---------
                    Net cash used in operating activities                          (71,496)

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Capital expenditures                                                           (1,480)
                                                                                 ---------
                    Net cash used in investing activities                           (1,480)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Proceeds from advances under repurchase agreements                            154,730
     Repayment of advances under repurchase agreements                            (119,210)
     Proceeds from advances on note payable                                        311,236
     Repayment of note payable                                                    (273,724)
                                                                                 ---------
Net cash provided by financing activities                                           73,032
                                                                                 ---------
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                               56

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                                       201
                                                                                 ---------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year                                       $     257
                                                                                 =========
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
     Interest paid                                                               $   5,911
                                                                                 =========
</TABLE>





   THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                        7


<PAGE>


                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

NATURE OF OPERATIONS

The Company's principal operations involve origination, underwriting,
securitization or sale, and servicing of manufactured home loans.

The Company's manufactured home loans are generally conventionally amortizing
loans that range in amount from $10,000 to $100,000 and have terms of seven to
30 years. The Company also provides warranty and disability insurance through
one of its subsidiaries.

The Company generally sells, securitizes or places the manufactured home loans
it originates with institutional investors and retains the rights to service
loans sold on behalf of those investors.

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts and transactions of
the Company and its subsidiaries. Significant intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

Interest and origination fee revenue from loans receivable is recognized using
the interest method. Certain loan origination costs on loans receivable are
deferred and amortized using the interest method over the term of the related
loans as a reduction of interest income on loans. The accrual of interest on
loans receivable is discontinued at the time a loan is determined to be
impaired. Servicing fees are recognized when earned.

The Company periodically sells loans either as whole loans or through
securitizations. Estimated gains or losses from such sales or securitizations
are recognized in the period in which the sale or securitization occurs. In
determining the gain or loss on each qualifying sale of loans receivable, the
Company's investment in each loan pool is allocated between the portion sold and
any retained interests based on their relative fair values at the date of sale.
The retained interests include interest-only strips, restricted cash held by
securitization trusts, recourse liabilities and servicing rights.


                                        8


<PAGE>


                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

USE OF ESTIMATES IN THE PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period, including significant estimates regarding
allowances for loan losses, recourse liabilities, impairment of retained
interests and goodwill. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

Cash and cash equivalents represent short-term highly liquid investments with
original maturities of three months or less and include cash and interest
bearing deposits at banks. The Company has restricted cash related to loans
serviced for others that is held in trust for subsequent payment to the owners
of those loans.

LOANS RECEIVABLE

Loans receivable consist of manufactured home loans and floor plan loans.
Manufactured home loans are primarily conventional fixed rate loans under
contracts collateralized by the borrowers' manufactured homes. All loans
receivable are held for sale and are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or
fair value. Interest on loans is credited to income when earned. Loans
receivable include accrued interest and are presented net of deferred loan
origination costs and an allowance for estimated loan losses.

Loan origination fees and certain direct loan origination costs are deferred and
recognized over the lives of the related loans as an adjustment of the yields
using a level-yield method.


                                        9


<PAGE>

                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES

The allowance for possible credit losses is maintained at a level believed
adequate by management to absorb potential losses in the Company's loan
portfolio. The Company's loan portfolio is comprised of homogenous manufactured
home loans with average loan balances of less than $50,000. The allowance for
credit losses is determined at a portfolio level and computed by applying loss
rate factors to the loan portfolio on a stratified basis using current portfolio
performance and delinquency levels (0-30 days, 31-60 days, 61-90 days and more
than 90 days delinquent). The Company's loss rate factors are based on the
Company's historical loan loss experience and are adjusted for economic
conditions and other trends affecting borrowers' ability to repay and estimated
collateral value. Loans are considered impaired and accrual of interest is
discontinued when a loan becomes more than 90 days past due. These homogeneous
loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Impaired loans, or portions
thereof, are charged off when deemed uncollectible. The allowance for credit
losses represents an unallocated allowance. There are no elements of the
allowance allocated to specific individual loans or to impaired loans.

SERVICING RIGHTS

The Company accounts for loan servicing rights related to originated and sold
loans by recognizing a separate servicing asset or liability. Management is
required to make complex judgments when establishing the assumptions used in
determining fair values of servicing assets. The fair value of servicing assets
is determined by calculating the present value of estimated future net servicing
cash flows, using assumptions of prepayments, defaults, servicing costs and
discount rates that the Company believes market participants would use for
similar assets. These assumptions are reviewed on a monthly basis and changed
based on actual and expected performance.

The Company stratifies its servicing assets based on the predominant risk
characteristics of the underlying loans, which are loan type, interest rate and
loan size. Servicing assets are amortized in proportion to and over the expected
servicing period.

The carrying amount of loan servicing rights is assessed for impairment by
comparison to fair value and a valuation allowance is established through a
charge to earnings in the event the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. Fair
value is estimated based on the present value of expected future cash flows and
periodically by independent appraisal. There was no valuation allowance
recognized at December 31, 2002.



                                       10

<PAGE>


                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

RETAINED INTERESTS IN LOAN SECURITIZATIONS

Retained interests are carried at estimated fair value, which is determined by
discounting the projected cash flows over the expected life of the receivables
sold, using current prepayment, default, loss and interest rate assumptions.
Changes in the fair value of retained interests are recorded as a component of
other comprehensive income unless there has been a decline in value that is
other than temporary. Under current accounting rules (pursuant to Emerging
Issues Task Force Consensus Number 99-20) declines in value of the Company's
retained interests are considered other than temporary and recognized in
earnings when: (i) the fair value of the retained interest is less than its
initial value at the time of securitization; and (ii) the timing and/or amount
of cash expected to be received has changed adversely from the previous
valuation which determined the carrying value of the retained interest. When
declines in value considered to be other than temporary occur, the amortized
cost is reduced to fair value and a loss is recognized in the statement of
operations. The assumptions used to determine new values are based on internal
evaluations and consultations with advisors having significant experience in
valuing such retained interests.

REPOSSESSED HOMES

Manufactured homes acquired through foreclosure or similar proceedings are
recorded at the lesser of the related loan balance plus any operating expenses
of such homes or the estimated fair value of the home.

OTHER ASSETS

Other assets are comprised of prepaid expenses, deferred financing costs, and
other miscellaneous receivables. Prepaid expenses are amortized over the
expected service period. Deferred financing costs are capitalized and amortized
over the life of the corresponding obligation.

LOAN SALE PROCEEDS RECEIVABLE

The loan sale proceeds receivable relates to the sale of approximately $114.4
million principal balance of manufactured home loans. The loans were sold with
recourse and with a deferred proceeds component equal to 1.5% of the outstanding
principal balance at the time of sale. The Company receives on a monthly basis
..125% (an annual rate of 1.5% divided by 12) of the outstanding principal
balance of eligible loans (loans on which a payment was received from the
obligor during the month). The deferred loan sale proceeds receivable is
assessed for impairment on a periodic basis based on the fair value of the
receivable calculated on a discounted basis.




                                       11


<PAGE>

                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

LOANS SOLD UNDER AGREEMENTS TO REPURCHASE

The Company enters into loan sales under agreements to repurchase the loans. The
agreements are short-term and are accounted for as secured borrowings. The
obligations to repurchase the loans sold are reflected as a liability and the
loans that collateralize the agreements are reflected as assets in the balance
sheet.

DEPRECIATION

Provisions for depreciation are computed using the straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives of office properties and equipment, as follows: leasehold
improvements -- life of the lease; furniture and fixtures -- seven years;
computers -- five years; capitalized software -- three years.

INCOME TAXES

No procedure for income taxes is included in the accompanying financial
statements as the Company's results of operations are passed through to its
members for inclusion in their respective income tax returns.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The Company may periodically use derivative instruments, including forward sales
of U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. Treasury rate locks and forward interest rate
swaps to mitigate interest rate risk related to its loans receivable and
anticipated sales or securitizations. The Company follows the provisions of
Statement of Financial Accounting No. 133 ("SFAS 133"), "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities". Under SFAS 133, all derivative
instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value and changes in fair
value will be recorded in current earnings or other comprehensive income,
depending on whether a derivative instrument qualifies for hedge accounting and,
if so, whether the hedge transaction represents a fair value or cash flow hedge.

Hedges will be measured for effectiveness both at inception and on an ongoing
basis, and hedge accounting will be terminated if a derivative instrument ceases
to be effective as a hedge or its designation as a hedge is terminated. In the
event of termination of a hedge, any gains or losses during the period that a
derivative instrument qualified as a hedge will be recognized as a component of
the hedged item and subsequent gains or losses will be recognized in earnings.
Derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting will
be carried at fair value and changes in fair value will recognized currently in
earnings. There were no derivative instruments used during 2002 or designated as
hedges at December 31, 2002.




                                       12


<PAGE>

                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

In November 2002, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 45 (FIN 45), "Guarantor's
Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect
Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others", which addresses the disclosure to be made
by a guarantor in its interim and annual financial statements about its
obligations under guarantees. FIN 45 requires the guarantor to recognize a
liability for the non-contingent component of the guarantee. This is the
obligation to stand ready to perform in the event that specified triggering
events or conditions occur. The initial measurement of this liability is the
fair value of the guarantee at inception. The recognition of the liability is
required even if it is not probable that payments will be required under the
guarantee or if the guarantee was issued with a premium payment or as part of a
transaction with multiple events. The initial recognition and measurement
provisions are effective for all guarantees within the scope of FIN 45 issued or
modified after December 31, 2002. The impact of adoption is not expected to have
a significant impact on the Company's financial reporting.

In June 2002, the FASB issued Statement No.146 (SFAS 146), "Accounting for Costs
Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities". This Statement addresses financial
accounting and reporting for costs associated with exit or disposal activities
and nullifies Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) Issue No. 94-3, Liability
Recognition for Certain Employee Termination Benefits and Other Costs to Exit an
Activity. This Statement requires that a liability for a cost associated with an
exit or disposal activity be recognized and measured initially at fair value
only when the liability is incurred. SFAS 146 is effective for exit or disposal
activities that are initiated after December 31, 2002, and the Company does not
anticipate the provisions of this statement to have a material impact on the
Company's reported results of operations, financial positions, or cash flows.

NOTE B - LOANS RECEIVABLE

The carrying amounts and fair value of loans receivable at December 31, 2002
consisted of the following (in thousands):


<TABLE>
<S>                                                                             <C>
                           Manufactured home loans                              $177,828
                           Floor plan loans                                          452
                           Accrued interest receivable                             1,044
                           Deferred fees                                          (2,817)
                           Allowance for loan loss                                (2,743)
                                                                                --------
                                                                                $173,764
                                                                                ========
</TABLE>



                                       13


<PAGE>


                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE B - LOANS RECEIVABLE (CONTINUED)

The following table sets forth the average loan balance, weighted average loan
yield and weighted average initial term at December 31, 2002 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                             <C>
                           Principal balance loans receivable                   $177,828
                           Number loans receivable                                 4,067
                           Average loan balance                                       44
                           Weighted average loan yield                            10.34%
                           Weighted average initial term                        23 years
</TABLE>

The following table sets forth the concentration by state of the manufactured
home loan portfolio at December 31, 2002 (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  PRINCIPAL
                                                                   BALANCE           PERCENT
                                                                   --------          --------
<S>                                                               <C>                <C>
                  California                                       $ 29,883             16.8%
                  Texas                                              27,196             15.3%
                  Alabama                                            11,320              6.4%
                  Oklahoma                                            9,082              5.1%
                  Michigan                                            8,876              5.0%
                  Mississippi                                         8,385              4.7%
                  New York                                            8,804              4.9%
                  Georgia                                             7,913              4.5%
                  Other                                              66,369             37.3%
                                                                   --------            -----
                           Total                                   $177,828            100.0%
                                                                  =========            =====
</TABLE>

The manufactured home contracts are collateralized by manufactured homes that
were built between the years 1973 and 2003, with approximately 85.1% of the
manufactured homes built since 1999.


                                       14
<PAGE>

                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE B - LOANS RECEIVABLE (CONTINUED)

The following table sets forth the number and value of loans for various terms
for the manufactured home loan portfolio at December 31, 2002 (dollars in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        NUMBER OF      PRINCIPAL
                                                         LOANS          BALANCE
                                                        --------       ---------
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>
                  5 or less                                    9        $     83
                  6-10                                       201           3,971
                  11-12                                       41             888
                  13-15                                      914          24,576
                  16-20                                    1,470          61,801
                  21-25                                      695          38,229
                  26-30                                      737          48,280
                                                        --------        --------
                           Total                           4,067        $177,828
                                                        ========        ========
</TABLE>

Delinquency statistics for the manufactured home loan portfolio at December 31,
2002 are as follows (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       NO. OF     PRINCIPAL       % OF
                                                       LOANS       BALANCE      PORTFOLIO
                                                       -----       -------      ---------
<S>                                                  <C>         <C>           <C>
                  Days delinquent
                  31-60                                 45          $1,789        1.0%
                  61-90                                 39           1,418        0.8%
                  Greater than 90                       96           4,309        2.4%
</TABLE>

The Company defines non-performing loans as those loans that are 90 or more days
delinquent in contractual principal payments. For the year ended December 31,
2002 the average outstanding principal balance of non-performing loans was
approximately $3.2 million.

                                       15


<PAGE>

                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002




NOTE C - ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES AND RECOURSE LIABILITY

The allowance for credit losses and related additions and deductions to the
allowance for the year ended December 31, 2002 were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                  <C>
                  Balance at beginning of year                                       $  1,764
                  Provision for loan losses                                             2,914
                  Transfers from recourse liability                                     6,971
                  Gross chargeoffs                                                    (17,414)
                  Recoveries                                                            8,508
                                                                                     --------
                  Balance at end of year                                             $  2,743
                                                                                     ========
</TABLE>

The recourse liability and related additions and transfers out of the recourse
liability for the year ended December 31, 2002 were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                  <C>
                  Balance at beginning of year                                       $  7,860
                  Additional recourse agreements                                           25
                  Provision for recourse liability                                     13,178
                  Reimbursements for losses per recourse
                    agreements                                                           (772)
                  Transfers to allowance for credit losses                             (6,971)
                                                                                    ---------
                  Balance at end of year                                            $  13,320
                                                                                    =========
</TABLE>

NOTE D - GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

In July 2001, the FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") 141,
"Business Combinations" and SFAS 142 "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets".
SFAS 141 requires, among other things, that the purchase method of accounting
for business combinations be used for all business combinations initiated after
September 30, 2001. SFAS 142 addresses the accounting for goodwill and other
intangible assets subsequent to their acquisition.

The Company's recorded goodwill resulted at the time of the formation of the
Company. Under an investment agreement and merger agreement entered into on
December 18, 2001, SUI TRS, Inc., Shiffman Family LLC and Woodward Holding made
capital contributions totaling $40 million to the Company and Bingham Financial
Services Corporation ("Bingham") contributed the net assets of its operating
subsidiary Origen Financial, Inc. At the time of Bingham's contribution, Origen
Financial, Inc. had net liabilities totaling $19.2 million for which Bingham
received a 20% interest in the net assets and profits of the Company,
effectively resulting in a purchase price in excess of interest received. Under
the provisions of SFAS 141 the newly formed entity, Origen Financial, L.L.C.,
allocated $900,000 of the excess to capitalized servicing rights and $18.3
million to goodwill.


                                       16


<PAGE>


                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002


NOTE D - GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

The provisions of SFAS 142 require the Company to test its recorded goodwill for
impairment on an annual basis. For purposes of testing impairment, the Company
has determined that it is a single reporting unit and the goodwill was allocated
accordingly. The initial and ongoing estimate of the fair value of the Company
is based on assumptions and projections provided by the Company. This amount was
then compared to the net book value of the Company. As a result of this process
the Company concluded that there was no impairment at the time of the Company's
formation or at December 31, 2002.

NOTE E - MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS

Changes in servicing rights for the year ended December 31, 2002 are summarized
as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                  <C>
                  Balance at beginning of period                                     $  7,755
                  Loans sold and securitized                                            1,099
                  Amortization                                                         (1,527)
                                                                                     --------
                  Balance at end of year                                             $  7,327
                                                                                     ========
</TABLE>

The Company services the manufactured home loans it originates and holds in its
loan portfolio as well as manufactured home loans it originated and securitized
or sold with the servicing rights retained. The principal balances of
manufactured home loans serviced totaled approximately $1.1 billion at December
31, 2002. The estimated fair value of loan servicing rights was approximately
$7.3 million at December 31, 2002.

NOTE F - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment at December 31, 2002 are summarized as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                    <C>
                  Furniture and fixtures                                               $1,381
                  Leasehold improvements                                                  207
                  Capitalized software                                                    303
                  Computer equipment                                                    1,354
                                                                                       ------
                                                                                        3,245
                  Less:  accumulated depreciation                                         797
                                                                                      -------
                                                                                      $ 2,448
                                                                                      =======
</TABLE>

Depreciation expense was approximately $817,000 for the year ended December 31,
2002.



                                       17



<PAGE>

                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE G - RETAINED INTERESTS IN LOAN SECURITIZATIONS

Periodically the Company securitizes manufactured home loans. Under the current
legal structure of the securitization program, the Company sells manufactured
home loans it originates and purchases to a trust for cash. The trust sells
asset-backed bonds secured by the loans to investors. The Company records
certain assets and income based upon the difference between all principal and
interest received from the loans sold and the following factors: (i) all
principal and interest required to be passed through to the asset-backed bond
investors, (ii) all excess contractual servicing fees, (iii) other recurring
fees and (iv) an estimate of losses on loans.

The Company retains the right to service the loans it securitizes. Fees for
servicing the loans are based on a contractual percentage per annum ranging from
..5% to 1.25% of the unpaid principal balance of the associated loans. The
Company recognizes a servicing asset in addition to its gain on sale of loans.
The servicing asset is calculated as the present value of the expected future
net servicing income in excess of adequate compensation for a substitute
servicer, based on common industry assumptions and the company's historical
experience. These factors include default and prepayment speeds.

The Company follows the provisions of SFAS 140, "Accounting for Transfers and
Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities" in the
valuation of its residual interests. Certain data and the key economic
assumptions used in measuring the retained interests at December 31, 2002
resulting from the securitization completed in March 2002 were as follows
(dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                      <C>
         Number of transactions completed                                                       1
         Aggregate balance of certificates issued                                        $129,600
         Aggregate principal balance of contracts sold                                   $135,000
         Balance of securitized loans outstanding at December 31,                        $124,540
         Weighted average interest rate of loans securitized and sold                      10.74%
         Aggregate amount of net gain recognized                                         $ 2,677

         ORIGINAL KEY ECONOMIC ASSUMPTIONS
         Prepayment speed                                                                150% MHP
         Weighted average life (months)                                                       293
         Discount rate                                                                     15.00%
         Expected credit losses                                                            10.04%
</TABLE>



                                       18


<PAGE>


                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE G - RETAINED INTERESTS IN LOAN  SECURITIZATIONS (CONTINUED)

At December 31, 2002, the effect on the estimated fair value of the retained
interests in securitizations to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes to the key
economic assumptions used in those valuations are as follows (dollars in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                      <C>
         Residual interest in loans sold                                                  $ 5,833
         Servicing asset                                                                    1,003
                                                                                          -------
         Carrying value (fair value) of retained interests                                $ 6,836
                                                                                          =======
         Prepayment speed                                                                150% MHP
              Impact of 10% adverse change                                                $(0.34)
              Impact of 20% adverse change                                                $(0.67)
         Expected credit losses                                                            10.04%
              Impact of 10% adverse change                                                $(1.0)
              Impact of 20% adverse change                                                $(1.7)
         Discount rate                                                                     15.00%
              Impact of 10% adverse change                                                $(0.55)
              Impact of 20% adverse change                                                $(1.1)
</TABLE>

The sensitivity analysis is hypothetical. Changes in fair value based on a 10%
variation in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the
relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be
linear. In addition, the effect of a variation in a particular assumption on the
fair value of the retained interest is calculated without changing any other
assumption, when in reality, changes in any one factor may result in changes in
another factor.

The following table summarizes certain cash flow activity with respect to the
securitization done in March 2002 for the year ended December 31, 2002 (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                   <C>
              Proceeds from securitization                                            $   127,636
              Servicing fees received                                                 $     1,091
</TABLE>

Total principal balance of loans serviced at December 31, 2002 which were
securitized in March 2002, was approximately $124.5 million. Delinquency
statistics on those loans at December 31, 2002 were as follows (dollars in
thousands):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  NO. OF         PRINCIPAL        % OF
                                                                   LOANS          BALANCE       PORTFOLIO
                                                                  ------          -------       ---------
<S>                                                               <C>          <C>             <C>
                  Days delinquent
                  31-60                                              55           $2,463          2.0%
                  61-90                                              24           $1,199          1.0%
                  Greater than 90                                    58           $2,631          2.1%
</TABLE>



                                       19

<PAGE>


                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE G - RETAINED INTERESTS IN LOAN  SECURITIZATIONS (CONTINUED)

Changes to the Company's retained interests for the year ended December 31, 2002
were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                  <C>
                  Balance at beginning of year                                       $      -
                  New retained interest recorded                                        7,917
                  Other than temporary impairment during year                          (2,084)
                                                                                     --------
                  Balance at end of year                                             $  5,833
                                                                                     ========
</TABLE>

The Company will assess the carrying value of the residual receivables for
impairment on a monthly basis. There can be no assurance that the Company's
estimates used to determine the residual receivable and the servicing asset
valuations will remain appropriate for the life of the securitization. If actual
loan prepayments or defaults exceed the Company's estimates, the carrying value
of the Company's residual receivable and/or servicing asset may decrease through
a charge against earnings in the period management recognizes the disparity.

NOTE H - DEBT

Total debt outstanding at December 31, 2002 was as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                  <C>
                  Loans sold under agreements to repurchase                          $141,085
                  Line of credit and term loan, net of discount                        51,060
                  Notes payable - servicing advances                                    3,886
                                                                                     --------
                                                                                     $196,031
                                                                                     ========
</TABLE>

REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS - In December 2001, Credit Suisse First Boston Mortgage
Capital and the Company, through its special purpose subsidiary Origen Special
Holdings, LLC entered into a master loan repurchase agreement. Under the
agreement, the Company contributes manufactured home loans it originates or
purchases to Origen Special Holdings, Origen Special Holdings then transfers the
manufactured home loans to Credit Suisse First Boston against the transfer of
funds from Credit Suisse First Boston and Origen Special Holdings transfers the
funds to the Company for operations. The maximum financing limit on the facility
is $150.0 million. The annual interest rate on the facility is a variable rate
equal to LIBOR plus a spread. The loans are financed on the facility at varying
advance rates on the lesser of the then current face value or market value of
the loans. The advance rates depend on the characteristics of the loans
financed. The facility was set to terminate on May 28, 2002, but was extended
and will now terminate on May 27, 2003. At December 31, 2002, the aggregate
amount advanced by Credit Suisse First Boston under the facility was $141.1
million.



                                       20


<PAGE>

                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE H - DEBT (CONTINUED)

LINE OF CREDIT AND TERM LOAN - The Company currently has a line of credit
extended by Sun Home Services, Inc. During 2002 the agreement was amended
several times, increasing the borrowing limit from $21.25 million to $48.0
million. The original loan agreement was entered into with Sun Communities
Operating Limited Partnership ("Sun Communities") and on December 30, 2002 Sun
Communities assigned its interest in the agreement to Sun Home Services, Inc., a
subsidiary of which Sun Communities owns 100% of the preferred stock. The line
of credit is set to terminate on December 31, 2003, but extendable through
December 31, 2004 upon the occurrence of certain events. The outstanding balance
on the facility bears interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 700 basis points, with a
minimum interest rate of 11% and a maximum interest rate of 15%. The line of
credit is subordinate and at all times junior in right to payment in full of all
senior debt, including indebtedness under the Company's repurchase facility. The
line of credit is collateralized by a security interest in substantially all of
the Company's assets. At December 31, 2002, the outstanding balance on the line
of credit was approximately $41.1 million.

On December 4, 2002 the Company entered into a $10.0 term loan with Sun
Communities. On December 30, 2002 Sun Communities assigned its interest in the
agreement to Sun Home Services, Inc. The term loan is set to terminate on
December 31, 2003, but extendable through December 31, 2004 upon the occurrence
of certain events. The outstanding balance bears interest at a rate of LIBOR
plus 700 basis points, with a minimum interest rate of 11% and a maximum
interest rate of 15%. The term loan is subordinate and at all times junior in
right to payment in full of all senior debt, including indebtedness under the
Company's repurchase facility. The term loan is collateralized by a security
interest in substantially all of the Company's assets. At December 31, 2002, the
outstanding balance on the term loan was $10.0 million.

NOTES PAYABLE - SERVICING ADVANCES - On July 25, 2002 the Company entered into a
revolving credit facility with Bank One, NA to replace a facility with Standard
Federal Bank which was terminated on June 30, 2002. Under the new facility the
Company can borrow up to $8.0 million for the purpose of funding required
principal, interest, taxes and insurance advances on manufactured home loans
that are serviced for outside investors. Borrowings under the facility are
repaid upon the collection by the Company of monthly payments made by borrowers
under such manufactured home loans. A negotiated interest rate is payable on the
outstanding balance. To secure the loan from Bank One, the Company has granted
Bank One a security interest in substantially all its assets. The facility has a
termination date of May 31, 2003. At December 31, 2002, the aggregate amount
advanced by Bank One under the facility was $3.9 million.



                                       21


<PAGE>

                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE H - DEBT (CONTINUED)

The average balance and average interest rate of outstanding debt for the year
ended December 31, 2002 was as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         AVERAGE       AVERAGE
                                                                         BALANCE         RATE
                                                                         -------         ----
<S>                                                                      <C>           <C>
                  Loans sold under agreement to repurchase               $80,342          2.5%
                  Term loan, net of discount                              26,637         11.0%
                  Note payable - servicing advances                        1,543          3.8%
</TABLE>

NOTE I - LIQUIDITY RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES AND SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company has sustained losses from operations since its inception, and has
used, rather than provided, cash in its operations. The risks associated with
the Company's business become more acute in any economic slowdown or recession.
Periods of economic slowdown or recession may be accompanied by decreased demand
for consumer credit and declining asset values. In the manufactured housing
business, any material decline in collateral values increases the loan-to-value
ratios of loans previously made, thereby weakening collateral coverage and
increasing the size of losses in the event of default. Delinquencies,
foreclosures and losses generally increase during economic slowdowns or
recessions. Proposed changes to the federal bankruptcy laws applicable to
individuals would make it more difficult for borrowers to seek bankruptcy
protection, and the prospect of these changes may encourage certain borrowers to
seek bankruptcy protection before the law changes become effective, thereby
increasing defaults. For the Company's finance customers, loss of employment,
increases in cost-of-living or other adverse economic conditions would impair
their ability to meet their payment obligations. Higher industry inventory
levels of repossessed manufactured homes may affect recovery rates and result in
future impairment charges and provision for losses. In addition, in an economic
slowdown or recession, servicing and litigation costs generally increase. Any
sustained period of increased delinquencies, foreclosures, losses or increased
costs would adversely affect the Company's financial condition and results of
operations.

As of December 31, 2002 the Company was in violation of certain of the loan
covenants related to its repurchase facility with Credit Suisse First Boston.
Upon agreement from Credit Suisse First Boston the Company was allowed to
continue funding loans on the facility until January 28, 2003 at which time the
Company had reached the maximum funding amount on the facility. After January
28, 2003 the Company's new loan production was funded on its other existing loan
facilities. On March 24, 2003 the Company received a waiver of the loan covenant
violations and renegotiated the maximum funding limit on the repurchase facility
through May 27, 2003, the expiration date of the facility. The Company is
currently negotiating with Credit Suisse First Boston to extend its repurchase
facility in order to provide the Company with sufficient liquidity to continue
its loan origination activities.

                                       22


<PAGE>

                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE I - LIQUIDITY RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES AND SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (CONTINUED)

In order to free up funding capacity on its repurchase facility, on March 27,
2003 the Company entered into a one-year term loan agreement with Salomon
Brothers Realty Corporation ("Salomon Brothers"). Under terms of the agreement
the Company will be advanced approximately $160.0 million and in turn pledged as
collateral approximately $200.0 million in total principal balance of
manufactured home loans of which approximately $181.0 million had been funded on
the Company's repurchase facility with Credit Suisse First Boston. The annual
interest rate on the term loan is a variable rate equal to LIBOR plus a spread
and the advance rate is 80% of the outstanding principal of the manufactured
home loans pledged as collateral on March 31, 2002. The agreement is set to
expire in one year.

Management believes that it will have sufficient sources of capital to provide
for the Company to continue its operations in the near term, however, the
Company's future cash flow requirements depend on numerous factors, many of
which are outside of its control. Based on its business model and the nature of
the capital markets, the Company expects it will need to raise additional
capital before the end of 2003, even if it maintains its current borrowing
relationships. As a result, during that time it will need to obtain funding from
sources such as operating activities, loan sales or securitizations, sales of
debt or member interests or additional debt financing arrangements. The
Company's ability to obtain funding from operations may be adversely impacted
by, among other things, market and economic conditions in the manufactured home
financing markets generally, including decreased sales of manufactured homes.
The ability to obtain funding from loan sales and securitizations may be
adversely impacted by, among other things, the price and credit quality of the
Company's loans, conditions in the securities markets generally (and
specifically in the asset-backed securities), compliance of loans with the
eligibility requirements for a particular securitization and any material
negative rating agency action pertaining to certificates issued in the Company's
securitizations. The ability to obtain funding from sales of securities or debt
financing arrangements may be adversely impacted by, among other things, market
and economic conditions in the manufactured home financing markets generally and
the Company's financial condition and prospects.

NOTE J - MEMBERS' CAPITAL

Under an investment agreement and merger agreement entered into on December 18,
2001, three investors, SUI TRS, Inc., Shiffman Family LLC and Woodward Holding,
made capital contributions totaling $40 million to the Company and Bingham
Financial Services Corporation ("Bingham") contributed its operating subsidiary,
Origen Financial, Inc. At the time of Bingham's contribution, Origen Financial,
Inc. had net liabilities totaling $19.2 million for which Bingham received a 20%
interest in the net assets and profits of the Company. Members' total capital
was reduced by approximately $894,000 in costs related to the recapitalization.


                                       23


<PAGE>

                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE J - MEMBERS' CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

The Company is managed by a Board of Managers currently consisting of three
individuals, one individual appointed by each of the three investors. Members of
the Board have a total of five votes with the manager appointed by Bingham
controlling two votes, the manager appointed by SUI TRS, Inc. controlling two
votes and the manager appointed by Woodward Holding controlling one vote.

NOTE K - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

LOAN COMMITMENTS

At December 31, 2002, the Company had commitments to originate manufactured home
installment contracts approximating $26.5 million.

LEASE COMMITMENTS

At December 31, 2002 aggregate minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable
leases having terms of more than one year were (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                           <C>
      2003                    $ 1,218
      2004                        939
      2005                        507
      2006                        444
      2007                        437
      2008                        107
</TABLE>

These leases are for office facilities and equipment and generally contain
either clauses for cost of living increases and/or options to renew or terminate
the lease.

NOTE L - FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND OFF-BALANCE SHEET ACTIVITY

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

As part of its interest rate risk management strategy, the Company has in the
past attempted to hedge the interest rate risk on its loan portfolio by entering
into Treasury rate locks and forward interest rate swaps. As of December 31,
2002 the Company had no outstanding hedge positions.

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107 ("SFAS 107") requires
disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments, whether or not
recognized in the balance sheet, for which it is practicable to estimate such
value. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are
based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques.


                                       24
<PAGE>

                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002



NOTE L - FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND OFF-BALANCE SHEET ACTIVITY (CONTINUED)

The following table shows the carrying amount and estimated fair values of the
Company's financial instruments at December 31, 2002 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   ESTIMATED
                                                                             CARRYING                FAIR
                                                                              AMOUNT                 VALUE
                                                                             --------              --------
<S>                                                                          <C>                   <C>
                  ASSETS
                      Cash and equivalents                                   $    257              $    257
                      Restricted cash                                           2,799                 2,799
                      Loans receivable                                        173,764               174,126
                      Loan sale proceeds receivable                             3,905                 3,905
                      Other                                                     7,327                 7,327

                  LIABILITIES
                      Accounts payable and accrued expenses                     8,093                 8,093
                      Recourse liability                                       13,320                13,320
                      Advances under repurchase                               141,085               141,085
                      Note payable                                             54,946                54,946
</TABLE>

The carrying amount for cash and cash equivalents and other assets is a
reasonable estimate of their fair value.

Fair values for the Company's loans are estimated using quoted market prices for
loans with similar interest rates, terms and borrowers credit quality as those
being offered by the Company.

The carrying amount of accrued interest approximates its fair value. Due to
their short maturity, accounts payable and accrued expense carrying values
approximate fair value.

The fair value of the Company's recourse liability approximates its carrying
value. The fair value is based on a discounted cash flow analysis with
prepayment assumptions based on historical performance and industry standards.

Fair value of loan commitments valued on the basis of fees currently charged for
commitments for similar loan terms to new borrowers with similar credit profiles
is not considered material.

The fair value of the Company's fixed rate subordinated debt at December 31,
2002 was based on quoted market prices for debt with similar terms and remaining
maturities. The fair value of the variable rate debt is based on its carrying
amount.




                                       25


<PAGE>

                            ORIGEN FINANCIAL, L.L.C.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED

                                DECEMBER 31, 2002


NOTE M - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Company currently has a credit facility extended by Sun Home Services, Inc.
consisting of a $48.0 million line of credit and a $10.0 million term loan. The
facility is set to terminate on December 31, 2003 but is automatically
extendable to December 31, 2004 upon the occurrence of certain events. The
outstanding balance on the facility bears interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 700
basis points, with a minimum interest rate of 11% and a maximum interest rate of
15%. The facility is secured by a security interest in substantially all of the
Company's assets.

Sun Home Services, Inc. owns a 100% interest in SUI TRS, Inc., which purchased
approximately a 30% equity interest in the Company for approximately $15
million. Sun Home Services, Inc.'s non-voting preferred stock is owned 100% by
Sun Communities which entitles Sun Communities to 95% of the cash flow from the
operating activities of Sun Home Services including the cash flow from the
operating activities of SUI TRS, Inc. Mr. Gary a Shiffman is the Chairman of the
Board of Sun Communities.

Mr. Shiffman and members of his immediate family also control Shiffman Family
LLC, which purchased approximately an 8.4% equity interest in the Company for
approximately $4.2 million.

SUI TRS, Inc., Shiffman Family LLC and Woodward Holding have the option to buy
Bingham Financial Services Corporation's ("Bingham") 20% ownership interest in
the Company between 36 and 60 months from December 18, 2001. The purchase price
of Bingham's interest would be its fair market value as determined by an
appraiser selected by the Company's managers.

Included in accounts payable and accrued expenses of the Company at December 31,
2002 is approximately $568,000 in advances from Bingham.






                                       26



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
