-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 NKgEXcB2DrKWeKqkgQjmKAkj/UrYXPRHlBXxN4T24U6XLSQEnSytoI/62lcmn8f2
 47JpVR7cw4s6EVz2gjLt8g==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950124-04-000947.txt : 20040315
<SEC-HEADER>0000950124-04-000947.hdr.sgml : 20040315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20040315163516
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950124-04-000947
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20031231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUN COMMUNITIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912593
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				382730780
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-72461
		FILM NUMBER:		04669972

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		27777 FRANKLIN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SOUTHFIELD
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48034
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2482082500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		27777 FRANKLIN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SOUTHFIELD
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48034
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>k82518e10vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED 12/31/03
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K
(Mark One)

[X]       ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
          EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003

                                       OR

[ ]       TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
          EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                           Commission File No. 1-12616

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

STATE OF MARYLAND                                                    38-2730780
State of Incorporation                                  I.R.S. Employer I.D. No.

                               27777 FRANKLIN ROAD
                                    SUITE 200
                           SOUTHFIELD, MICHIGAN 48034
                                 (248) 208-2500
          (Address of principal executive offices and telephone number)

           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                     COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $.01 PER SHARE

           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                                      NONE

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

         Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                                   Yes [X]  No [ ]

         Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an accelerated filer
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

                                   Yes [X]  No [ ]

       As of June 30, 2003, the aggregate market value of the Registrant's stock
    held by non-affiliates was approximately $688,000,000 (computed by
reference to the closing sales price of the Registrant's common stock as of June
30, 2003). For this computation, the Registrant has excluded the market value of
all shares of common stock reported as beneficially owned by executive officers
     and directors of the Registrant; such exclusion shall not be deemed to
constitute an admission that any such person is an affiliate of the Registrant.

      As of March 1, 2004, there were 19,009,270 shares of the Registrant's
common stock issued and outstanding.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

         Portions of the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed for
its 2004 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part
III of this Report.

<PAGE>

         As used in this report, "Company", "Us", "We", "Our" and similar terms
means Sun Communities, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and one or more of its
subsidiaries (including the Operating Partnership (as defined below)).

                                     PART I
ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

GENERAL

         We are a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment
trust, or REIT. We own, operate, develop and finance manufactured housing
communities concentrated in the midwestern and southeastern United States. We
are a fully integrated real estate company which, together with our affiliates
and predecessors, have been in the business of acquiring, operating and
expanding manufactured housing communities since 1975. As of December 31, 2003,
we owned and operated a portfolio of 127 properties located in seventeen states
(the "Properties"), including 115 manufactured housing communities, five
recreational vehicle communities, and seven properties containing both
manufactured housing and recreational vehicle sites. As of December 31, 2003,
the Properties contained an aggregate of 43,875 developed sites comprised of
38,797 developed manufactured home sites and 5,078 recreational vehicle sites
and an additional 6,756 manufactured home sites suitable for development. In
order to enhance property performance and cash flow, the Company, through Sun
Home Services, Inc., a Michigan corporation ("SHS"), actively markets, sells and
leases new and pre-owned manufactured homes for placement in the Properties.

         Our executive and principal property management office is located at
27777 Franklin Road, Suite 200, Southfield, Michigan 48034 and our telephone
number is (248) 208-2500. We have regional property management offices located
in Austin, Texas; Dayton, Ohio; Grand Rapids, Michigan; Elkhart, Indiana; and
Orlando, Florida, and we employed an aggregate of 611 people as of December 31,
2003.

         Our website address is www.suncommunities.com and we make available,
free of charge, on or through our website all of our periodic reports, including
our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current
reports on Form 8-K, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such
reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

         Acquisitions. During 2003, we acquired one community in Michigan for
approximately $4.5 million comprised of $2.2 million in cash and $2.3 million in
debt. When fully developed, the property will consist of 242 manufactured
housing sites.

         In 2004, we entered into an agreement with certain affiliates of
Property Asset Management Inc. ("PAMI") to acquire all of the equity interests
in partnerships that directly and indirectly own and operate 19 properties and
entered into a real estate purchase agreement to acquire 7 other properties. The
properties are recreational vehicle communities, some of which include
manufactured home sites. The portfolio consists of 11,331 sites, including
10,586 developed sites and 745 expansion recreational vehicle sites. Completion
of the purchases is subject to customary closing conditions.

                                        2
<PAGE>

           PAMI, the seller under the purchase agreements, is the sole general
partner and owns a substantial majority of the equity interests in the
partnerships that own the properties subject to the purchase agreements. PAMI
has exercised its rights under the relevant partnership agreements to acquire
the equity interests of its minority partner. PAMI has informed us that its
minority partner has disputed PAMI's rights to purchase its interests under the
partnership agreements. As a result, PAMI has filed suit in the Delaware
Chancery Court requesting, among other things, that the court specifically
enforce PAMI's right to purchase the minority interests. The minority partner in
the partnerships has filed an answer and counterclaim in the case requesting
that the court find that the minority partner has the right to buy PAMI's
interests under the partnership agreements.

           PAMI believes that it will be successful in the litigation and we
expect to complete the acquisition of the partnership interests and properties.
However, due to the uncertain nature of litigation and the other conditions to
closing, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to successfully
complete the proposed acquisitions and cannot reliably predict the timing of the
resolution of these matters.

           Dispositions. The Company closed on the sale of four properties
during 2003 realizing gross proceeds of approximately $24.8 million. The
properties were located in Michigan and Illinois and comprised 731 sites of
which 659, or 90 percent, were occupied.

         Origen. Previously, we, along with two other participants, provided
financing (a line of credit and term loan) to Origen Financial, LLC ("Origen"),
a financial services company that provides and services loans used by consumers
to finance the purchase of manufactured homes. In October of 2003, Origen
completed a $150.0 million private equity offering and repaid its line of credit
and term loan in full. We have no continuing obligation to provide financing to
Origen. Concurrent with this transaction, we invested $50.0 million in Origen's
parent, Origen Financial, Inc. ("Origen, Inc") and agreed to sell Origen, Inc.
various interests in manufactured home loans previously acquired from Origen,
none of which have been sold as of December 31, 2003. As of December 31, 2003,
our investment in Origen, Inc. approximated a one third ownership interest which
was accounted for using the equity method of accounting for periods ending after
September 30, 2003.

STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY

         Structured as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT, Sun Communities
Operating Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership (the "Operating
Partnership"), is the entity through which we conduct substantially all of our
operations, and which owns, either directly or indirectly through subsidiaries,
all of our assets (the subsidiaries, collectively with the Operating
Partnership, the "Subsidiaries"). This UPREIT structure enables us to comply
with certain complex requirements under the Federal tax rules and regulations
applicable to REITs, and to acquire manufactured housing communities in
transactions that defer some or all of the sellers' tax consequences. We are the
sole general partner of, and, as of December 31, 2003, held approximately 88.5%
of the interests (not including preferred limited partnership interests) in, the
Operating Partnership. The Subsidiaries also include SHS, which provides
manufactured home sales and other services to current and prospective tenants of
the Properties. Along with several other subsidiaries, SHS owns Sun Water Oak
Golf, Inc., which was organized to own and operate

                                        3
<PAGE>

the golf course, restaurant and related facilities located on the Water Oak
Property that was acquired in December 1993. See "Factors that May Affect Future
Results -- Some of our directors and officers may have conflicts of interest
with respect to certain related party transactions and other business
interests."

THE MANUFACTURED HOUSING COMMUNITY INDUSTRY

         A manufactured housing community is a residential subdivision designed
and improved with sites for the placement of manufactured homes and related
improvements and amenities. Manufactured homes are detached, single-family homes
which are produced off-site by manufacturers and installed on sites within the
community. Manufactured homes are available in a wide array of designs,
providing owners with a level of customization generally unavailable in other
forms of multifamily housing.

         Modern manufactured housing communities, such as the Properties,
contain improvements similar to other garden-style residential developments,
including centralized entrances, paved streets, curbs and gutters, and parkways.
In addition, these communities also often provide a number of amenities, such as
a clubhouse, a swimming pool, shuffleboard courts, tennis courts, laundry
facilities and cable television service.

         The owner of each home on our Properties leases the site on which the
home is located. We own the underlying land, utility connections, streets,
lighting, driveways, common area amenities and other capital improvements and
are responsible for enforcement of community guidelines and maintenance. Some of
the Properties provide water and sewer service through public or private
utilities, while others provide these services to residents from on-site
facilities. Each owner within our Properties is responsible for the maintenance
of the home and leased site. As a result, capital expenditure needs tend to be
less significant, relative to multi-family rental apartment complexes.

PROPERTY MANAGEMENT

         Our property management strategy emphasizes intensive, hands-on
management by dedicated, on-site district and community managers. We believe
that this on-site focus enables us to continually monitor and address tenant
concerns, the performance of competitive properties and local market conditions.
Of the 611 Company employees, 522 are located on-site as property managers,
support staff, or maintenance personnel.

         Our community managers are overseen by Brian W. Fannon, Chief Operating
Officer, who has 34 years of property management experience, three Vice
Presidents of Operations and seventeen Regional Vice Presidents. In addition,
the Regional Vice Presidents are responsible for semi-annual market surveys of
competitive communities, interaction with local manufactured home dealers and
regular property inspections.

         Each district or community manager performs regular inspections in
order to continually monitor the Property's physical condition and provides
managers with the opportunity to understand and effectively address tenant
concerns. In addition to a district or community manager, each district or
property has an on-site maintenance personnel and management support staff. We
hold periodic training sessions for all property management personnel to ensure
that management policies are implemented effectively and professionally.

                                        4
<PAGE>

HOME SALES AND LEASING

         SHS offers manufactured home sales services to tenants and prospective
tenants of our Properties. Since tenants often purchase a home already on-site
within a community, such services enhance occupancy and property performance.
Additionally, because many of the homes on the Properties are sold through SHS,
better control of home quality in our communities can be maintained than if
sales services were conducted solely through third-party brokers. SHS also
leases homes to prospective tenants.

REGULATIONS AND INSURANCE

         General. Manufactured housing community properties are subject to
various laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to
recreational facilities such as swimming pools, clubhouses and other common
areas. We believe that each Property has the necessary operating permits and
approvals.

         Insurance. Our management believes that the Properties are covered by
adequate fire, flood, property and business interruption insurance provided by
reputable companies with commercially reasonable deductibles and limits. We
maintain a blanket policy that covers all of our Properties. We have obtained
title insurance insuring fee title to the Properties in an aggregate amount
which we believe to be adequate.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

         We have implemented the following corporate governance initiatives to
address certain legal requirements promulgated under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, as well as the recently adopted New York Stock Exchange corporate
governance listing standards:

         -    Our Board of Directors determined that Paul D. Lapides, the
              Chairman of the Audit Committee, qualifies as an "audit committee
              financial expert" as such term is defined under Item 401 of
              Regulation S-K. Mr. Lapides is "independent" as that term is used
              in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act.

         -    Our Audit Committee adopted our Audit and Non-Audit Services
              Pre-Approval Policy, which sets forth the procedures and the
              conditions pursuant to which permissible services to be performed
              by our independent public accountants may be pre-approved.

         -    Our Board of Directors adopted a Financial Code of Ethics for
              Senior Financial Officers, which governs the conduct of our senior
              financial officers. A copy of this code is available on our
              website at www.suncommunities.com under the heading "Shareholder
              Info", "Company Info" and subheading "Governance" and is also
              available in print to any stockholder upon written request
              addressed to Investor Relations, Sun Communities, Inc., 27777
              Franklin Road, Suite 200, Southfield, Michigan 48034.

         -    Our Board of Directors established and adopted new charters for
              each of its Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate
              Governance Committees. Each committee is comprised of three (3)
              independent directors. A copy of each of these charters is
              available on our website at www.suncommunities.com under the
              heading "Shareholder Info", "Company Info" and subheading
              "Governance" and is also available in print to any stockholder
              upon written request addressed to Investor Relations, Sun
              Communities, Inc., 27777 Franklin Road, Suite 200, Southfield,
              Michigan 48034.

         -    Our Board of Directors adopted a Code of Business Conduct and
              Ethics, which governs business decisions made and actions taken by
              our directors, officers and employees. A copy of this code is
              available on our website at www.suncommunities.com under the
              heading "Shareholder Info", "Company Info" and subheading
              "Governance" and is also available in print to any

                                        5
<PAGE>

              stockholder upon written request addressed to Investor Relations,
              Sun Communities, Inc., 27777 Franklin Road, Suite 200, Southfield,
              Michigan 48034.

         -    Our Board of Directors adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, a
              copy of which is available on our website at
              www.suncommunities.com under the heading "Shareholder Info",
              "Company Info" and subheading "Governance" and is also available
              in print to any stockholder upon written request addressed to
              Investor Relations, Sun Communities, Inc., 27777 Franklin Road,
              Suite 200, Southfield, Michigan 48034.

FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS

         Our prospects are subject to certain uncertainties and risks. Our
future results could differ materially from current results, and our actual
results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking
statements as a result of certain risk factors. These risk factors include, but
are not limited to, those set forth below, other one-time events, and important
factors disclosed previously and from time to time in other Company filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. This report contains certain
forward-looking statements.

                                REAL ESTATE RISKS

General economic conditions and the concentration of our properties in Michigan
and Florida may affect our ability to generate sufficient revenue.

         The market and economic conditions in our current markets generally,
and specifically in metropolitan areas of our current markets, may significantly
affect manufactured home occupancy or rental rates. Occupancy and rental rates,
in turn, may significantly affect our revenues, and if our communities do not
generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses, including debt
service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to pay or refinance
our debt obligations could be adversely affected. We derived significant amounts
of rental income for the period ended December 31, 2003 from properties located
in Michigan and Florida. As of December 31, 2003, 42 of our 127 Properties, or
approximately 33%, are located in Michigan, 20 or approximately 16%, are located
in Florida and 18 or approximately 14% are located in Indiana. As a result of
the geographic concentration of our Properties in Michigan and Florida, we are
exposed to the risks of downturns in the local economy or other local real
estate market conditions which could adversely affect occupancy rates, rental
rates and property values of properties in these markets.

         The following factors, among others, may adversely affect the revenues
generated by our communities:

         -        the national and local economic climate which may be adversely
                  impacted by, among other factors, plant closings and industry
                  slowdowns;

                                        6
<PAGE>

         -        local real estate market conditions such as the oversupply of
                  manufactured housing sites or a reduction in demand for
                  manufactured housing sites in an area;

         -        the number of repossessed homes in a particular market;

         -        the rental market which may limit the extent to which rents
                  may be increased to meet increased expenses without decreasing
                  occupancy rates;

         -        the perceptions by prospective tenants of the safety,
                  convenience and attractiveness of the Properties and the
                  neighborhoods where they are located;

         -        zoning or other regulatory restrictions;

         -        competition from other available manufactured housing sites
                  and alternative forms of housing (such as apartment buildings
                  and site-built single-family homes);

         -        our ability to provide adequate management, maintenance and
                  insurance;

         -        increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, real
                  estate taxes and utilities; or

         -        the enactment of rent control laws or laws taxing the owners
                  of manufactured homes.

         Our income would also be adversely affected if tenants were unable to
pay rent or if sites were unable to be rented on favorable terms. If we were
unable to promptly relet or renew the leases for a significant number of the
sites, or if the rental rates upon such renewal or reletting were significantly
lower than expected rates, then our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected. In addition, certain expenditures associated with each
equity investment (such as real estate taxes and maintenance costs) generally
are not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the
investment. Furthermore, real estate investments are relatively illiquid and,
therefore, will tend to limit our ability to vary our portfolio promptly in
response to changes in economic or other conditions.

Competition affects occupancy levels and rents which could adversely affect our
revenues.

         All of our Properties are located in developed areas that include other
manufactured housing community properties. The number of competitive
manufactured housing community properties in a particular area could have a
material adverse effect on our ability to lease sites and on rents charged at
our Properties or at any newly acquired properties. We may be competing with
others with greater resources and whose officers and directors have more
experience than our officers and directors. In addition, other forms of
multi-family residential properties, such as private and federally funded or
assisted multi-family housing projects and single-family housing, provide
housing alternatives to potential tenants of manufactured housing communities.

Our ability to sell manufactured homes may be affected by various factors, which
may in turn adversely affect our profitability.

         Sun Home Services, Inc., a Michigan corporation ("SHS"), is in the
manufactured home sales market offering manufactured home sales services to
tenants and prospective tenants of our communities. The market for the sale of
manufactured homes may be adversely affected by the following factors:


                                        7
<PAGE>

         -        downturns in economic conditions which adversely impact the
                  housing market;

         -        an oversupply of, or a reduced demand for, manufactured homes;

         -        the difficulty facing potential purchasers in obtaining
                  affordable financing as a result of heightened lending
                  criteria; and

         -        an increase in the rate of manufactured home repossessions
                  which provide aggressively priced competition to new
                  manufactured home sales.

         Any of the above listed factors could adversely impact our rate of
manufactured home sales, which would result in a decrease in profitability.

Increases in taxes and regulatory compliance costs may reduce our revenue.

         Costs resulting from changes in real estate tax laws generally may be
passed through to tenants and will not affect us. Increases in income, service
or other taxes, however, generally are not passed through to tenants under
leases and may adversely affect our funds from operations and our ability to pay
or refinance our debt. Similarly, changes in laws increasing the potential
liability for environmental conditions existing on properties or increasing the
restrictions on discharges or other conditions may result in significant
unanticipated expenditures, which would adversely affect our business and
results of operations.

We may not be able to integrate or finance our development activities.

         We are engaged in the construction and development of new communities,
and intend to continue in the development and construction business in the
future. Our development and construction business may be exposed to the
following risks which are in addition to those risks associated with the
ownership and operation of established manufactured housing communities:

         -        we may not be able to obtain financing with favorable terms
                  for community development which may make us unable to proceed
                  with the development;

         -        we may be unable to obtain, or face delays in obtaining,
                  necessary zoning, building and other governmental permits and
                  authorizations, which could result in increased costs and
                  delays, and even require us to abandon development of the
                  community entirely if we are unable to obtain such permits or
                  authorizations;

         -        we may abandon development opportunities that we have already
                  begun to explore and as a result we may not recover expenses
                  already incurred in connection with exploring such development
                  opportunities;

         -        we may be unable to complete construction and lease-up of a
                  community on schedule resulting in increased debt service
                  expense and construction costs;

         -        we may incur construction and development costs for a
                  community which exceed our original estimates due to increased
                  materials, labor or other costs, which could make completion
                  of the community uneconomical and we may not be able to
                  increase rents to compensate for the increase in development
                  costs which may impact our profitability;

                                        8
<PAGE>


         -        we may be unable to secure long-term financing on completion
                  of development resulting in increased debt service and lower
                  profitability; and

         -        occupancy rates and rents at a newly developed community may
                  fluctuate depending on several factors, including market and
                  economic conditions, which may result in the community not
                  being profitable.

If any of the above occurred, our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

We may not be able to integrate or finance our acquisitions and our acquisitions
may not perform as expected.

         We acquire and intend to continue to acquire manufactured housing
communities on a select basis. Our acquisition activities and their success are
subject to the following risks:

         -    we may be unable to acquire a desired property because of
              competition from other well capitalized real estate investors,
              including both publicly traded real estate investment trusts and
              institutional investment funds;

         -    even if we enter into an acquisition agreement for a property, it
              is usually subject to customary conditions to closing, including
              completion of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction,
              which may not be satisfied;

         -    even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition
              from other real estate investors may significantly increase the
              purchase price;

         -    we may be unable to finance acquisitions on favorable terms;

         -    acquired properties may fail to perform as expected;

         -    acquired properties may be located in new markets where we face
              risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding
              of the local economy, lack of business relationships in the area
              and unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting
              procedures; and

         -    we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new
              acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of
              properties, into our existing operations.

If any of the above occurred, our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

         In addition, we may acquire properties subject to liabilities and
without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown
liabilities. As a result, if liability were asserted against us based upon
ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle
it, which could adversely affect our cash flow.

Rent control legislation may harm our ability to increase rents.

         State and local rent control laws in certain jurisdictions may limit
our ability to increase rents and to recover increases in operating expenses and
the costs of capital improvements. Enactment of such laws has been considered
from time to time in other jurisdictions. Certain

                                        9
<PAGE>

Properties are located, and we may purchase additional properties, in markets
that are either subject to rent control or in which rent-limiting legislation
exists or may be enacted.

We may be subject to environmental liability.

         Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and
regulations, an owner or operator of real estate is liable for the costs of
removal or remediation of certain hazardous substances at, on, under or in such
property. Such laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the
owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous
substances. The presence of such substances, or the failure to properly
remediate such substances, may adversely affect the owner's ability to sell or
rent such property, to borrow using such property as collateral or to develop
such property. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous
substances also may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of such
substances at a disposal or treatment facility owned or operated by another
person. In addition, certain environmental laws impose liability for the
management and disposal of asbestos-containing materials and for the release of
such materials into the air. These laws may provide for third parties to seek
recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury
associated with asbestos-containing materials. In connection with the ownership,
operation, management, and development of real properties, we may be considered
an owner or operator of such properties and, therefore, are potentially liable
for removal or remediation costs, and also may be liable for governmental fines
and injuries to persons and property. When we arrange for the treatment or
disposal of hazardous substances at landfills or other facilities owned by other
persons, we may be liable for the removal or remediation costs at such
facilities.

         All of the Properties have been subject to a Phase I or similar
environmental audit (which involves general inspections without soil sampling or
ground water analysis) completed by independent environmental consultants. These
environmental audits have not revealed any significant environmental liability
that would have a material adverse effect on our business. These audits cannot
reflect conditions arising after the studies were completed, and no assurances
can be given that existing environmental studies reveal all environmental
liabilities, that any prior owner or operator of a property or neighboring owner
or operator did not create any material environmental condition not known to us,
or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any
one or more Properties.

Losses in excess of our insurance coverage or uninsured losses could adversely
affect our cash flow.

         We maintain comprehensive liability, fire, flood (where appropriate),
extended coverage, and rental loss insurance on the Properties with policy
specifications, limits, and deductibles which are customarily carried for
similar properties. As a result of market conditions in the insurance industry,
we recently decided to carry a large deductible on our liability insurance.
Certain types of losses, however, may be either uninsurable or not economically
insurable, such as losses due to earthquakes, riots, or acts of war. In the
event an uninsured loss occurs, we could lose both our investment in and
anticipated profits and cash flow from the affected property. Any loss would
adversely affect our ability to repay our debt.

                                       10
<PAGE>

                         FINANCING AND INVESTMENT RISKS

Our significant amount of debt could limit our operational flexibility or
otherwise adversely affect our financial condition.

         We have a significant amount of debt. As of December 31, 2003, we had
approximately $773.3 million of total debt outstanding, consisting of
approximately $266.2 million in collateralized debt, and approximately $507.1
million in unsecured debt. Included in the collateralized debt outstanding is
$256.6 million of indebtedness that is collateralized by mortgage liens on 34 of
the Properties and home inventory (the "Mortgage Debt") and one $9.6 million
capitalized lease obligation. If we fail to meet our obligations under the
Mortgage Debt, the lender would be entitled to foreclose on all or some of the
Properties securing such debt which could have a material adverse effect on us
and our ability to make expected distributions, and could threaten our continued
viability.

         We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing,
including the following risks:

         -        our cash flow may be insufficient to meet required payments of
                  principal and interest, or require us to dedicate a
                  substantial portion of our cash flow to pay our debt and the
                  interest associated with our debt rather than to other areas
                  of our business;

         -        our existing indebtedness may limit our operating flexibility
                  due to financial and other restrictive covenants, including
                  restrictions on incurring additional debt;

         -        it may be more difficult for us to obtain additional financing
                  in the future for our operations, working capital
                  requirements, capital expenditures, debt service or other
                  general requirements;

         -        we may be more vulnerable in the event of adverse economic and
                  industry conditions or a downturn in our business; and

         -        we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage compared to our
                  competitors that have less debt.

         If any of the above risks occurred, our financial condition and results
of operations could be materially adversely affected.

We may be able to incur substantially more debt which would increase the risks
associated with our substantial leverage.

     Despite our current indebtedness levels, we may still be able to incur
substantially more debt in the future. If new debt is added to our current debt
levels, an even greater portion of our cash flow will be needed to satisfy our
debt service obligations. As a result, the related risks that we now face could
intensify and increase the risk of a default on our indebtedness.

                                       11
<PAGE>

   Our equity investment in Origen Financial, Inc., may subject us to certain
                                     risks.

         In October 2003, Origen Financial, LLC completed a $150 million
recapitalization. In this transaction, we purchased 5,000,000 shares of common
stock (representing approximately one-third of the issued and outstanding shares
of common stock as of December 31, 2003) of Origen Financial, Inc. for $50
million. Origen is a real estate investment trust in the business of
originating, acquiring and servicing manufactured home loans. Our equity
investment in Origen is subject to all of the risks associated with Origen's
business, including the risks associated with the manufactured housing finance
industry. The failure of Origen to achieve its development and operating goals
could have a material adverse effect on the value of our investment in Origen

The financial condition and solvency of our borrowers and the market value of
our properties may adversely affect our investments in real estate, installment
and other loans.

         As of December 31, 2003, we had an investment of approximately $41.7
million in real estate loans to several entities and Properties, some of which
are secured by a first lien on the underlying property, and others which are
secured loans subordinate to the primary lender. Also, as of December 31, 2003,
we had outstanding approximately $24.8 million in installment loans to owners of
manufactured homes. These installment loans are collateralized by the
manufactured homes. We may invest in additional mortgages and installment loans
in the future. By virtue of our investment in the mortgages and the loans, we
are subject to the following risks of such investment:

         -        the borrowers may not be able to make debt service payments or
                  pay principal when due;

         -        the value of property securing the mortgages and loans may be
                  less than the amounts owed; and

         -        interest rates payable on the mortgages and loans may be lower
                  than our cost of funds.

If any of the above occurred, our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

                                       12
<PAGE>

                                    TAX RISKS

We may suffer adverse tax consequences and be unable to attract capital if we
fail to qualify as a REIT.

         We believe that since our taxable year ended December 31, 1994, we have
been organized and operated, and intend to continue to operate, so as to qualify
for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. Although we believe that
we have been and will continue to be organized and have operated and will
continue to operate so as to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we cannot assure
you that we have been or will continue to be organized or operated in a manner
to so qualify or remain so qualified. Qualification as a REIT involves the
satisfaction of numerous requirements (some on an annual and quarterly basis)
established under highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there
are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations, and involves the
determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within
our control. In addition, frequent changes occur in the area of REIT taxation,
which require the Company continually to monitor its tax status.

         If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we would be
subject to federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax)
on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. Moreover, unless entitled to
relief under certain statutory provisions, we also would be disqualified from
treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which
qualification was lost. This treatment would reduce our net earnings available
for investment or distribution to stockholders because of the additional tax
liability to us for the years involved. In addition, distributions to
stockholders would no longer be required to be made. Even if we qualify for and
maintain our REIT status, we will be subject to certain federal, state and local
taxes on our property and certain of our operations.

We intend for the Operating Partnership to qualify as a partnership, but we
cannot guarantee that it will qualify.

         We believe that the Operating Partnership has been organized as a
partnership and will qualify for treatment as such under the Code. However, if
the Operating Partnership is deemed to be a "publicly traded partnership," it
will be treated as a corporation instead of a partnership for federal income tax
purposes unless at least 90% of its income is qualifying income as defined in
the Internal Revenue Code. The income requirements applicable to REITs and the
definition of "qualifying income" for purposes of this 90% test are similar in
most respects. Qualifying income for the 90% test generally includes passive
income, such as specified types of real property rents, dividends and interest.
We believe that the Operating Partnership would meet this 90% test, but we
cannot guarantee that it would. If the Operating Partnership were to be taxed as
a corporation, it would incur substantial tax liabilities, we would fail to
qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, and our ability to raise
additional capital could be significantly impaired.

Our ability to accumulate cash is restricted due to certain REIT distribution
requirements.

         In order to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute to our stockholders
at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (calculated without any deduction for
dividends paid and excluding net capital gain) and to avoid federal income
taxation, our distributions must not be less than 100% of our REIT taxable
income, including capital gains. As a result of the distribution requirements,
we do not expect to accumulate significant amounts of cash. Accordingly, these
distributions could significantly reduce the cash available to us in subsequent
periods to fund our operations and future growth.

                                       13
<PAGE>

                                 BUSINESS RISKS

Some of our directors and officers may have conflicts of interest with respect
to certain related party transactions and other business interests.

         Ownership of SHS. Gary A. Shiffman, the President, Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, and the Estate of
Milton M. Shiffman (former Chairman of the Board), are the owners of all of the
outstanding common stock of SHS, and as such are entitled to 5% of the cash flow
from the operating activities of SHS (we own 100% of the non-voting preferred
stock which entitles us to 95% of such cash flow). SHS is consolidated in our
financial statements as of December 31, 2003. Arthur A. Weiss, one of our
directors, is also a personal representative of the Estate.

         Thus, in all transactions involving SHS, Mr. Shiffman and Mr. Weiss may
have a conflict of interest with respect to their respective obligations as an
officer and/or director of the Company and Mr. Shiffman's right and the Estate's
right to receive a portion of the cash flow from the operating activities of
SHS. The following are the current transactions and agreements involving SHS
which may present a conflict of interest for Mr. Shiffman and Mr. Weiss:

         -        the agreement between SHS and Sun for sales, brokerage, and
                  leasing services;

         -        the intercompany loans from the Operating Partnership to SHS;
                  and

         -        the ownership and operation of SHS's other subsidiaries,
                  including Sun Water Oak Golf, Inc.

         The failure to negotiate these and other transactions or agreements
involving SHS on an arm's length basis, or to enforce the material terms of any
agreement or arrangement between SHS and us, could have an adverse effect on
Sun.

         Tax Consequences Upon Sale of Properties. Gary A. Shiffman holds
limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership which were received
in connection with the contribution of 24 properties from partnerships
previously affiliated with him (the "Sun Partnerships"). Prior to any redemption
of these limited partnership interests for our common stock, Mr. Shiffman will
have tax consequences different from those of us and our public stockholders on
the sale of any of the Sun Partnerships. Four of the properties have been sold
to date. Therefore, Mr. Shiffman and the Company may have different objectives
regarding the appropriate pricing and timing of any sale of those properties.

         Lease of Executive Offices. Gary A. Shiffman, together with certain
family members, indirectly owns approximately a 21% equity interest in American
Center LLC, the entity from which we lease office space for our principal
executive offices. This lease is for an initial term of five years and we have
the right to extend the lease for an additional five year term. The annual base
rent under this lease begins at $19.25 per square foot (gross) for the first
lease year and increases $0.50 per square foot for each successive year of the
initial term. Mr. Shiffman may have a conflict of interest with respect to his
obligations as an officer and/or director of the Company and his ownership
interest in American Center.


                                       14
<PAGE>
We rely on key management.

         We are dependent on the efforts of our executive officers, particularly
Gary A. Shiffman, Jeffrey P. Jorissen, Brian W. Fannon and Jonathan M. Colman
(together, the "Senior Officers"). The loss of services of one or more of our
executive officers could have a temporary adverse effect on our operations. We
do not currently maintain or contemplate obtaining any "key-man" life insurance
on the Senior Officers.

Certain provisions in our governing documents may make it difficult for a
third-party to acquire us.

         9.8% Ownership Limit. In order to qualify and maintain our
qualification as a REIT, not more than 50% of the outstanding shares of our
capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer
individuals. Thus, ownership of more than 9.8% of our outstanding shares of
common stock by any single stockholder has been restricted, with certain
exceptions, for the purpose of maintaining our qualification as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code. Such restrictions in our charter do not apply to Gary
Shiffman, the Estate of Milton M. Shiffman and Robert B. Bayer, a former
director and officer of the Company.

         The 9.8% ownership limit, as well as our ability to issue additional
shares of common stock or shares of other stock (which may have rights and
preferences over the common stock), may discourage a change of control of the
Company and may also: (1) deter tender offers for the common stock, which offers
may be advantageous to stockholders; and (2) limit the opportunity for
stockholders to receive a premium for their common stock that might otherwise
exist if an investor were attempting to assemble a block of common stock in
excess of 9.8% of the outstanding shares of the Company or otherwise effect a
change of control of the Company.

         Staggered Board. Our Board of Directors has been divided into three
classes of directors. The term of one class will expire each year. Directors for
each class will be chosen for a three-year term upon the expiration of such
class's term, and the directors in the other two classes will continue in
office. The staggered terms for directors may affect the stockholders' ability
to change control of the Company even if a change in control were in the
stockholders' interest.

         Preferred Stock. Our charter authorizes the Board of Directors to issue
up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to establish the preferences and
rights (including the right to vote and the right to convert into shares of
common stock) of any shares issued. The power to issue preferred stock could
have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company
even if a change in control were in the stockholders' interest.

         Rights Plan. We adopted a stockholders' rights plan in 1998 that
provides our stockholders (other than a stockholder attempting to acquire a 15%
or greater interest in the Company) with the right to purchase stock in the
Company at a discount in the event any person attempts to acquire a 15% or
greater interest in the Company. Because this plan could make it more expensive
for a person to acquire a controlling interest in the Company, it could have the
effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company even if a
change in control were in the stockholders' interest.

Changes in our investment and financing policies may be made without stockholder
approval.

         Our investment and financing policies, and our policies with respect to
certain other activities, including our growth, debt, capitalization,
distributions, REIT status, and operating policies, are determined by our Board
of Directors. Although the Board of Directors has no present intention to do so,
these policies may be amended or revised from time to time at the discretion of
the Board of Directors without notice to or a vote of our stockholders.
Accordingly, stockholders may not have control over changes in our policies and
changes in our policies may not fully serve the interests of all stockholders.

                                       15
<PAGE>

Substantial sales of our common stock could cause our stock price to fall.

         Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the
perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect prevailing market
prices for shares. As of December 31, 2003, up to 3,300,000 shares of our common
stock may be issued in the future to the limited partners of the Operating
Partnership in exchange for their Common or Convertible Preferred OP Units.
These Preferred OP Units are convertible at prices ranging from $44 to $68. The
limited partners may sell such shares pursuant to registration rights or an
available exemption from registration. Also, Water Oak, Ltd., a former owner of
one of the Properties, will be issued Common OP Units with a value of
approximately $1,000,000 annually through 2007. In 2008 and 2009, Water Oak,
Ltd. will be issued Common OP Units with a value of approximately $1,200,000. In
addition, as of December 31, 2003, options to purchase 810,751 shares of our
common stock were outstanding under our 1993 Employee Stock Option Plan, our
1993 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan and our Long-Term Incentive Plan
(the "Plans") and an additional 364,513 shares have been reserved for issuance
pursuant to the Plans. No prediction can be made regarding the effect that
future sales of shares of our common stock will have on the market price of
shares.

An increase in interest rates may have an adverse effect on the price of our
common stock.

         One of the factors that may influence the price of our common stock in
the public market will be the annual distributions to stockholders relative to
the prevailing market price of the common stock. An increase in market interest
rates may tend to make the common stock less attractive relative to other
investments, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

                                       16
<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

         General. As of December 31, 2003, the Properties consisted of 115
manufactured housing communities, five recreational vehicle communities, and
seven properties containing both manufactured housing and recreational vehicle
sites located in seventeen states concentrated in the midwestern and
southeastern United States. As of December 31, 2003, the Properties contained
43,875 developed sites comprised of 38,797 developed manufactured home sites and
5,078 recreational vehicle sites and an additional 6,756 manufactured home sites
suitable for development. Most of the Properties include amenities oriented
towards family and retirement living. Of the 127 Properties, 61 have more than
300 developed manufactured home sites, with the largest having 913 developed
manufactured home sites.

         As of December 31, 2003, the Properties had an occupancy rate of 89.5
percent in stabilized communities and 58.7 percent in development communities
and the aggregate occupancy rate was 86 percent excluding recreational vehicle
sites. Since January 1, 2003, the Properties have averaged an aggregate annual
turnover of homes (where the home is moved out of the community) of
approximately 3.9 percent and an average annual turnover of residents (where the
home is sold and remains within the community, typically without interruption of
rental income) of approximately 7.4 percent.

         We believe that our Properties' high amenity levels contribute to low
turnover and generally high occupancy rates. All of the Properties provide
residents with attractive amenities with most offering a clubhouse, a swimming
pool, laundry facilities and cable television service. Many Properties offer
additional amenities such as sauna/whirlpool spas, tennis, shuffleboard and
basketball courts and/or exercise rooms.

         We have tried to concentrate our communities within certain geographic
areas in order to achieve economies of scale in management and operation. The
Properties are principally concentrated in the midwestern and southeastern
United States. We believe that geographic diversification will help insulate the
portfolio from regional economic influences.

         The following table sets forth certain information relating to the
properties owned as of December 31, 2003:

<TABLE>
                                            DEVELOPED           OCCUPANCY            OCCUPANCY           OCCUPANCY
                                           SITES AS OF            AS OF                AS OF               AS OF
          PROPERTY AND LOCATION            12/31/2003          12/31/01(1)          12/31/02(1)         12/31/03(1)
          ---------------------            ----------          -----------          -----------         -----------
<S>                                        <C>                 <C>                  <C>                 <C>
MIDWEST
MICHIGAN
Academy/West Pointe                           441                  98%                  98%                 96%
  Canton, MI
Allendale Meadows Mobile Village              352                  96%                  93%                 88%
  Allendale, MI
Alpine Meadows Mobile Village                 403                  96%                  96%                 94%
  Grand Rapids, MI
Bedford Hills Mobile Village                  339                  98%                  95%                 91%
  Battle Creek, MI
Brentwood Mobile Village                      195                  99%                  96%                 94%
  Kentwood, MI
</TABLE>

                                       17
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                                                    DEVELOPED        OCCUPANCY        OCCUPANCY        OCCUPANCY
                                                                   SITES AS OF         AS OF            AS OF            AS OF
                 PROPERTY AND LOCATION                             12/31/2003       12/31/01(1)      12/31/02(1)      12/31/03(1)
                 ---------------------                             ----------       -----------      -----------      -----------
<S>                                                                <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Byron Center Mobile Village                                            143              98%              98%              95%
  Byron Center, MI
Candlewick Court Manufactured Housing Community                        211              97%              97%              93%
  Owosso, MI
College Park Estates Manufactured Housing Community                    230              95%              92%              85%
  Canton, MI
Continental Estates Manufactured Housing Community                     385              84%              79%              70%
  Davison, MI
Continental North Manufactured Housing Community                       474              89%              84%              75%
  Davison, MI
Country Acres Mobile Village                                           182              96%              95%              93%
  Cadillac, MI
Country Meadows Mobile Village                                         577              99%              98%              94%
  Flat Rock, MI
Countryside Village Manufactured Housing Community                     359              98%              96%              91%
  Perry, MI
Creekwood Meadows Mobile Home Park                                     336              88%              85%              74%
  Burton, MI
Cutler Estates Mobile Village                                          259              97%              96%              90%
  Grand Rapids, MI
Davison East Manufactured Housing Community                            190              80%              88%              81%
  Davison, MI
Falcon Pointe (8)                                                       62              (3)              (3)              26%(8)
  East Lansing, MI
Fisherman's Cove Manufactured Housing Community                        162              95%              94%              90%
  Flint, MI
Grand Mobile Estates                                                   230              93%              95%              89%
  Grand Rapids, MI
Hamlin Manufactured Housing Community (4)                              170              99%             85%(4)            88%(4)
  Webberville, MI
Kensington Meadows Mobile Home Park                                    290              98%              92%              84%
  Lansing, MI
Kings Court Mobile Village                                             639             100%              98%              97%
  Traverse City, MI
Knollwood Estates                                                      161              97%              94%              89%
  Allendale, MI
Lafayette Place                                                        254              97%              98%              96%
  Metro Detroit, MI
Lincoln Estates Mobile Home Park                                       191              96%              95%              95%
  Holland, MI
Meadow Lake Estates Manufactured Housing Community                     425             100%              97%              93%
  White Lake, MI
Meadowbrook Estates Manufactured Housing Community                     453              98%              97%              96%
  Monroe, MI
Presidential Estates Mobile Village                                    364              99%              95%              89%
  Hudsonville, MI
Richmond Place                                                         117              97%              100%            100%
  Metro Detroit, MI
River Haven Village                                                    721              78%              79%              77%
  Grand Haven, MI
Scio Farms Estates                                                     913              99%              99%              98%
  Ann Arbor, MI
Sherman Oaks Manufactured Housing Community                            366              97%              94%              88%
  Jackson, MI
St. Clair Place                                                        100             100%              99%              98%
  Metro Detroit, MI
Sunset Ridge (8)                                                       144              13%(8)           45%(8)           71%(8)
  Portland Township, MI
</TABLE>

                                       18
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                                             DEVELOPED            OCCUPANCY           OCCUPANCY         OCCUPANCY
                                                            SITES AS OF             AS OF               AS OF             AS OF
                  PROPERTY AND LOCATION                     12/31/2003           12/31/01(1)         12/31/02(1)       12/31/03(1)
                  ---------------------                     ----------           -----------         -----------       -----------
<S>                                                         <C>                  <C>                 <C>               <C>
Timberline Estates Manufactured Housing Community                296                  96%                  94%             90%
  Grand Rapids, MI
Town & Country Mobile Village                                    192                  99%                  99%             99%
  Traverse City, MI
Village Trails                                                   100                  77%                  80%             71%
  Howard City,  MI
White Lake Mobile Home Village (4)                               315                  85%(4)               96%             96%
  White Lake, MI
White Oak Estates                                                480                  88%                  86%             84%
  Mt. Morris, MI
Windham Hills Estates (4)                                        402                  91%                  82%(4)          73%(4)
  Jackson, MI
Woodhaven Place                                                  220                 100%                  98%             98%
                                                              ------              ------               ------          ------
  Metro Detroit, MI
MICHIGAN TOTAL                                                12,843                  94%                  92%             88%
                                                              ======              ======               ======          ======

Indiana
Brookside Mobile Home Village                                    570                  93%                  88%             81%
  Goshen, IN
Carrington Pointe                                                320                  81%                  81%             78%
  Ft. Wayne, IN
Clear Water Mobile Village                                       227                  90%                  86%             78%
  South Bend, IN
Cobus Green Mobile Home Park                                     386                  87%                  81%             75%
  Elkhart, IN
Deerfield Run Manufactured Home Community (4)                    175                  60%(4)               73%(4)          73%(4)
  Anderson, IN
Four Seasons Mobile Home Park                                    218                  98%                  95%             94%
  Elkhart, IN
Holiday Mobile Home Village                                      326                  97%                  95%             93%
  Elkhart, IN
Liberty Farms Communities                                        220                  98%                  99%             98%
  Valparaiso, IN
Maplewood Mobile Home Park                                       207                  91%                  97%             88%
  Lawrence, IN
Meadows Mobile Home Park                                         330                  89%                  85%             79%
  Nappanee, IN
Pebble Creek(8) (9)                                              258                  (9)                  76%(8)          79%(8)
  Greenwood, IN
Pine Hills Mobile Home Subdivision                               129                  96%                  95%             84%
  Middlebury, IN
Roxbury Park                                                     398                  92%                  94%             94%
  Goshen, IN
Timberbrook Mobile Home Park                                     567                  90%                  84%             75%
  Bristol, IN
Valley Brook Mobile Home Park                                    799                  95%                  88%             85%
  Indianapolis, IN
West Glen Village Mobile Home Park                               552                  98%                  96%             88%
  Indianapolis, IN
Woodlake Estates (4)                                             338                  69%(4)               72%(4)          62%(4)
  Ft. Wayne, IN
Woods Edge Mobile Village (4)                                    598                  84%(4)               74%(4)          71%(4)
                                                              ------              ------               ------          ------
  West Lafayette, IN
INDIANA TOTAL                                                  6,618                  90%                  86%             81%
                                                              ======              ======               ======          ======
</TABLE>

                                       19
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                                                   DEVELOPED          OCCUPANCY       OCCUPANCY       OCCUPANCY
                                                                  SITES AS OF           AS OF           AS OF           AS OF
              PROPERTY AND LOCATION                               12/31/2003         12/31/01(1)     12/31/02(1)     12/31/03(1)
              ---------------------                               ----------         -----------     -----------     -----------
<S>                                                               <C>                <C>             <C>             <C>
OTHER
Apple Creek Manufactured Home Community and Self Storage              176                91%            94%             93%
  Cincinnati, OH
Autumn Ridge Mobile Home Park                                         413                99%            98%             98%
   Ankeny, IA
Bell Crossing Manufactured Home Community (4)                         239                53%(4)         41%(4)          33%(4)
  Clarksville, TN
Boulder Ridge (4)                                                     527                98%            85%(4)          69%(4)
  Pflugerville, TX
Branch Creek Estates                                                  392               100%            98%             95%
  Austin, TX
Byrne Hill Village Manufactured Home Community                        236                97%            96%            100%
  Toledo, OH
Candlelight Village Mobile Home Park                                  309                98%            95%             93%
  Chicago Heights, IL
Casa del Valle (1)                                                  112/408             100%           100%            100%
  Alamo, TX
Catalina Mobile Home Park                                             462                83%            83%             73%
  Middletown, OH
Chisholm Point Estates                                                416                98%            94%             89%
  Pflugerville, TX
Comal Farms(8) (9)                                                    349                (9)            43%(8)          48%(8)
  New Braunfels, TX
Creekside(8) (9)                                                       47                (9)            66%(8)          72%(8)
  Reidsville, NC
Desert View Village (8)                                                93                25%(8)         40%(8)          48%(8)
  West Wendover, NV
Eagle Crest (8)                                                       318                84%(8)         97%(8)          62%(8)
  Firestone, CO
East Fork(8) (9)                                                      197                (9)            88%(8)          79%(8)
  Batavia, OH
Edwardsville Mobile Home Park                                         634                97%            92%             84%
  Edwardsville, KS
Forest Meadows                                                         76                83%            92%             91%
  Philomath, OR
Glen Laurel(8) (9)                                                    261                (9)            18%(8)          25%(8)
  Concord, NC
High Pointe                                                           411                93%            95%             93%
  Frederica, DE
Kenwood RV and Mobile Home Plaza (7)(1)                              36/289             100%           100%            100%
  LaFeria, TX
Meadowbrook(8) (9)                                                    177                (9)            80%(8)          76%(8)
  Charlotte, NC
North Point Estates (8)                                               108                38%(8)         50%(8)          35%(8)
   Pueblo, CO
Oak Crest (8)                                                         335                (2)            84%(8)          63%(8)
   Austin, TX
Oakwood Village (4)                                                   511                73%(4)         74%(4)          77%(4)
  Dayton, OH
Orchard Lake Manufactured Home Community                              147                97%            97%             97%
  Cincinnati, OH
</TABLE>

                                       20
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                                      DEVELOPED            OCCUPANCY           OCCUPANCY       OCCUPANCY
                                                     SITES AS OF             AS OF               AS OF           AS OF
                  PROPERTY AND LOCATION              12/31/2003           12/31/01(1)         12/31/02(1)     12/31/03(1)
                  ---------------------              ----------           -----------         -----------     -----------
<S>                                                  <C>                  <C>                 <C>             <C>
Pecan Branch (8)                                         69                    67%(8)            74%(8)            83%(8)
  Williamson County, TX
Pheasant Ridge                                          553                    (2)               99%              100%
   Manor Township, PA
Pin Oak Parc Mobile Home Park                           502                    99%               97%               95%
  O'Fallon, MO
Pine Ridge Mobile Home Park                             245                    98%               95%               94%
  Petersburg, VA
River Ranch (8) (9)                                     121                    (9)               (8)               15%(8)
   Austin, TX
River Ridge (8)                                         337                    (2)               89%(8)            85%(8)
   Austin, TX
Saddle Brook (8)                                        258                    (2)               39%(8)            40%(8)
   Austin, TX
Sea Air (7)(1)                                        370/527                  99%              100%               99%
  Rehoboth Beach, DE
Snow to Sun (7)(1)                                    177/492                 100%               99%              100%
  Weslaco, TX
Southfork Mobile Home Park                              477                    95%               90%               84%
  Belton, MO
Stonebridge(8) (9)                                      340                    (9)               83%(8)            59%(8)
  San Antonio, TX
Summit Ridge(8) (9)                                     252                    (9)               91%(8)            56%(8)
  Converse, TX
Sunset Ridge(8) (9)                                     173                    (9)               71%(8)            69%(8)
  Kyle TX
Sun Villa Estates                                       324                   100%               99%               99%
  Reno, NV
Timber Ridge Mobile Home Park                           585                    99%               98%               97%
  Ft. Collins, CO
Westbrook Village (6)                                   344                    99%               97%               93%
  Toledo, OH
Westbrook Senior Village                                112                    94%               99%               99%
  Toledo, OH
Willowbrook Place                                       266                    98%               98%               96%
  Toledo, OH
Woodlake Trails(8) (9)                                  133                    (9)               44%(8)            79%(8)
  San Antonio, TX
Woodland Park Estates                                   399                    98%               94%               92%
  Eugene, OR
Woodside Terrace Manufactured Home Community            439                    98%               96%               95%
  Holland, OH
Worthington Arms Mobile Home Park                       224                    99%               96%               96%
                                                     ------               -------           -------           -------
  Delaware, OH
OTHER TOTAL                                          14,703                    93%               86%               81%
                                                     ======               =======           =======           =======

SOUTHEAST
FLORIDA
Arbor Terrace RV Park                                   402                    (5)               (5)               (5)
  Bradenton, FL
Ariana Village Mobile Home Park                         208                    86%               88%               88%
  Lakeland, FL
Bonita Lake Resort                                      167                    (5)               (5)               (5)
  Bonita Springs, FL
</TABLE>

                                       21
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                           DEVELOPED        OCCUPANCY         OCCUPANCY          OCCUPANCY
                                                          SITES AS OF         AS OF             AS OF              AS OF
               PROPERTY AND LOCATION                      12/31/2003       12/31/01(1)       12/31/02(1)        12/31/03(1)
               ---------------------                      ----------       -----------       -----------        -----------
<S>                                                       <C>              <C>               <C>                <C>
Buttonwood Bay (7)(1)                                      407/942             100%              100%              100%
   Sebring, FL
Gold Coaster Manufactured Home Community (7) (1)           323/546             100%               98%              100%
  Florida City, FL
Groves RV Resort                                               298              (5)               (5)               (5)
  Lee County, FL
Holly Forest Estates                                           402             100%              100%              100%
  Holly Hill, FL
Indian Creek Park (7) (1)                                 353/1534             100%              100%              100%
  Ft. Myers Beach, FL
Island Lakes Mobile Home Park                                  301             100%              100%              100%
  Merritt Island, FL
Kings Lake Mobile Home Park                                    245              99%              100%              100%
  Debary, FL
Lake Juliana Landings Mobile Home Park                         285              74%               77%               81%
  Auburndale, FL
Lake San Marino RV Park                                        412              (5)               (5)               (5)
  Naples, FL
Leesburg Landing                                                95              68%               69%               73%
  Lake County, FL
Meadowbrook Village Mobile Home Park                           257              99%               99%               98%
  Tampa, FL
Orange Tree Village Mobile Home Park                           246             100%              100%              100%
  Orange City, FL
Royal Country Mobile Home Park                                 864              99%              100%              100%
  Miami, FL
Saddle Oak Club Mobile Home Park                               376             100%              100%              100%
  Ocala, FL
Siesta Bay RV Park                                             839              (5)               (5)               (5)
  Ft. Myers Beach, FL
Silver Star Mobile Village                                     408              98%               99%               98%
  Orlando, FL
Water Oak Country Club Estates                                 884             100%              100%              100%
  Lade Lake, FL                                             ------            ----              ----              ----
Florida Total                                                9,711              96%               97%               98%
                                                            ======            ====              ====              ====

TOTAL/AVERAGE                                               43,875              93%               90%               86%
                                                            ======            ====              ====              ====
TOTAL STABILIZED COMMUNITIES                                39,678              94%               92%               89%
                                                            ======            ====              ====              ====
TOTAL DEVELOPMENT COMMUNITIES                                4,197              45%               65%               59%
                                                            ======            ====              ====              ====
</TABLE>

         (1)      Occupancy percentage relates to manufactured housing sites,
                  excluding recreational vehicle sites. Data presented MH
                  Sites/Total Sites.

         (2)      Acquired in 2002.

         (3)      Acquired in 2003.

         (4)      Occupancy in these properties reflects the fact that these
                  communities are in their initial lease-up phase following an
                  expansion.

         (5)      This Property contains only recreational vehicle sites.

         (6)      The Company formerly leased this Property and the Company
                  purchased this Property in January 2004.

         (7)      This Property contains recreational vehicle sites.

         (8)      Occupancy in these properties reflects the fact that these
                  communities are newly developed from the ground up.

         (9)      This Property is owned by an affiliate of Sunchamp LLC, an
                  entity in which the Company owns approximately a 66 percent
                  equity interest as of December 31, 2003. Prior to 2002, the
                  Company held a minority interest in Sunchamp LLC and,
                  therefore, did not treat this Property as a Property owned by
                  the Company. As a result, the Company did not report any
                  information in respect of this Property for such periods.

                                       22
<PAGE>

         Leases. The typical lease we enter into with a tenant for the rental of
a site is month-to-month or year-to-year, renewable upon the consent of both
parties, or, in some instances, as provided by statute. In some cases, leases
are for one-year terms, with up to ten renewal options exercisable by the
tenant, with rent adjusted for increases in the consumer price index. These
leases are cancelable for non-payment of rent, violation of community rules and
regulations or other specified defaults. During the past five years, on average
3.3 percent of the homes in our communities have been removed by their owners
and 7.8 percent of the homes have been sold by their owners to a new owner who
then assumes rental obligations as a community resident. The small percentage of
homes removed from our communities is impacted by the $3,000 to $8,000 cost to
move a home. The above experience can be summarized as follows: the average
resident remains in our communities for approximately nine years, while the
average home, which gives rise to the rental stream, remains in our communities
for approximately thirty years. See "Regulations and Insurance."

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

                  On April 9, 2003, T.J. Holdings, LLC ("TJ Holdings"), a member
of Sun/Forest, LLC ("Sun/Forest") (which, in turn, owns an equity interest in
SunChamp LLC), filed a complaint against the Company, SunChamp LLC, certain
other affiliates of the Company and two directors of Sun Communities, Inc. in
the Superior Court of Guilford County, North Carolina. The complaint alleges
that the defendants wrongfully deprived the plaintiff of economic opportunities
that they took for themselves in contravention of duties allegedly owed to the
plaintiff and purports to claim damages of $13.0 million plus an unspecified
amount for punitive damages. The Company believes the complaint and the claims
threatened therein have no merit and will defend it vigorously.

                  The Company is involved in various other legal proceedings
arising in the ordinary course of business. All such proceedings, taken
together, are not expected to have a material adverse impact on our results of
operations or financial condition.


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

                  Not applicable

                                       23
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

MARKET INFORMATION

               Our common stock has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange
("NYSE") since December 8, 1993 under the symbol "SUI." On March 1, 2004, the
closing sales price of the common stock was $40.97 and the common stock was held
by approximately 608 holders of record. The following table sets forth the high
and low closing sales prices per share for the common stock for the periods
indicated as reported by the NYSE and the distributions per share paid by the
Company with respect to each such period.

<TABLE>
                                                       High               Low         Distribution
                                                       ----               ---         ------------
<S>                                                   <C>                <C>          <C>
FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002
     First Quarter of 2002                            40.19              36.73            0.55
     Second Quarter of 2002                           42.60              39.00            0.58
     Third Quarter of 2002                            41.93              33.50            0.58
     Fourth Quarter of 2002                           37.00              32.25            0.58

FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003
     First Quarter of 2003                            37.92              32.87            0.58
     Second Quarter of 2003                           40.46              35.75            0.61
     Third Quarter of 2003                            41.00              37.56            0.61
     Fourth Quarter of 2003                           40.65              35.78            0.61
</TABLE>

         RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES

         On January 2, 2003, the Operating Partnership issued 41,700 Series B-3
Preferred Units to the members of Willowbrook Co., Ltd, paid approximately $0.9
million in cash and assumed approximately $1.6 million of debt, which was
immediately retired, in exchange for property with a net agreed upon value of
$6.6 million. On January 5, 2004 the Operating Partnership issued 47,250 Series
B-3 Preferred Units to the members of Westbrook Co., Ltd, paid approximately
$1.2 million in cash and assumed approximately $4.2 million of debt, which was
immediately retired, in exchange for property with a net agreed upon value of
$10.1 million. Holders of the Series B-3 Units may redeem the Series B-3 Units
(a) within the ninety (90) day period following each of the fifth, sixth,
seventh, eighth, ninth and tenth anniversaries of the issuance date, (b) in the
event of the death of a holder, and (c) at any time after the tenth anniversary.
The redemption price is $100 per Series B-3 Unit. The Operating Partnership has
the right to redeem the Series B-3 Units at any time after the tenth
anniversary.

         In 2003, the Company issued an aggregate of 97,416 shares of its common
stock upon conversion of an aggregate of 97,416 partnership units.

         All of the above partnership units and shares of common stock were
issued in private placements in reliance on Section 4(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, including Regulation D promulgated thereunder. No
underwriters were used in connection with any of such issuances.

                                       24
<PAGE>

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION

         The following table reflects information about the securities
authorized for issuance under the Company's equity compensation plans as of
December 31, 2003.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    (a)                         (b)                     (c)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                 NUMBER OF SECURITIES
                                                 NUMBER OF                                     REMAINING AVAILABLE FOR
                                             SECURITIES TO BE            WEIGHTED-AVERAGE       FUTURE ISSUANCE UNDER
                                             ISSUED UPON EXERCISE       EXERCISE PRICE OF        EQUITY COMPENSATION
                                               OF OUTSTANDING              OUTSTANDING             PLANS (EXCLUDING
                                             OPTIONS, WARRANTS           OPTIONS, WARRANTS     SECURITIES REFLECTED IN
           PLAN CATEGORY                         AND RIGHTS                  AND RIGHTS                COLUMN A)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>                         <C>                    <C>
Equity compensation plans approved by               723,094                     $29.04                  364,513
shareholders
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Equity compensation plans not approved by
shareholders (1)                                     87,657                     $32.75                        0
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               TOTAL                                810,751                     $29.44                  364,513
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)      On May 29, 1997, the Company established a Long Term Incentive Plan
         (the "LTIP") pursuant to which all full-time salaried and full-time
         commission only employees of the Company, excluding the Company's
         officers, were entitled to receive options to purchase shares of the
         Company's common stock at $32.75 per share (i.e., the average of the
         highest and lowest selling prices for the common stock on May 29,
         1997), on January 31, 2002. In accordance with the terms of the LTIP,
         (a) the Company granted the eligible participants options to purchase
         167,918 shares of common stock; and (b) each eligible participant
         received an option to purchase a number of shares of common stock equal
         to the product of 167,918 and the quotient derived by dividing such
         participant's total compensation during the period beginning on January
         1, 1997 and ending on December 31, 2001 (the "Award Period") by the
         aggregate compensation of all of the eligible participants during the
         Award Period.

                                       25
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                              ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 2003 (c)       2002 (b)         2001 (b)     2000 (b)      1999 (b)
                                              ------------     ---------        ---------     --------     ----------
                                                           In thousands except for per share and other data)
<S>                                           <C>              <C>              <C>           <C>          <C>
REVENUES
Income from rental property                     $ 159,115      $ 149,875         $136,969     $129,279     $122,385
Revenues from home sales                           19,516              -                -            -            -
Ancillary service revenues, net                     3,409              -                -            -            -
Interest                                           11,354          7,990           10,305        9,386        6,101
Other income (loss)                                (4,256)         2,304            3,695        4,112        1,703
                                                ---------      ---------         --------     --------     --------
   Total revenues                                 189,138        160,169          150,969      142,777      130,189

COSTS AND EXPENSES
Property operating and maintenance                 39,837         33,751           29,258       27,832       26,574
Cost of home sales                                 13,879              -                -            -            -
Real estate taxes                                  11,746         10,217            9,162        8,768        8,579
Selling, general, and administrative               18,181          7,722            7,373        7,013        6,320
Depreciation and amortization                      44,120         37,900           32,716       29,900       27,829
Interest                                           36,680         32,375           31,016       29,651       27,289
                                                ---------      ---------         --------     --------     --------
   Total expenses                                 164,443        121,965          109,525      103,164       96,591

 Equity income (loss) from affiliates                 667        (16,627)(a)          131          607        1,726

                                                ---------      ---------         --------     --------     --------

      Income from operations                       25,362         21,577           41,575       40,220       35,324

Less income allocated to minority interest:        11,620          9,605           13,150       12,837        8,168

 Income from continuing operations                 13,742         11,972           28,425       27,383       27,156
 Income from discontinued operations                9,972          1,620            5,485        5,911        1,933
                                                ---------      ---------         --------     --------     --------
      Net income                                $  23,714      $  13,592         $ 33,910     $ 33,294     $ 29,089
                                                =========      =========         ========     ========     ========

Weighted average common shares outstanding:
   Basic                                           18,206         17,595           17,258       17,304       17,191
                                                =========      =========         ========     ========     ========
   Diluted                                         18,345         17,781           17,440       17,390       17,343
                                                =========      =========         ========     ========     ========
Basic earnings per share:
   Continuing operations                        $    0.75      $    0.68         $   1.64     $   1.58     $   1.58
   Discontinued operations                           0.55           0.09             0.32         0.34         0.11
                                                ---------      ---------         --------     --------     --------
Net income                                      $    1.30      $    0.77         $   1.96     $   1.92     $   1.69
                                                =========      =========         ========     ========     ========
Diluted earnings per share:
   Continuing operations                        $    0.75      $    0.67         $   1.63     $   1.57     $   1.57
   Discontinued operations                           0.54           0.09             0.31         0.34         0.11
                                                ---------      ---------         --------     --------     --------
   Net income                                   $    1.29      $    0.76         $   1.94     $   1.91     $   1.68
                                                =========      =========         ========     ========     ========

Distributions per common share                  $    2.41      $    2.29         $   2.18     $   2.10     $   2.02
                                                =========      =========         ========     ========     ========
</TABLE>

                                       26
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                           ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              2003              2002             2001            2000            1999
                                           ----------        --------------    --------        --------        --------
                                                        (In thousands except for per share and other data)
<S>                                        <C>               <C>               <C>             <C>             <C>
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Rental property, before accumulated
     depreciation                          $1,220,405        $1,174,837        $969,936        $867,377        $847,696
Total assets                               $1,221,574        $1,163,976        $994,449        $966,628        $904,032
Total debt                                 $  773,328        $  667,373        $495,198        $464,508        $401,564
Stockholders' equity                       $  326,610        $  319,532        $329,641        $336,034        $338,358
OTHER DATA (AT END OF PERIOD):
Total properties                                  127               129             116             109             110
Total Sites                                    43,875            43,959          40,544          38,282          38,217
</TABLE>

(a)      Included in equity income (loss) from affiliates in 2002 is a $13.6
         million valuation adjustment of the Company's investment in Origen.

(b)      Revenues and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001, 2000
         and 1999 have been restated to reflect the reclassifications required
         under SFAS No. 144 for the four properties sold in 2003.

(c)      Selected financial data for 2003 includes amounts from SHS which was
         consolidated during 2003.

                                       27
<PAGE>

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

         The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the
Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto elsewhere herein.

         The Company is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed
REIT which owns, operates, develops and finances manufactured housing
communities concentrated in the midwestern and southeastern United States. As of
December 31, 2003, the Company owned and operated a portfolio of 127 developed
properties located in seventeen states, including 115 manufactured housing
communities, five recreational vehicle communities, and seven properties
containing both manufactured housing and recreational vehicle sites.

         During 2003, the Company acquired one manufactured housing community
located in East Lansing, Michigan, comprising 62 developed sites and 182 sites
suitable for development for $4.5 million, and the Company sold four
manufactured housing communities located in Michigan and Illinois which
comprised 731 sites for $24.8 million.

         The Company has been experiencing increased vacancies due primarily to
the glut of repossessed homes caused by lax credit standards in the mid to late
1990's. As lenders recognize their problems and repossess homes, the Company's
vacancies rise. Industry estimates are that such conditions are abating and the
number of repossessed homes in 2004 will approximate 60,000, roughly one-half of
the number in recent years. This abatement should have positive effects on new
home sales which fill sites in the Company's communities.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

         Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations discusses the Company's consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting periods. In preparing these financial statements,
management has made its best estimates and judgment of certain amounts included
in the financial statements. Nevertheless, actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

         Management believes the following significant accounting policies,
among others, affect its more significant judgments and estimates used in the
preparation of its consolidated financial statements:

         Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. Rental property is recorded at cost,
less accumulated depreciation. Management evaluates the recoverability of its
investment in rental property whenever events or changes in circumstances, such
as recent operating results, expected net operating cash flow and plans for
future operations, indicate that full asset recoverability is questionable. If
such assets were deemed to be impaired as a result of this measurement, the
impairment that would be recognized is measured by the amount by which the
carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset as determined
on a discounted net cash flow basis.

                                       28
<PAGE>

         Notes Receivable. The Company evaluates the recoverability of its notes
receivable whenever events occur or there are changes in circumstances such that
management believes it is probable that it will be unable to collect all amounts
due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. The loan is then
measured based on the present value of the expected future cash flow discounted
at the loan's effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the
loan is collateral dependent.

         Depreciation. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over
the estimated useful lives of the assets. The Company uses a thirty year useful
life for land improvements and buildings and a seven to fifteen year useful life
for furniture, fixtures and equipment.

         Revenue Recognition. Rental income attributable to leases is recorded
on a straight-line basis when earned from tenants. Leases entered into by
tenants generally range from month-to-month to one year and are renewable by
mutual agreement of the Company and the resident.

         Capitalized Costs. The Company capitalizes certain costs (including
interest and other costs) incurred in connection with the development,
redevelopment, capital enhancement and leasing of its properties. Management is
required to use professional judgment in determining whether such costs meet the
criteria for immediate expense or capitalization. The amounts are dependent on
the volume and timing of such activities and the costs associated with such
activities. Maintenance, repairs and minor improvements to properties are
expensed when incurred. Renovations and improvements to properties are
capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives and construction
costs related to the development of new community or expansion sites are
capitalized until the property is substantially complete. Certain expenditures
to dealers and residents related to obtaining lessees in our communities are
capitalized and amortized over a seven year period; shorter than the average
resident's occupancy in the home and the average term that the home is in our
community. Costs associated with implementing the Company's new computer systems
are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful lives of the related
software and hardware.

         Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. The Company has entered
into three interest rate swap agreements to offset interest rate risk. The
Company does not enter into derivative transactions for speculative purposes.
The Company adjusts its balance sheet on an ongoing quarterly basis to reflect
current fair market value of its derivatives. Changes in the fair value of
derivatives are recorded each period in earnings or comprehensive income, as
appropriate. The ineffective portion of the hedge is immediately recognized in
earnings to the extent that the change in value of a derivative does not
perfectly offset the change in value of the instrument being hedged. The
unrealized gains and losses held in accumulated other comprehensive income will
be reclassified to earnings over time and occurs when the hedged items are also
recognized in earnings. The Company uses standard market conventions to
determine the fair values of derivative instruments, including the quoted market
prices or quotes from brokers or dealers for the same or similar instruments.
All methods of assessing fair value result in a general approximation of value
and such value may never actually be realized.

         Deferred Tax Assets. SHS currently has significant deferred tax assets,
which are subject to periodic recoverability assessments. SHS has recognized
deferred tax assets of $2.0 million, net of a valuation reserve of $3.0 million.
Realization of these deferred tax assets is principally dependent upon SHS's
achievement of expected future taxable income. Judgments regarding future
profitability may change due to future market conditions, SHS's ability to
continue to successfully execute its business plan, and other factors.


                                       29
<PAGE>

         Income Taxes. The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT as defined
under Section 856(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. In order
for the Company to qualify as a REIT, at least ninety-five percent (95%) of the
Company's gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources. As a
REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to U.S. Federal income taxes at
the corporate level if it distributes at least ninety percent (90%) of its REIT
ordinary taxable income to its stockholders, which it fully intends to do. If
the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, the Company will be
subject to Federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax)
on its taxable income at regular corporate rates. The Company remains subject to
certain state and local taxes on its income and property as well as Federal
income and excise taxes on its undistributed income.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Comparison of year ended December 31, 2003 to year ended December 31, 2002

         For the year ended December 31, 2003, income from operations increased
by $3.8 million from $21.6 million to $25.4 million, when compared to the year
ended December 31, 2002. The increase was due to increased revenues of $29.0
million and increased results from affiliates of $17.3 million partially offset
by increased expenses of $42.5 million. The year 2003 included SHS on a
consolidated basis as discussed below.

         Income from rental property increased by $9.2 million from $149.9
million to $159.1 million, or 6.2 percent, due to rent increases and other
community revenues ($3.4 million) and acquisitions ($5.8 million).

         Interest income increased by $3.4 million from $8.0 million to $11.4
million, or 42.1 percent, due principally to larger outstanding balances of
notes and investments at higher rates of interest.

         Other operating income decreased by $6.6 million from $2.3 million to
($4.3) million, due primarily to reduced development fee income and a $4.9
million write down of an impaired asset.

         The remaining revenue increases of $22.9 million relate to the
consolidation of Sun Home Services which is discussed in detail below.

         Property operating and maintenance expenses increased by $6.1 million
from $33.7 million to $39.8 million, or 18.0 percent. The increase was primarily
due to increases in utility costs ($1.8 million) and increases in repair and
maintenance expenses ($1.3 million). Acquisitions during 2002 and the
consolidation of SunChamp properties accounted for the remaining increase of
$3.0 million.

         Real estate taxes increased by $1.5 million from $10.2 million to $11.7
million, or 15.0 percent due to acquisitions made in 2002 ($0.7 million) and
increases in assessments and tax rate ($0.8 million).

         Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased by $10.4
million from $7.7 million to $18.1 million, due to the consolidation of Sun Home
Services ($7.6 million), professional fees ($0.4 million), expenses related to
office relocation ($0.2 million), Michigan Single Business tax ($0.2 million),
compensation expenses, including benefits, primarily related

                                       30
<PAGE>

to the SunChamp acquisition and a systems conversion ($1.7 million), and
assorted other minor increases ($0.3 million).

         Depreciation and amortization increased by $6.2 million from $37.9
million to $44.1 million, or 16.4 percent, due primarily to the consolidation of
Sun Home Services ($1.0 million) and additional investment in rental property.

         Interest expense increased by $4.3 million from $32.4 million to $36.7
million, or 13.3 percent, due to increased debt levels partially offset by lower
interest rates ($1.5 million), decreased capitalized interest ($0.8 million), an
increase in financing costs ($0.6 million), and an increase in interest rates
related to fixing rates on $75.0 million of debt ($2.7 million). These increases
were partially offset by $1.3 million of income related primarily to the change
in market value of an interest rate swap contract that does not qualify for
hedge accounting.

         Equity income from affiliates of $0.7 million represents the Company's
one-third interest in the operations of Origen for its initial operating period
after a recapitalization in October, 2003.

         The remaining expense increase of $13.9 million relates to the
consolidation of Sun Home Services which is discussed in detail below.

Sun Home Services

         Prior to January 1, 2003, the results of operations of Sun Home
Services were accounted for using the equity method and reported as a single
line item called equity in income from affiliates. As the Company is the primary
beneficiary of the results of operations of Sun Home Services, it is appropriate
to consolidate Sun Home Services at December 31, 2003. This has no effect on
previously reported net income.

         The following table summarizes certain financial and statistical data
for Sun Home Services for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    INCREASE/
                                       2003           2002         (DECREASE)     PERCENT CHANGE
                                    ---------     ----------        ---------     --------------
                                                  (Pro Forma)
<S>                                 <C>           <C>              <C>            <C>
New home sales revenues              $13,169        $15,890        $(2,721)          (17.1%)
Cost of sales                          9,159         12,907         (3,748)          (29.0%)
                                     -------        -------        -------           -----
Gross profit                           4,010          2,983          1,027            34.4%
                                     =======        =======        =======           =====

Pre-owned home sales revenues        $ 6,347        $ 3,214        $ 3,133            97.5%
Cost of sales                          4,720          2,586          2,134            82.5%
                                     -------        -------        -------           -----
Gross profit                           1,627            628            999           159.1%
                                     =======        =======        =======           =====

Ancillary revenue, net               $ 3,409        $ 1,519        $ 1,890           124.4%
                                     =======        =======        =======           =====

Home sales volumes:
     New homes                           257            286            (29)         (10.1%)
     Pre-owned homes                     283            174            109           62.6%
</TABLE>

         New home sales declined by 10.1 percent, while revenues and costs of
sales declined by

                                       31
<PAGE>

17.1 and 29.0 percent, respectively. Gross profit increased by 34.4 percent as
cost of sales declined by more than revenues due to the purchase of new homes at
a substantial discount. Pre-owned home unit sales increased by 62.6 percent
while revenues and cost of sales increased by 97.5 percent and 82.5 percent,
respectively. Gross profit increased by 159.1 percent as revenues grew more than
cost of sales due to strong demand for the value in pre-owned homes.

         The increase in ancillary revenue, net, is primarily due to increased
activity in the Company's rental home program.

Comparison of year ended December 31, 2002 to year ended December 31, 2001

         For the year ended December 31, 2002, income from operations decreased
by $20.0 million from $41.6 million to $21.6 million, when compared to the year
ended December 31, 2001. The decrease was due to increased expenses of $12.5
million, increased revenues of $9.2 million and increased loss from affiliates
of $16.7 million as described in more detail below.

         Income from rental property increased by $12.9 million from $137.0
million to $149.9 million, or 9.4 percent, due to rent increases and other
community revenues ($5.9 million) and acquisitions ($7.0 million).

         Interest income decreased by $2.3 million from $10.3 million to $8.0
million, or 22.5 percent, due primarily to a decrease in interest earning notes
and receivables.

         Other income decreased by $1.4 million from $3.7 million to $2.3
million, or 37.8 percent, due primarily to reduced development fee income.

         Property operating and maintenance expenses increased by $4.4 million
from $29.3 million to $33.7 million, or 15.0 percent, due to acquired
communities ($1.9 million) and increases in costs including payroll ($1.2
million), workers' compensation ($0.5 million), and cable television ($0.3
million), and other expenses ($0.5 million).

         Real estate taxes increased by $1.0 million from $9.2 million to $10.2
million, or 11.5 percent due to acquired communities ($0.5 million) and changes
in certain assessments.

         General and administrative expenses increased by $0.3 million from $7.4
million to $7.7 million, representing 4.8 percent and 4.9 percent of total
revenues in 2002 and 2001, respectively.

         Depreciation and amortization increased by $5.2 million from $32.7
million to $37.9 million, due primarily to the net additional investments in
rental properties.

               Interest expense increased by $1.4 million from $31.0 million to
$32.4 million due primarily to financing additional investments in rental
property ($6.0 million), offset by decreasing rates on variable rate debt ($4.9
million).

               Equity loss from affiliates increased by $16.7 million from
income of $0.1 million to a loss of $16.6 million primarily due to equity losses
at SHS ($0.7 million), SunChamp ($0.4 million) and Origen ($1.7 million) and the
valuation adjustment of the Company's investment in Origen ($13.6 million) and a
technology investment ($0.3 million).

                                       32
<PAGE>

SAME PROPERTY INFORMATION

         The following table reflects property-level financial information as of
and for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002. The "Same Property" data
represents information regarding the operation of communities owned as of
January 1, 2002 and December 31, 2003. Site, occupancy, and rent data for those
communities is presented as of the last day of each period presented. The "Total
Portfolio" column differentiates from the "Same Property" column by including
financial information for properties acquired after January 1, 2002 and new
development communities.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        SAME PROPERTY (3)                        TOTAL PORTFOLIO
                                               ---------------------------------          -----------------------------
                                                      2003             2002                  2003               2002
                                               -----------------    ------------          ---------           ---------
                                                         (in thousands)                           (in thousands)
<S>                                            <C>                  <C>                   <C>                 <C>
Income from property                              $135,220            $132,100            $159,115            $149,875
                                                  --------            --------            --------            --------
Property operating expenses
     Property operating and maintenance             26,663              24,865              39,837              33,751
     Real estate taxes                              10,578               9,892              11,746              10,217
                                                  --------            --------            --------            --------
            Property operating expenses             37,241              34,757              51,583              43,968
                                                  --------            --------            --------            --------

Property net operating income (2)                 $ 97,979            $ 97,343            $107,532            $105,907
                                                  ========            ========            ========            ========

Number of properties                                   105                 105                 127                 129
Developed sites                                     38,255              38,253              43,875              43,959
Occupied sites                                      33,533              34,514              36,361              38,940
Occupancy %                                           89.1%               92.0%               86.1%               89.9%
Weighted Average monthly rent per site            $    328 (1)        $    315 (1)        $    328 (1)        $    315 (1)
Sites available for development                      1,545               2,018               6,756               7,642
Sites planned for development in next year              30                  99                 258                 175
</TABLE>

(1)      Occupancy % and weighted average rent relates to manufactured housing
         sites, excluding recreational vehicle sites.

(2)      Investors in and analysts following the real estate industry utilize
         net operating income ("NOI") as a supplemental performance measure. The
         Company considers NOI, given its wide use by and relevance to investors
         and analysts, an appropriate supplemental measure to net income because
         NOI provides a measure of rental operations and does not factor in
         depreciation/amortization and non-property specific expenses such as
         general and administrative expenses.

(3)      Same property information does not include properties sold during the
         year ended December 31, 2003.

         On a same property basis, property net operating income increased by
$0.6 million from $97.3 million to $97.9 million, or 0.6 percent. Income from
property increased by $3.1 million from $132.1 million to $135.2 million, or 2.3
percent, due primarily to increases in rents including water and property tax
pass through.

Property operating expenses increased by $1.8 million from $24.9 million to
$26.7 million, or 7.2 percent, due to increases in real estate taxes ($0.7
million), repair and maintenance ($0.9 million), and payroll ($0.2 million).

                                       33
<PAGE>

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         The Company's principal liquidity demands have historically been, and
are expected to continue to be, distributions to the Company's stockholders and
the Operating Partnership's unitholders, property acquisitions, development and
expansion of properties, capital improvements of properties and debt repayment.

         The Company expects to meet its short-term liquidity requirements
through its working capital provided by operating activities and its line of
credit, as described below. The Company considers its ability to generate cash
from operations (anticipated to be approximately $70 million) to be adequate to
meet all operating requirements, including recurring capital improvements,
routinely amortizing debt and other normally recurring expenditures of a capital
nature, pay dividends to its stockholders to maintain qualification as a REIT in
accordance with the Internal Revenue Code and make distributions to the
Operating Partnership's unitholders.

         The Company plans to invest approximately $5.0 million in developments
consisting of expansions to existing communities and the continuing development
of new communities. The Company expects to finance these investments by using
net cash flows provided by operating activities and by drawing upon its line of
credit.

         Furthermore, the Company expects to invest in the range of $20.0 to
$40.0 million in the acquisition of individual properties in 2004, depending
upon market conditions. The Company plans to finance these investments by using
net cash flows provided by operating activities and by drawing upon its line of
credit.

         Cash and cash equivalents increased by $21.4 million to $24.1 million
at December 31, 2003 compared to $2.7 million at December 31, 2002 due to the
net proceeds received from the sale of four properties. Net cash provided by
operating activities increased by $12.3 million to $63.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2003 compared to $51.0 million for the year ended December
31, 2002. The increase resulted primarily from increased net income, higher
depreciation, the effect of consolidating SHS, and changes in other
miscellaneous asset and liabilities accounts.

         The Company's net cash flows provided by operating activities may be
adversely impacted by, among other things: (a) the market and economic
conditions in the Company's markets; (b) lower occupancy rates of the
Properties; (c) increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, real
estate taxes and utilities, that cannot be passed on to the Company's tenants;
and (d) decreased sales of manufactured homes. See "Factors that May Affect
Future Results."

         In October 2003, the Company acquired a community in East Lansing, MI
and financed the acquisition with a mortgage for $2.3 million and the remainder
in cash.

         The Company entered into a $25 million loan facility in September of
2003, of which $25 million was available to be borrowed at December 31, 2003.
Borrowings bear an interest rate of Federal Funds Effective Rate plus .85% and
mature on March 24, 2004.

         In April 2003 the Company issued $150 million of 5.75 percent senior
notes, due April 15, 2010, and used the proceeds from the offering to retire the
bridge loan of $48 million and senior notes of $85 million which matured on
April 30 and May 1, 2003, respectively. The remaining proceeds paid down the
Company's line of credit.

                                       34
<PAGE>

             The Company has a $105 million unsecured line of credit facility,
which matures in July 2005, with a one-year optional extension. At December 31,
2003, the average interest rate of outstanding borrowings under the line of
credit was 2.05%, $99 million was outstanding and $6 million was available to be
drawn under the facility. The line of credit facility contains various leverage,
debt service coverage, net worth maintenance and other customary covenants all
of which the Company was in compliance with at December 31, 2003.

             The Company's primary long-term liquidity needs are principal
payments on outstanding indebtedness. At December 31, 2003, the Company's
outstanding contractual obligations were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             PAYMENTS DUE BY PERIOD
                                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS)
                                                         --------------------------------------------------------------
CONTRACTUAL CASH OBLIGATIONS           TOTAL DUE          1 YEAR         2-3 YEARS        4-5 YEARS       AFTER 5 YEARS
                                       ----------        ---------    ---------------     ---------       -------------
<S>                                    <C>               <C>          <C>                 <C>             <C>
Line of credit                          $ 99,000         $      -         $ 99,000         $      -         $      -
Collateralized term loan                  41,547              706            1,569           39,272                -
Collateralized term loan - FNMA          152,363                -                -                -          152,363
Senior notes (1)                         350,000                -           65,000          135,000          150,000
Mortgage notes, other                     62,664           24,823           12,276            8,008           17,557
Capitalized lease obligations              9,606            9,606                -                -                -
Redeemable Preferred OP Units             58,148                -            8,176            4,500           45,472
                                        --------         --------         --------         --------         --------
                                        $773,328         $ 35,135         $186,021         $186,780         $365,392
                                        ========         ========         ========         ========         ========
</TABLE>

(1)      The provisions of the callable/redeemable $65 million notes are such
         that the maturity date will likely be 2005 if the 10-year treasury rate
         is greater than 5.7% on May 16, 2005. The maturity is reflected in the
         above table based on that assumption.

         The Company anticipates meeting its long-term liquidity requirements,
such as scheduled debt maturities, large property acquisitions and Operating
Partnership unit redemptions, through the issuance of debt or equity securities,
including equity units in the Operating Partnership, or from selective asset
sales. Since 1993, the Company has raised, in the aggregate, nearly $1 billion
from the sale of shares of its common stock, from the sale of OP units in the
Operating Partnership, and the issuance of secured and unsecured debt
securities. In addition, at December 31, 2003, 92 of the Properties were
unencumbered by debt, therefore, providing substantial financial flexibility.
The ability of the Company to finance its long-term liquidity requirements in
such manner will be affected by numerous economic factors affecting the
manufactured housing community industry at the time, including the availability
and cost of mortgage debt, the financial condition of the Company, the operating
history of the Properties, the state of the debt and equity markets, and the
general national, regional and local economic conditions. See "Factors that May
Affect Future Results". If the Company is unable to obtain additional equity or
debt financing on acceptable terms, the Company's business, results of
operations and financial condition will be harmed.

                                       35
<PAGE>
         Included in debt are $35.8 million of Preferred OP Units which would
require collateralization were the Company to no longer be classified as
investment grade by the rating agencies.

         At December 31, 2003, the Company's debt to total market capitalization
approximated 46.0 percent (assuming conversion of all Common OP Units to shares
of common stock). The debt has a weighted average maturity of approximately 5.2
years and a weighted average interest rate of 5.4 percent.

         Capital expenditures for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002
included recurring capital expenditures of $6.5 million (excluding $1.7 million
related to a main office relocation and $3.4 million related to a software
conversion) and $7.1 million, respectively.

         Net cash used in investing activities was $58.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2003 compared to $168.9 million in the prior year. The
differences are due to: decreased investment in rental properties of $37.0
million; increased proceeds from property disposition of $19.3 million;
increased repayments of notes receivables of $49.5 million; and decreased
investment in and advances to affiliates of $4.2 million. Included in proceeds
from property dispositions is $22.5 million of proceeds deposited with an
intermediary for Section 1031 exchange purposes. These sales proceeds will be
disbursed as the Company exchanges properties under Section 1031 of the Internal
Revenue Code.

         Net cash provided by financing activities was $17.0 million for the
year ended December 31, 2003, compared to $116.0 million in the prior year. The
differences were primarily due to changes in net proceeds from notes payable,
inclusive of borrowings on line of credit, of $109.6 million, increased
distributions of $2.4 million, offset by changes in net proceeds from common
stock issuance of $12.4 million and changes in payments of deferred financing
costs of $0.6 million.

RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

         The Company's ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the years ended
December 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001 was 1.29:1, 1.68:1 and 1.73:1 respectively.

INFLATION

         Most of the leases allow for periodic rent increases which provide the
Company with the opportunity to achieve increases in rental income as each lease
expires. Such types of leases generally minimize the risk of inflation to the
Company.

                                       36
<PAGE>

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT

         This Form 10-K contains various "forward-looking statements" within the
meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
and the Company intends that such forward-looking statements will be subject to
the safe harbors created thereby. For this purpose, any statements contained in
this press release that relate to prospective events or developments are deemed
to be forward-looking statements. Words such as "believes," "forecasts,"
"anticipates," "intends," "plans," "expects," "will" and similar expressions are
intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events and
financial performance, but involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties,
both general and specific to the matters discussed in this press release. These
risks and uncertainties may cause the actual results of the Company to be
materially different from any future results expressed or implied by such
forward looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include the national,
regional and local economic climates, the ability to maintain rental rates and
occupancy levels, competitive market forces, changes in market rates of
interest, the ability of manufactured home buyers to obtain financing, the level
of repossessions by manufactured home lenders and those referenced under the
headings entitled "Factors That May Affect Future Results" or "Risk Factors"
contained in this Form 10-K and the Company's filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K
speak only as of the date hereof and the Company expressly disclaims any
obligation to provide public updates, revisions or amendments to any
forward-looking statements made herein to reflect changes in the Company's
expectations of future events.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

         In May 2003, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 150, "Accounting for
Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and
Equity" which establishes standards for how financial instruments that have
characteristics of both liabilities and equity instruments should be classified
on the balance sheet. The requirements of SFAS 150 generally outline that
financial instruments that give the issuer a choice of settling an obligation
with a variable number of securities or settling an obligation with a transfer
of assets or any mandatorily redeemable security should be classified as a
liability on the balance sheet. The Company has reclassified mandatorily
redeemable preferred operating partnership units of $58.1 million into debt as
of December 31, 2003. The reclassification had no effect on the Company's
compliance with the covenant requirements of its credit agreements.

         In April 2003, FASB issued SFAS No. 149, "Amendment of Statement 133 on
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." The statement amends and
clarifies financial accounting and reporting for derivative instruments,
including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts
(collectively referred to as derivatives) and for hedging activities under FASB
Statements No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities." This Statement is effective for contracts entered into or modified
after June 30, 2003 and for hedging relationships designated after June 30,
2003. In addition, all provisions of this Statement should be applied
prospectively. The provisions of this Statement that relate to Statement 133
Implementation Issues that have been effective for fiscal quarters that began
prior to June 15, 2003, should continue to be applied in accordance with their
respective effective dates. The adoption of this Statement did not have a
significant impact on the financial position or results of the operations of the
Company.

                                       37
<PAGE>

         In January 2003, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 46 ("FIN 46"),
"Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities." The objective of this
interpretation is to provide guidance on how to identify a variable interest
entity ("VIE") and determine when the assets, liabilities, non-controlling
interests and results of operations of a VIE need to be included in a company's
consolidated financial statements. A company that holds variable interests in an
entity will need to consolidate the entity if the company's interest in the VIE
is such that the company will absorb a majority of the VIE's expected losses
and/or receive a majority of the VIE's expected residual returns, if they occur.
FIN 46 also requires additional disclosures by primary beneficiaries and other
significant variable interest holders. The provisions of this interpretation
apply to the end of the first interim period or annual period ending after
December 15, 2003 (i.e., December 31, 2003) to VIEs in which a company holds a
variable interest that it acquired before February 1, 2003. The Company has
consolidated SHS in its financial reporting beginning December 31, 2003.

OTHER

         Funds from operations ("FFO") is defined by the National Association of
Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT") as "net income (computed in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles), excluding gains (or losses) from
sales of property, plus rental property depreciation and amortization, and after
adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures." Industry
analysts consider FFO to be an appropriate supplemental measure of the operating
performance of an equity REIT primarily because the computation of FFO excludes
historical cost depreciation as an expense and thereby facilitates the
comparison of REITs which have different cost bases in their assets. Historical
cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real
estate assets diminishes predictably over time, whereas real estate values have
instead historically risen or fallen based upon market conditions. FFO does not
represent cash flow from operations as defined by generally accepted accounting
principles and is a supplemental measure of performance that does not replace
net income as a measure of performance or net cash provided by operating
activities as a measure of liquidity. In addition, FFO is not intended as a
measure of a REIT's ability to meet debt principal repayments and other cash
requirements, nor as a measure of working capital. The following table
reconciles net income to FFO and calculates FFO data for both basic and diluted
purposes for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2002, 2001 (in thousands):

                                       38
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
              RECONCILIATION OF NET INCOME TO FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS
          (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT FOR PER SHARE/OP UNIT AMOUNTS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   2003             2002               2001
                                                                ---------        ----------         ---------
<S>                                                             <C>              <C>                <C>
Net income                                                      $ 23,714          $ 13,592          $ 33,910
Adjustments
   Depreciation and amortization                                  43,458            38,262            33,050
   Valuation adjustment (1)                                         (879)              449                 0
   Allocation of SunChamp losses (2)                               4,548             1,315                 0
   (Gain) loss on dispositions and impairments, net               (3,658)           13,612            (4,275)
   Income allocated to common minority interests                   3,274             2,003             5,401
                                                                --------          --------          --------
Funds from Operations (FFO)                                     $ 70,457          $ 69,233          $ 68,086
                                                                ========          ========          ========

FFO - Continuing Operations                                     $ 68,537          $ 67,055          $ 65,889
                                                                ========          ========          ========
FFO - Discontinued Operations                                   $  1,920          $  2,178          $  2,197
                                                                ========          ========          ========

Weighted average common shares/OP Units outstanding:
          Basic                                                   20,717            20,177            19,907
                                                                ========          ========          ========
          Diluted                                                 20,856            20,363            20,089
                                                                ========          ========          ========

Continuing Operations:
FFO per weighted average Common Share/OP Unit - Basic           $   3.31          $   3.32          $   3.31
                                                                ========          ========          ========
FFO per weighted average Common Share/OP Unit - Diluted         $   3.29          $   3.29          $   3.28
                                                                ========          ========          ========
Discontinued Operations:
FFO per weighted average Common Share/OP Unit - Basic           $   0.09          $   0.11          $   0.11
                                                                ========          ========          ========
FFO per weighted average Common Share/OP Unit - Diluted         $   0.09          $   0.11          $   0.11
                                                                ========          ========          ========
Total Operations:
FFO per weighted average Common Share/OP Unit - Basic           $   3.40          $   3.43          $   3.42
                                                                ========          ========          ========
FFO per weighted average Common Share/OP Unit - Diluted         $   3.38          $   3.40          $   3.39
                                                                ========          ========          ========
</TABLE>

(1)      The Company entered into three interest rate swaps and an interest rate
         cap agreement. The valuation adjustment reflects the theoretical
         noncash profit and loss were those hedging transactions terminated at
         the balance sheet date. As the Company has no expectation of
         terminating the transactions prior to maturity, the net of these
         noncash valuation adjustments will be zero at the various maturities.
         As any imperfection related to hedging correlation in these swaps is
         reflected currently in cash as interest, the valuation adjustments are
         excluded from Funds from Operations. The valuation adjustment is
         included in interest expense.

(2)      The Company acquired the equity interest of another investor in
         SunChamp in December 2002. Consideration consisted of a long-term note
         payable at net book value. Although the adjustment for the allocation
         of the SunChamp losses (based on SunChamp as a stand-alone entity) is
         not reflected in the accompanying financial statements, management
         believes that it is appropriate to provide for this adjustment because
         the Company's payment obligations with respect to the note are
         subordinate in all respects to the return of the members' equity
         (including the gross book value of the acquired equity) plus a
         preferred return. As a result, the losses that are allocated to the
         Company from SunChamp as a stand-alone entity under generally accepted
         accounting principles are effectively reallocated to the note for
         purposes of calculating Funds from Operations. At December 31, 2003,
         the remaining balance on the SunChamp note is approximately $0.3
         million.

                                       39
<PAGE>

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

         The Company's principal market risk exposure is interest rate risk. The
Company mitigates this risk by maintaining prudent amounts of leverage,
minimizing capital costs and interest expense while continuously evaluating all
available debt and equity resources and following established risk management
policies and procedures, which include the periodic use of derivatives. The
Company's primary strategy in entering into derivative contracts is to minimize
the variability that changes in interest rates could have on its future cash
flows. The Company generally employs derivative instruments that effectively
convert a portion of its variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. The Company does
not enter into derivative instruments for speculative purposes.

         The Company has entered into three separate interest rate swap
agreements and an interest rate cap agreement. One of the swap agreements fixes
$25 million of variable rate borrowings at 4.93 percent for the period April
2003 through July 2009, another of the swap agreements fixes $25 million of
variable rate borrowings at 5.37 percent for the period April 2003 through July
2012 and the third swap agreement, which is only effective for so long as 90-day
LIBOR is 7 percent or less, fixes $25 million of variable rate borrowings at
3.97 percent for the period April 2003 through July 2007. The interest rate cap
agreement has a cap rate of 9.49 percent, a notional amount of $152.4 million
and a termination date of April 13, 2006. Each of the Company's derivative
contracts is based upon 90-day LIBOR.

         The Company's remaining variable rate debt totals $196.6 million as of
December 31, 2003 which bears interest at various LIBOR or FNMA Discounted
Mortgage Backed Securities ("DMBS") rates. If LIBOR or DMBS increased or
decreased by 1.0 percent during the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002, the
Company believes its interest expense would have increased or decreased by
approximately $2.2 million and $1.7 million, respectively, based on the $215.3
million and $171.3 million average balance outstanding under the Company's
variable rate debt facilities for the year ended December 31, 2003 and 2002,
respectively.

         Additionally, the Company had $32.1 million and $27.3 million LIBOR
based variable rate mortgage and other notes receivable as of December 31, 2003
and 2002. If LIBOR increased or decreased by 1.0 percent during the years ended
December 31, 2003 and 2002, the Company believes interest income would have
increased or decreased by approximately $0.30 million and $0.37 million,
respectively, based on the $30.2 million and $36.7 million average balance
outstanding on all variable rate notes receivable for the year ended December
31, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         Financial statements and supplementary data are filed herewith under
Item 15.

                                       40
<PAGE>

ITEM 9. CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         We have previously reported the information required by this item in a
current report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 14, 2003, as
amended by Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on July 15, 2003.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

         (a)      Under the supervision and with the participation of the
Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Gary A.
Shiffman, and Chief Financial Officer, Jeffrey P. Jorissen, the Company
evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
Form 10-K, pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
"Exchange Act"). Based upon that evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure
controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information the Company is
required to disclose in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within
the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms, and to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it
files under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's
management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

         (b)      There have been no significant changes in the Company's
internal control over financial reporting during the quarterly period ended
December 31, 2003 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

                                    PART III

         The information required by ITEMS 10, 11, 12, 13, AND 14 will be
included in the Company's proxy statement for its 2004 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference.

                                       41

<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

         (a)      The following documents are filed herewith as part of this
Form 10-K:

                  (1)      A list of the financial statements required to be
filed as a part of this Form 10-K is shown in the "Index to the Consolidated
Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule" filed herewith.

                  (2)      A list of the financial statement schedules required
to be filed as a part of this Form 10-K is shown in the "Index to the
Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule" filed
herewith.

                  (3)      A list of the exhibits required by Item 601 of
Regulation S-K to be filed as a part of this Form 10-K is shown on the "Exhibit
Index" filed herewith.

         (b)      Reports on Form 8-K:

                  (1)      Form 8-K, dated October 2, 2003, filed for the
purpose of reporting, under Item 5 - Other Events, the Company's investment in
Origen Financial, Inc.

                  (2)      Form 8-K, dated October 29, 2003, furnished for the
purpose of reporting, under Item 12 - Results of Operations and Financial
Condition, the Company's 2003 third quarter earnings and results of operations.

                                       42
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 15, 2004

                                       SUN COMMUNITIES, INC., a
                                       Maryland corporation

                                       By:/s/ Gary A. Shiffman
                                          -------------------------------------
                                       Gary A. Shiffman, Chief Executive Officer

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
NAME                                                   TITLE                             DATE
- ----                                                   -----                             ----
<S>                                <C>                                              <C>
/s/ Gary A. Shiffman
- ---------------------------        Chief Executive Officer, President and           March 15, 2004
Gary A. Shiffman                   Chairman of the Board of Directors

/s/ Jeffrey P. Jorissen
- ---------------------------        Executive Vice President, Chief Financial        March 15, 2004
Jeffrey P. Jorissen                Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Principal
                                   Accounting Officer

/s/ Paul D. Lapides
- ---------------------------        Director                                         March 15, 2004
Paul D. Lapides

/s/ Ted J. Simon
- ---------------------------        Director                                         March 15, 2004
Ted J. Simon

/s/ Clunet R. Lewis
- ---------------------------        Director                                         March 15, 2004
Clunet R. Lewis

/s/ Ronald L. Piasecki
- ---------------------------        Director                                         March 15, 2004
Ronald L. Piasecki

/s/ Arthur A. Weiss
- ---------------------------        Director                                         March 15, 2004
Arthur A. Weiss
</TABLE>

                                       43
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT                                                                                         METHOD OF
NUMBER                                 DESCRIPTION                                               FILING
- ------                                 -----------                                               ------
<S>        <C>                                                                                  <C>
  2.1      Form of Sun Communities, Inc.'s Common Stock Certificate                                (1)
  3.1      Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Sun Communities, Inc                  (1)
  3.2      Bylaws of Sun Communities, Inc.                                                         (2)
  4.1      Indenture, dated as of April 24, 1996, among Sun Communities, Inc., Sun                 (3)
           Communities Operating Limited Partnership (the "Operating Partnership") and
           Bankers Trust Company, as Trustee
  4.2      Form of Note for the 2001 Notes                                                         (3)
  4.3      Form of Note for the 2003 Notes                                                         (3)
  4.4      First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 20, 1997, by and between the           (7)
           Operating Partnership and Bankers Trust Company, as Trustee
  4.5      Form of Medium-Term Note (Floating Rate)                                                (7)
  4.6      Form of Medium-Term Note (Fixed Rate)                                                   (7)
  4.7      Articles Supplementary of Board of Directors of Sun Communities, Inc.                   (9)
           Designating a Series of Preferred Stock and Fixing Distribution and other
           Rights in such Series
  4.8      Articles Supplementary of Board of Directors of Sun Communities, Inc.                  (11)
           Designating a Series of Preferred Stock
  10.1     Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Sun Communities         (6)
           Operating Limited Partnership
  10.2     Second Amended and Restated 1993 Stock Option Plan                                     (10)
  10.3     Amended and Restated 1993 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan                       (6)
  10.4     Form of Stock Option Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and certain                (1)
           directors, officers and other individuals#
  10.5     Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Option Agreement between Sun Communities,           (4)
           Inc. and certain directors#
  10.6     Employment Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Gary A. Shiffman#                (6)
  10.7     Amended and Restated Loan Agreement between Sun Communities Funding Limited             (7)
           Partnership and Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
  10.8     Amended and Restated Loan Agreement among Miami Lakes Venture Associates, Sun           (7)
           Communities Funding Limited Partnership and Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
  10.9     Form of Indemnification Agreement between each officer and director of Sun              (7)
           Communities, Inc. and Sun Communities, Inc.
 10.10     Loan Agreement among the Operating Partnership, Sea Breeze Limited Partnership          (7)
           and High Point Associates, LP.
 10.11     Option Agreement by and between the Operating Partnership and Sea Breeze                (7)
           Limited Partnership
 10.12     Option Agreement by and between the Operating Partnership and High Point                (7)
           Associates, LP
 10.13     Stock Pledge Agreement between Gary A. Shiffman and the Operating Partnership           (5)
           for 94,570 shares of Common Stock
 10.14     Stock Pledge Agreement between Gary A. Shiffman and the Operating Partnership           (5)
           for 305,430 shares of Common Stock
 10.15     Stock Pledge Agreement between Gary A. Shiffman and the Operating Partnership           (7)
           with respect to 80,000 shares of Common Stock
 10.16     Employment Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Jeffrey P. Jorissen#             (9)
 10.17     Long Term Incentive Plan                                                                (7)
</TABLE>

                                       44
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT                                                                                         METHOD OF
NUMBER                                 DESCRIPTION                                               FILING
- ------                                 -----------                                               ------
<S>        <C>                                                                                  <C>
 10.18     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Gary A.              (9)
           Shiffman, dated June 5, 1998#
 10.19     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Jeffrey P.           (9)
           Jorissen, dated June 5, 1998#
 10.20     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun. Communities, Inc. and Jonathan M.         (9)
           Colman, dated June 5, 1998#
 10.21     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Brian W.             (9)
           Fannon, dated June 5, 1998#
 10.22     Sun Communities, Inc. 1998 Stock Purchase Plan#                                         (9)
 10.23     Facility and Guaranty Agreement among Sun Communities, Inc., the Operating              (9)
           Partnership, Certain Subsidiary Guarantors and First National Bank of Chicago,
           dated December 10, 1998
 10.24     Rights Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and State Street Bank and Trust          (8)
           Company, dated April 24, 1998
 10.25     Contribution Agreement, dated as of September 29, 1999, by and among the Sun           (11)
           Communities, Inc., the Operating Partnership, Belcrest Realty Corporation and
           Belair Real Estate Corporation
 10.26     One Hundred Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership         (11)
           Agreement of the Operating Partnership
 10.27     One Hundred Eleventh Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Limited                  (12)
           Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership
 10.28     One Hundred Thirty-Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Limited              (12)
           Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership
 10.29     One Hundred Forty-Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Limited               (12)
           Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership
 10.30     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Gary A.             (12)
           Shiffman, dated March 30, 2001#
 10.31     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Jeffrey P.          (12)
           Jorissen, dated March 30, 2001#
 10.32     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Jonathan M.         (12)
           Colman, dated March 30, 2001#
 10.33     Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Sun Communities, Inc. and Brian W.            (12)
           Fannon, dated March 30, 2001#
 10.34     Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement, dated December 4,             (15)
           2002, by and between Origen Financial L.L.C. and the Operating Partnership
 10.35     Subordinated Term Loan Agreement, dated December 4, 2002, by and between Origen        (15)
           Financial L.L.C. and the Operating Partnership
 10.36     First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Loan Agreement,            (15)
           dated December 30, 2002, by and between Origen Financial L.L.C. and Sun Home
           Services
 10.37     First Amendment to Subordinated Term Loan Agreement, dated December 30, 2002,          (15)
           by and between Origen Financial L.L.C. and Sun Home Services
 10.38     Seventh Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated December 30, 2002, made by         (15)
           Origen Financial L.L.C. in favor of Sun Home Services
 10.39     First Amended and Restated Subordinated Term Promissory Note, dated December           (15)
           30, 2002, made by Origen Financial L.L.C. in favor of Sun Home Services
 10.40     First Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated December 30, 2002, by and         (15)
           between Origen Financial L.L.C. and Sun Home Services
</TABLE>

                                       45
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT                                                                                         METHOD OF
NUMBER                                 DESCRIPTION                                               FILING
- ------                                 -----------                                               ------
<S>        <C>                                                                                  <C>
 10.41     Second Amended and Restated Stock Pledge Agreement, dated December 30, 2002, by        (15)
           and between Origen Financial L.L.C. and Sun Home Services
 10.42     First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Interest Security and             (15)
           Pledge Agreement, dated December 30, 2002, by and between Origen Financial
           L.L.C. and Sun Home Services
 10.43     Second Amended and Restated Guaranty, dated December 30, 2002, by Bingham in           (15)
           favor of the Operating Partnership
 10.44     Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated December 30, 2002, by and        (15)
           between Bingham and Sun Home Services.
 10.45     Amended and Restated Stock Pledge Agreement, dated December 30, 2002, by and           (15)
           between Bingham and Sun Home Services
 10.46     Amended and Restated Membership Pledge Agreement, dated December 30, 2002, by          (15)
           and between Bingham and Sun Home Services.
 10.47     Second Amended and Restated Participation Agreement, dated December 30, 2002,          (15)
           by and among Sun Home Services, the Milton M. Shiffman Spouse's Marital Trust
           and Woodward Holding LLC
 10.48     Master Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2002, by and between Sun
           Secured Financing LLC, Aspen-Ft. Collins Limited Partnership, Sun Secured              (13)
           Financing Houston Limited Partnership and ARCS Commercial Mortgage Co., L.P.
 10.49     Credit Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2002, by and between the Operating
           Partnership, Sun Communities, Inc., Banc One Capital Markets, Inc., Bank One,          (13)
           N.A. and other lenders which are signatories thereto
 10.50     First Amendment to Master Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of August 29,
           2002, by and between Sun Secured Financing LLC, Aspen-Ft. Collins Limited              (14)
           Partnership, Sun Secured Financing Houston Limited Partnership and ARCS
           Commercial Mortgage Co., L.P.
 10.51     First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2002, by and             (14)
           between Sun Communities, Inc. and Gary A. Shiffman#
 10.52     Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note (Secured), dated as of July 15,
           2002, made by Gary A. Shiffman in favor of the Operating Partnership                   (14)
 10.53     First Amended and Restated Promissory Note (Unsecured), dated as of July 15,
           2002, made by Gary A. Shiffman in favor of the Operating Partnership                   (14)
 10.54     First Amended and Restated Promissory Note (Secured), dated as of July 15,
           2002, made by Gary A. Shiffman in favor of the Operating Partnership                   (14)
 10.55     Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note (Unsecured), dated as of July 15,
           2002, made by Gary A. Shiffman in favor of the Operating Partnership                   (14)
 10.56     Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note (Secured), dated as of July 15,
           2002, made by Gary A. Shiffman in favor of the Operating Partnership                   (14)
 10.57     Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2003, by and between Brian W.             (15)
           Fannon and Sun Home Services, Inc.#
 10.58     Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2003, by and between Brian W.             (15)
           Fannon and Sun Communities, Inc.#
 10.59     Lease, dated November 1, 2002, by and between the Operating Partnership as             (15)
           Tenant and American Center LLC as Landlord
 10.60     Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2002, among Sun Financial, LLC,           (15)
           Sun Financial Texas Limited Partnership, the Operating Partnership, Sun
           Communities, Inc. and Lehman Commercial Paper, Inc.
</TABLE>

                                       46
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT                                                                                         METHOD OF
NUMBER                                 DESCRIPTION                                               FILING
- ------                                 -----------                                               ------
<S>        <C>                                                                                  <C>
 10.61     Concurrent Private Placement Agreement dated October 8, 2003 among Sun OFI,            (16)
           Inc., Origen Financial, Inc., and the Purchasers (as defined therein)
 10.62     Registration Rights Agreement dated as of October 8, 2003 among Sun OFI, Inc.,         (16)
           Origen Financial, Inc., Lehman Brothers Inc., on behalf of itself and as agent
           for the investors listed on Schedule A thereto and those persons listed on
           Schedule B thereto
  12.1     Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Ratio Earnings to                (17)
           Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends
  21.1     List of Subsidiaries of Sun Communities, Inc.                                          (17)
  23.1     Consent of PriceWaterhouseCoopers                                                      (17)
  23.2     Consent of Grant Thornton, LLP                                                         (17)
  31.1     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the                (17)
           Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

  31.2     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the                (17)
           Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
  32.1     Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant          (17)
           to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
  99.1     Audited financial statements of Origen Financial L.L.C.                                (16)
  99.2     Audited Financial Statements of Origen Financial, Inc.                                 (16)
</TABLE>

- ---------------------------------

(1)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Registration
         Statement No. 33-69340.

(2)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on
         Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995.

(3)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on
         Form 8-K dated April 24, 1996.

(4)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Registration
         Statement No. 33-80972.

(5)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Quarterly Report
         on Form 10-K for the quarter ended September 30, 1995.

(6)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on
         Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996.

(7)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on
         Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997.

(8)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on
         Form 8-A dated May 27, 1998.

(9)      Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on
         Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998.

(10)     Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Proxy Statement,
         dated April 20, 1999

(11)     Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Current Report on
         Form 8-K dated October 14, 1999.

(12)     Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on
         Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001.

                                       47
<PAGE>

(13)     Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Quarterly Report
         on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002.

(14)     Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Quarterly Report
         on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2002.

(15)     Incorporated by reference to Sun Communities, Inc.'s Annual Report on
         Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002, as amended.

(16)     Incorporated by reference to pages F-1 through F-48 of Origen
         Financial, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-11, No. 333-112516

(17)     Filed herewith.

#        Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be
         identified by Form 10-K Item 14.

                                       48
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
          INDEX TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL
                               STATEMENT SCHEDULE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            PAGE
<S>                                                                                      <C>
Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants - Grant Thornton LLP                          F-2

Report of Independent Auditors - PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP                                      F-3

Financial Statements:

   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2003 and 2002                                  F-4

   Consolidated Statements of Income
    for the Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001                                         F-5

   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
   for the Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001                                          F-6

   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
   for the Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001                                          F-7

   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
   for the Years Ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001                                          F-8

   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                             F-9 - F-27

Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation                                  F-28 - F-30
</TABLE>

                                      F - 1
<PAGE>
Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants

Board of Directors and Stockholders
Sun Communities, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Sun Communities,
Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003, and the related consolidated
statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity, and
cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Sun Communities,
Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

As discussed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 46,
"Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities" and Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 150 "Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with
Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity" during 2003.

We have also audited Schedule III for the year ended December 31, 2003. In our
opinion, this schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material
respects, the information therein.

GRANT THORNTON LLP

Southfield, Michigan
February 19, 2004

                                      F - 2
<PAGE>
                         REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Sun Communities, Inc.:

In our opinion, based upon our audits and the report of other auditors, the
consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing in Item 15 on
page F-1 present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Sun
Communities, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") at December 31, 2002, and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for the two years in the
period ended December 31, 2002, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We did not
audit the financial statements of Origen Financial, L.L.C., an investee of the
Company, which statements reflect total assets of $227,748,000 at December 31,
2002 and total revenues of $20,835,000 for the year ended December 31, 2002.
Those statements were audited by other auditors whose report thereon has been
furnished to us, and our opinion expressed herein, insofar as it relates to the
amounts included for Origen Financial, L.L.C, is based solely on the report of
the other auditors. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance
with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America,
which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits and the report of
other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, on January 1,
2002, the Company adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No.144, "Accounting for the Impairment on Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets".


Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP

Detroit, Michigan
March 12, 2003 except for Note 3 as to
which the date is March 12, 2004





                                       F-3
<PAGE>


                             SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                           DECEMBER 31, 2003 AND 2002
                             (amounts in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                           2003               2002
                                                       -----------       -----------
<S>                                                    <C>               <C>
ASSETS
  Investment in rental property, net                   $ 1,010,484       $   999,360
  Cash and cash equivalents                                 24,058             2,664
  Inventory of manufactured homes                           17,236              -
  Investment in and advances to affiliates                  50,667            67,719
  Notes and other receivables                               74,828            56,329
  Other assets                                              44,301            37,904
                                                       -----------       -----------

    Total assets                                       $ 1,221,574       $ 1,163,976
                                                       ===========       ===========



LIABILITIES
  Line of credit                                       $    99,000       $    63,000
  Debt                                                     674,328           604,373
  Other liabilities                                         24,833            24,581
                                                       -----------       -----------

    Total liabilities                                      798,161           691,954
                                                       -----------       -----------

  Minority interests                                        96,803           152,490
                                                       -----------       -----------

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Preferred stock, $.01 per value, 10,000 shares              -                 -
   authorized, none issued
  Common stock, $.01 per value, 100,000 shares                 192               183
   authorized, 19,192 and 18,311 issued and
   outstanding in 2003 and 2002, respectively
  Paid-in capital                                          446,211           420,683
  Officers' notes                                          (10,299)          (10,703)
  Unearned compensation                                     (7,337)           (8,622)
  Accumulated comprehensive earnings                        (1,294)           (1,851)
  Distributions in excess of accumulated earnings          (94,479)          (73,774)
  Treasury stock, at cost, 202 shares                       (6,384)           (6,384)
                                                       -----------       -----------

    Total stockholders' equity                             326,610           319,532
                                                       -----------       -----------

    Total liabilities and stockholders' equity         $ 1,221,574       $ 1,163,976
                                                       ===========       ===========

</TABLE>



   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                   statements



                                      F-4
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001
                (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT FOR PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                2003          2002         2001
                                              ---------    ---------    ---------
<S>                                           <C>          <C>          <C>
REVENUES
Income from rental property                   $ 159,115    $ 149,875    $ 136,969
Revenues from home sales                         19,516           --           --
Ancillary service revenues, net                   3,409           --           --
Interest                                         11,354        7,990       10,305
Other income (loss)                              (4,256)       2,304        3,695
                                              ---------    ---------    ---------
   Total revenues                               189,138      160,169      150,969

COSTS AND EXPENSES
Property operating and maintenance               39,837       33,751       29,258
Cost of home sales                               13,879           --           --
Real estate taxes                                11,746       10,217        9,162
Selling, general and administrative              18,181        7,722        7,373
Depreciation and amortization                    44,120       37,900       32,716
Interest                                         36,680       32,375       31,016
                                              ---------    ---------    ---------
   Total expenses                               164,443      121,965      109,525

 Equity income (loss) from affiliates               667      (16,627)         131

                                              ---------    ---------    ---------
     Income from operations                      25,362       21,577       41,575

Less income allocated to minority interest:
 Preferred OP Units                               8,537        7,803        8,131
 Common OP Units                                  3,083        1,802        5,019
                                              ---------    ---------    ---------

Income from continuing operations                13,742       11,972       28,425
Income from discontinued operations               9,972        1,620        5,485
                                              ---------    ---------    ---------
     Net income                               $  23,714    $  13,592    $  33,910
                                              =========    =========    =========

Weighted average common shares outstanding:
 Basic                                           18,206       17,595       17,258
                                              =========    =========    =========
 Diluted                                         18,345       17,781       17,440
                                              =========    =========    =========
Basic earnings per share:
 Continuing operations                        $    0.75    $    0.68    $    1.64
 Discontinued operations                           0.55         0.09         0.32
                                              ---------    ---------    ---------
 Net Income                                   $    1.30    $    0.77    $    1.96
                                              =========    =========    =========
Diluted earnings per share:
 Continuing operations                        $    0.75    $    0.67    $    1.63
 Discontinued operations                           0.54         0.09         0.31
                                              ---------    ---------    ---------
 Net Income                                   $    1.29    $    0.76    $    1.94
                                              =========    =========    =========
</TABLE>

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                   statements

                                      F - 5
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         2003                 2002                 2001
                                                       --------             --------             --------
<S>                                                    <C>                  <C>                  <C>
Net income                                             $ 23,714             $ 13,592             $ 33,910
Unrealized income (loss) on interest rate swaps             557               (1,851)                   -
                                                       --------             --------             --------
Comprehensive income                                   $ 24,271             $ 11,741             $ 33,910
                                                       ========             ========             ========
</TABLE>

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                   statements

                                      F - 6
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001
                (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT FOR PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 ACCUMULATED     DISTRIBUTIONS
                                                                                    OTHER         IN EXCESS OF
                                          COMMON     PAID-IN       UNEARNED     COMPREHENSIVE     ACCUMULATED
                                           STOCK     CAPITAL     COMPENSATION        LOSS           EARNINGS
                                         ---------  ---------    ------------      --------        ---------
<S>                                      <C>        <C>          <C>            <C>              <C>
Balance, January 1, 2001                 $     175  $ 393,771      $ (4,746)       $      -        $ (41,688)
Issuance of common stock, net                    3      4,077        (3,188)
Amortization                                                            935
Repayment of officers' notes
Treasury stock purchased, 194 shares
Reclassification and conversion of
   minority interest                                    1,941
Net income                                                                                            33,910
Cash distributions declared of $2.18
   per share                                                                                         (38,161)
                                         ---------  ---------      --------        --------        ---------
Balance, December 31, 2001                     178    399,789        (6,999)                         (45,939)
Issuance of common stock, net                    5     17,406        (2,767)
Amortization                                                          1,144
Repayment of officers' notes
Reclassification and conversion of
   minority interest                                    3,488
Net income                                                                                            13,592
Unrealized loss on interest rate swaps                                               (1,851)
Cash distributions declared of $2.29
   per share                                                                                         (41,427)
                                         ---------  ---------      --------        --------        ---------
Balance, December 31, 2002                     183    420,683        (8,622)         (1,851)         (73,774)
Issuance of common stock, net                    9     27,640
Amortization                                                          1,285
Repayment of officers' notes
Reclassification and conversion of
   minority interest                                   (2,112)
Net income                                                                                            23,714
Unrealized loss on interest rate swaps                                                  557
Cash distributions declared of $2.41
   per share                                                                                         (44,419)
                                         ---------  ---------      --------        --------        ---------
Balance, December 31, 2003               $     192  $ 446,211      $ (7,337)       $ (1,294)       $ (94,479)
                                         =========  =========      ========        ========        =========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                            TREASURY     OFFICERS'
                                             STOCK         NOTES     TOTAL EQUITY
                                            --------     ---------   ------------
<S>                                         <C>          <C>         <C>
Balance, January 1, 2001                    $   (221)    $ (11,257)    $ 336,034
Issuance of common stock, net
Amortization
Repayment of officers' notes                                   253
Treasury stock purchased, 194 shares          (6,163)
Reclassification and conversion of
   minority interest
Net income
Cash distributions declared of $2.18
   per share
                                            --------     ---------     ---------
Balance, December 31, 2001                    (6,384)      (11,004)    $ 329,641
Issuance of common stock, net
Amortization
Repayment of officers' notes                                   301
Reclassification and conversion of
   minority interest
Net income
Unrealized loss on interest rate swaps
Cash distributions declared of $2.29
   per share
                                            --------     ---------     ---------
Balance, December 31, 2002                    (6,384)      (10,703)    $ 319,532
Issuance of common stock, net
Amortization
Repayment of officers' notes                                   404
Reclassification and conversion of
   minority interest
Net income
Unrealized loss on interest rate swaps
Cash distributions declared of $2.41
   per share
                                            --------     ---------     ---------
Balance, December 31, 2003                  $ (6,384)    $ (10,299)    $ 326,610
                                            ========     =========     =========
</TABLE>

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                   statements

                                      F - 7
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001
                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             2003              2002             2001
                                                                           --------         ---------         --------
<S>                                                                        <C>              <C>               <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net income                                                                 $ 23,714         $  13,592         $ 33,910
Adjustments to reconcile income to cash provided by operating activities:
   Income allocated to minority interests                                     3,083             1,802            5,019
   Income from discontinued operations allocated to minority interests          191               243              186
   Gain from property dispositions, net                                      (3,658)             (361)          (4,275)
   Depreciation and amortization                                             44,120            37,900           32,716
   Depreciation allocated to income from discontinued operations                347               675              800
   Amortization of deferred financing costs                                   1,835             1,231            1,065
   Reduction in book value of investments                                         -            13,881                -
   Decrease in inventory                                                      1,970                 -                -
   Increase in other assets                                                  (7,520)          (15,973)          (4,879)
   Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and other liabilities               (814)           (2,031)           1,329
                                                                           --------         ---------         --------
          Net cash provided by operating activities                          63,268            50,959           65,871
                                                                           --------         ---------         --------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
   Investment in rental properties                                          (50,310)          (87,283)         (70,331)
   Proceeds related to property dispositions                                 22,499             3,288           17,331
   Investment in and advances to affiliates                                 (47,612)          (51,782)         (20,056)
   Repayments of (increase in) notes receivable, net                         16,131           (33,397)          37,968
   Officers' notes                                                              404               301              253
                                                                           --------         ---------         --------
          Net cash used in investing activities                             (58,888)         (168,873)         (34,835)
                                                                           --------         ---------         --------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
   Net proceeds from issuance of common stock and OP units, net              26,222            13,801              809
   Treasury stock purchases                                                       -                 -           (6,163)
   Borrowings (repayments) on line of credit, net                            36,000           (30,000)          81,000
   Proceeds from (repayments on) notes payable and other debt, net            6,226           181,875          (76,599)
   Payments for deferred financing costs                                     (2,281)           (2,914)               -
   Distributions                                                            (49,153)          (46,771)         (43,962)
                                                                           --------         ---------         --------
          Net cash provided by/(used) in financing activities                17,014           115,991          (44,915)
                                                                           --------         ---------         --------
  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                       21,394            (1,923)         (13,879)

  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                              2,664             4,587           18,466
                                                                           --------         ---------         --------

  Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                 $ 24,058         $   2,664         $  4,587
                                                                           ========         =========         ========
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION:
Cash paid for interest including capitalized amounts of $2,082, $2,915
   and $3,704 in 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively                         $ 35,744         $  34,830         $ 34,048
Noncash investing and financing activities:
   Debt assumed for rental properties                                      $  2,288         $  20,653         $ 26,289
   Issuance of partnership units for rental properties                     $      -         $   4,500         $  4,612
   Issuance of partnership units to retire capitalized lease obligations   $  4,170         $   5,520         $      -
   Restricted common stock issued as unearned compensation, net            $      -         $   2,767         $  3,188
   Issuance of common stock pursuant to dividend reinvestment plan         $  1,334         $       -         $      -
   Unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps                        $    557         $  (1,851)        $      -
</TABLE>


    The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                   statements

                                      F - 8
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

     a.   BUSINESS: Sun Communities, Inc. (the "Company") is a real estate
          investment trust ("REIT") which owns and operates 127 manufactured
          housing communities at December 31, 2003 located in seventeen states
          concentrated principally in the Midwest and Southeast comprising
          approximately 43,875 developed sites and approximately 6,756 sites
          suitable for development.

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
          accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
          and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
          liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
          dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
          and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ
          from those estimates.

     b.   PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION: The accompanying financial statements
          include the accounts of the Company and all majority-owned and
          controlled subsidiaries including Sun Communities Operating Limited
          Partnership (the "Operating Partnership") SunChamp LLC ("SunChamp"),
          and effective December 31, 2003, Sun Home Services, Inc. ("SHS"). SHS
          is consolidated beginning in 2003 in accordance with Financial
          Interpretation No. 46, "Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities"
          as further described in Note 13.

          The minority interests include Common Operating Partnership Units ("OP
          Units") which are convertible into an equivalent number of shares of
          the Company's common stock. Such conversion would have no effect on
          earnings per share since the allocation of earnings to an OP Unit is
          equivalent to earnings allocated to a share of common stock. Of the
          21.5 million OP Units outstanding at December 31, 2003, the Company
          owns 19.0 million or 88.5 percent. The minority interests are adjusted
          to their relative ownership interest whenever OP Units or common stock
          are issued, converted or retired by reclassification to/from paid-in
          capital.

          Included in minority interests at December 31, 2003 and 2002 are 2
          million Series A Perpetual Preferred OP Units ("PPOP Units") issued at
          $25 per unit in September 1999 bearing an annual coupon rate of 8.875
          percent. The PPOP Units may be called under certain conditions by the
          Company at par on or after September 29, 2004, have no stated maturity
          or mandatory redemption and are convertible into preferred stock under
          certain circumstances.

          $58.1 million of Preferred OP Units ("POP Units") are included in debt
          at December 31, 2003 with dividends at rates ranging from 6.0 percent
          to 7.6 percent and maturing between 2006 and 2014. Of these POP Units,
          $43.8 million have conversion prices ranging from $44 to $68 per unit.

          Of the $58.1 million POP Units included in debt, $4.2 million were
          issued during 2003 in connection with property acquisitions. These POP
          Units pay dividends at 7.625% and mature on May 15, 2010.

                                      F-9
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED:

     c.   RENTAL PROPERTY: Rental property is recorded at cost, less accumulated
          depreciation. Management evaluates the recoverability of its
          investment in rental property whenever events or changes in
          circumstances such as recent operating results, expected net operating
          cash flow and plans for future operations indicate that full asset
          recoverability is questionable.

          The Company measures the recoverability of its assets in accordance
          with the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144 ("SFAS
          144"), "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long Lived
          Assets." If such assets were deemed to be impaired as a result of this
          measurement, the impairment that would be recognized is measured by
          the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair
          value of the asset as determined on a discounted net cash flow basis.

          Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated
          useful lives of the assets. Useful lives are 30 years for land
          improvements and buildings and 7 to 15 years for furniture, fixtures
          and equipment.

          Expenditures for ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to
          operations as incurred and significant renovations and improvements,
          which improve and/or extend the useful life of the asset, are
          capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives.
          Construction costs related to development of new communities or
          expansion sites, including interest, are capitalized until the
          property is substantially complete. The Company capitalizes certain
          costs (including interest and other costs) incurred in connection with
          the development, redevelopment, capital enhancement and leasing of its
          properties. Management is required to use professional judgment in
          determining whether such costs meet the criteria for immediate expense
          or capitalization. The amounts are dependent on the volume and timing
          of such activities and the costs associated with such activities.

     d.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: The Company considers all highly liquid
          investments with an initial maturity of three months or less to be
          cash and cash equivalents.

     e.   NOTES AND ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE: The Company evaluates the
          recoverability of its receivables whenever events occur or there are
          changes in circumstances such that management believes it is probable
          that it will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the
          contractual terms of the loan and lease agreements. The collectibility
          of loans is measured based on the present value of the expected future
          cash flow discounted at the loan's effective interest rate or the fair
          value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The
          reserve for uncollectible accounts receivable from residents was $0.15
          million at December 31, 2003 and 2002.

                                      F-10
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED:

     f.   INVESTMENTS IN AND ADVANCES TO AFFILIATES: Origen Financial, Inc.
          ("Origen, Inc") is a real estate investment trust in the business of
          originating, acquiring and servicing manufactured home loans. In
          October 2003, the Company purchased 5,000,000 shares of common stock
          (representing approximately 33% of the issued and outstanding shares
          of common stock as of December 31, 2003) of Origen, Inc. for $50
          million and agreed to sell Origen, Inc. various interests in
          manufactured home loans. The Company's investment in Origen, Inc. was
          accounted for using the equity method of accounting for periods ending
          after September 30, 2003.

          During 2002 and through October 7, 2003, the Company, through SHS, and
          two other participants (one unaffiliated and one affiliated with Gary
          Shiffman, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and President)
          provided financing to Origen Financial, L.L.C. ("Origen"), the
          predecessor to Origen Inc. The financing consisted of a $48 million
          line of credit and a $10 million term loan of which $35 million was
          outstanding at September 30, 2003. This amount was repaid in full in
          October 2003 upon the formation and capitalization of Origen, Inc.

          Summarized combined financial information of the Company's equity
          investment in Origen, Inc. at December 31, 2003 and Origen and SHS at
          December 31, 2002 is presented below before elimination of
          intercompany transactions. SHS and SunChamp are consolidated in the
          Company's financial statements as of December 31, 2003. The 2003
          results of operations below do not include results of operation for
          Origen prior to October 8, 2003.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  ORIGEN, INC.        ORIGEN               SHS
                                                      2003              2002               2002
                                                      ----              ----               ----
<S>                                               <C>                <C>                <C>
Loans receivable, net                             $   368,509        $  173,764         $   33,560
Other assets                                           76,033            53,984             41,220
                                                  -----------        ----------         ----------
          Total assets                            $   444,542        $  227,748         $   74,780
                                                  ===========        ==========         ==========

Notes payable                                     $   277,441        $   54,946         $   85,361
Advances under repurchase agreements                        -           141,085                  -
Other liabilities                                      24,312            21,413              8,634
                                                  -----------        ----------         ----------
          Total liabilities                           301,753           217,444             93,995
                                                  -----------        ----------         ----------
Equity (deficit)                                      142,789            10,304            (19,215)
                                                  -----------        ----------         ----------
          Total liabilities and equity            $   444,542        $  227,748         $   74,780
                                                  ===========        ==========         ==========
Revenues                                          $    10,657        $   20,385         $   22,516
Expenses                                                8,691            49,572             24,704
Loss from equity investee                                   -                 -            (15,295)(a)
                                                  -----------        ----------         ----------
Net income (loss)                                 $     1,966        $  (29,187)        $  (17,483)
                                                  ===========        ==========         ==========
Sun's equity income (loss)                        $       667        $        -         $  (15,925)
                                                  ===========        ==========         ==========
</TABLE>

(a) SHS determined at December 31, 2002 that its investment in Origen was
    impaired and wrote off its remaining investment of $13.6 million.

                                      F-11
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED:

     g.   REVENUE RECOGNITION: Rental income attributable to leases is recorded
          on a straight-line basis when earned from tenants. Leases entered into
          by tenants generally range from month-to-month to one year and are
          renewable by mutual agreement of the Company and resident or, in some
          cases, as provided by state statute. Revenue from the sale of
          manufactured homes is recognized upon transfer of title at the closing
          of the sales transaction.

     h.   OTHER CAPITALIZED COSTS: Certain expenditures to dealers and residents
          related to obtaining lessees in our communities are capitalized and
          amortized over a seven year period; shorter than average resident's
          occupancy and the average term that the home is in the community.
          Costs associated with implementing the Company's new computer systems
          are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful lives of the
          related software and hardware.

     i.   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS: The carrying values of cash and
          cash equivalents, escrows, receivables, accounts payable, accrued
          expenses and other assets and liabilities are reasonable estimates of
          their fair values because of the shorter maturities of these
          instruments. The fair value of the Company's long-term indebtedness,
          which is based on the estimates of management and on rates currently
          quoted and rates currently prevailing for comparable loans and
          instruments of comparable maturities, exceeds the aggregate carrying
          value by approximately $28.0 million at December 31, 2003. Potential
          expenses that would be incurred in an actual sale or settlement are
          not taken into consideration.

     j.   DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES: The Company has entered
          into four derivative contracts consisting of three interest rate swap
          agreements and an interest rate cap agreement. The Company's primary
          strategy in entering into derivative contracts is to minimize the
          variability that changes in interest rates could have on its future
          cash flows. The Company generally employs derivative instruments that
          effectively convert a portion of its variable rate debt to fixed rate
          debt and to cap the maximum interest rate on its variable rate
          borrowings. The Company does not enter into derivative instruments for
          speculative purposes.

          The swap agreements were effective April 2003, and have the effect of
          fixing interest rates relative to a collateralized term loan due to
          FNMA. One swap matures in July 2009, with an effective fixed rate of
          4.93 percent. A second swap matures in July 2012, with an effective
          fixed rate of 5.37 percent. The third swap matures in July 2007, with
          an effective fixed rate of 3.97 percent. The third swap is effective
          as long as 90-day LIBOR is 7 percent or lower. The three swaps have an
          aggregate notional amount of $75.0 million. The interest rate cap
          agreement has a cap rate of 9.49 percent, a notional amount of $152.4
          million and a termination date of April 03, 2006. Each of the
          Company's derivative contracts is based upon 90-day LIBOR.

          The Company has designated the first two swaps and the interest rate
          cap as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. The changes in the
          value of these hedges are reflected in other comprehensive income/loss
          on the balance sheet. These three hedges were highly effective and had
          minimal effect on income. The third swap does not qualify as a hedge
          for accounting purposes and, accordingly, the entire change in
          valuation, whether positive or negative, is reflected as a component
          of interest expense. The valuation adjustment for the twelve month
          period ended December 31, 2003 totals a positive $0.9 million.

                                      F-12
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED:

     j.   DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES, CONTINUED:

          In accordance with SFAS No. 133, the "Accounting for Derivative
          Instruments and Hedging Activities," which requires all derivative
          instruments to be carried at fair value on the balance sheet, the
          Company has recorded a liability of $0.9 and $2.3 million as of
          December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2002, respectively.

          These valuation adjustments will only be realized if the Company
          terminates the swaps prior to maturity. This is not the intent of the
          Company and, therefore, the net of valuation adjustments through the
          various maturity dates will approximate zero.

     k.   DEFERRED TAX ASSETS: The Company has certain subsidiaries that are
          taxed as regular corporations. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are
          recognized for temporary differences between the tax bases of non-REIT
          assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial
          statements and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax assets
          and liabilities are measured using currently enacted tax rates. A
          valuation allowance is established if based on the insight of
          available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or
          all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.

     l.   STOCK OPTIONS: The Company accounts for its stock options using the
          intrinsic value method contained in APB Opinion No. 25. "Accounting
          for Stock Issued to Employees." If the Company had accounted for
          awards using the methods contained in FASB Statement No. 123,
          "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation", net income and earnings per
          share would have been presented as follows for the years ended
          December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 (amounts in thousands, except for per
          share data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          2003           2002           2001
                                                                          ----           ----           ----
<S>                                                                     <C>            <C>            <C>
Net income, as reported                                                 $ 23,714       $ 13,592       $ 33,910
Stock-based compensation expense under fair value method                    (274)          (478)          (321)
                                                                        --------       --------       --------
Pro forma net income                                                    $ 23,440       $ 13,114       $ 33,589
                                                                        ========       ========       ========

EPS (Basic), as reported                                                $   1.30       $   0.77       $   1.96
                                                                        ========       ========       ========
EPS (Basic), pro forma                                                  $   1.29       $   0.75       $   1.95
                                                                        ========       ========       ========

EPS (Diluted), as reported                                              $   1.29       $   0.76       $   1.94
                                                                        ========       ========       ========
EPS (Diluted), pro forma                                                $   1.28       $   0.74       $   1.93
                                                                        ========       ========       ========
</TABLE>

     m.   INVENTORY: Inventory of manufactured homes is stated at lower
          of specific cost or market.

     n.   RECLASSIFICATIONS: Certain 2002 and 2001 amounts have been
          reclassified to conform to the 2003 financial statement presentation.
          Such reclassifications had no effect on results of operations as
          originally presented.

                                      F-13
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

2. RENTAL PROPERTY (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  AT DECEMBER 31
                                           ---------------------------
                                              2003              2002
                                              ----              ----
<S>                                        <C>              <C>
Land                                       $  104,541       $  101,926
Land improvements and buildings             1,048,576          999,540
Furniture, fixtures, and equipment             33,080           26,277
Land held for future development               31,409           34,573
Property under development                      2,799           12,521
                                           ----------       ----------
                                            1,220,405        1,174,837
     Less accumulated depreciation           (209,921)        (175,477)
                                           ----------       ----------
                                           $1,010,484       $  999,360
                                           ==========       ==========
</TABLE>

          Land improvements and buildings consist primarily of infrastructure,
          roads, landscaping, clubhouses, rental homes, maintenance buildings
          and amenities. Included in rental property at December 31, 2003 and
          2002 are net carrying amounts related to capitalized leases of $9.6
          million and $17.9 million, respectively.

          During 2003, the Company acquired one development community comprised
          of 62 developed sites and 180 sites available for development for $4.5
          million. During 2002, the Company acquired one stabilized community,
          comprising 552 developed sites, for $21.3 million and three
          development communities, comprising 930 developed sites and 538 sites
          available for development, for $48.6 million consisting of cash of
          approximately $23.1 million, POP Units of approximately $4.5 million
          and assumption of debt of approximately $21.0 million.

          These transactions have been accounted for as purchases, and the
          statements of income include the operations of the acquired
          communities from the dates of their respective acquisitions. As of
          December 31, 2003, in conjunction with a 1993 acquisition, the Company
          is obligated to issue $6.4 million of OP Units through 2009 based on
          the per share market value of the Company's stock on the issuance
          date. This obligation was accounted for as part of the purchase price
          of the original acquisition.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

3. DISPOSITION OF PROPERTIES:

          In November 2003 the Company sold four manufactured home communities
          of which three were in Michigan and one in Illinois aggregating 731
          sites for gross proceeds of approximately $24.8 million. In February
          2002, the Company sold a manufactured home community in Florida
          consisting of 227 sites of which 131 were occupied, for cash of
          approximately $3.3 million. Net gain on sale of $8.6 million and $0.4
          million on these transactions was recorded in income from discontinued
          operations in 2003 and 2002, respectively.

          In accordance with FAS 144, effective for financial statements issued
          for all fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001, results of
          operations and gain/(loss) in sales of real estate for properties with
          identifiable cash flows sold subsequent to December 31, 2001 are
          reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income as income from
          discontinued operations for all periods presented. For presentation
          purposes, income from discontinued operations also includes a gain on
          sale of properties sold prior to December 31, 2001 of $4.3 million,
          which was reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income in prior
          periods as a gain from property dispositions, net. Below is a summary
          of the results of operations of these properties through their
          respective disposition dates (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            SUMMARY STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                                                                  DISPOSED PROPERTIES

                                                         2003             2002             2001
                                                         ----             ----             ----
<S>                                                   <C>              <C>              <C>
Income from rental property                           $   2,763        $  3,034         $  3,289

Property operating and maintenance expenses                (533)           (495)            (713)

Real estate taxes                                          (310)           (361)            (380)

Depreciation and amortization                              (347)           (674)            (800)
                                                      ---------        --------         --------
Income from operations                                    1,573           1,504            1,396

Income allocated to common OP units                        (191)           (243)            (186)
Gain on sale of discontinued operations                   8,590             359            4,275
                                                      ---------        --------         --------
Income from discontinued operations                   $   9,972        $  1,620         $  5,485
                                                      =========        ========         ========
</TABLE>

                                      F-15
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

4. NOTES AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   AT DECEMBER 31,
                                                             -------------------------
                                                                2003            2002
                                                             ---------       ---------
<S>                                                          <C>             <C>
Mortgage and other notes receivable, primarily
     with minimum monthly payments at LIBOR based
     floating rates of approximately LIBOR + 3.0 %,
     maturing at various dates through August 2008,
     substantially collateralized by manufactured
     home communities                                        $  41,736       $  38,420

Installment loans collateralized by manufactured
     homes with interest payable monthly at an effective
     weighted average interest rate and maturity of 8.2%
     and 20 years, respectively                                 24,802          11,633

Other receivables                                                8,290           6,276
                                                             ---------       ---------
                                                             $  74,828       $  56,329
                                                             =========       =========
</TABLE>

At December 31, 2003, the maturities of mortgage notes and other receivables are
approximately as follows: 2004 - $23.2 million; 2006- $3.8, and 2008 - $14.7
million. Of the $24.8 million of installment loans collateralized by
manufactured homes, $12.3 million were sold at book value in February of 2004.

Officers' notes, presented as a reduction to stockholders' equity in the balance
sheet, bear interest at LIBOR + 1.75% notes, with a minimum and maximum interest
rate of 6% and 9%, respectively, collateralized by 352,206 shares of the
Company's common stock and 127,794 OP Units at December 31, 2003 with
substantial personal recourse. The notes become due in three equal installments
on each of December 31, 2008, 2009 and 2010. Reductions in the principal balance
of these notes were $0.5 million and $0.3 million for the years 2003 and 2002,
respectively.

                                      F-16

<PAGE>
                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001


5.   DEBT AND LINE OF CREDIT (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS):

     The following table sets forth certain information regarding debt:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



                                                                                        DECEMBER 31,           DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                           2003                   2002
                                                                                  ---------------------   --------------------
<S>                                                                               <C>                     <C>
     Callable/redeemable notes, interest at 6.770%, due May 14,
          2015, callable/redeemable May 16, 2005                                              $ 65,000               $ 65,000
     Senior notes, interest at 6.970%, due December 3, 2007                                     35,000                 35,000
     Senior notes, interest at 8.200%, due August 15, 2008                                     100,000                100,000
     Senior notes, interest at 5.750%, due April 15, 2010                                      150,000                      -
     Bridge loan, at variable interest rate (2.617% at December
          31, 2002), matured April 30, 2003                                                          -                 48,000
     Senior notes, interest at 7.625%, matured May 1, 2003                                           -                 85,000
     Collateralized term loan, due to FNMA, due May 2007, with a
          weighted average interest rate of 3.244% and 2.17% at
          December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2002, respectively,
          convertible to a 5 to 10 year fixed rate loan                                        152,363                152,363
     Collateralized term loan, interest at 7.010%, due September 9,
          2007                                                                                  41,547                 42,206
     Redeemable preferred OP units, average interest at 7.046%,
          redeemable at various dates through May 2010                                          58,148                      -
     Capitalized lease obligations, interest at 5.510%, due
          January 10, 2004                                                                       9,606                 16,438
     Mortgage notes, other                                                                      62,664                 60,366
                                                                                  ---------------------   --------------------
               Total debt                                                                    $ 674,328              $ 604,373
                                                                                  =====================   ====================



</TABLE>




     The Company entered into a $25 million loan facility in September of 2003,
     of which $25 million was available to be borrowed at December 31, 2003.
     Borrowings bear an interest rate of Federal Funds Effective rate plus 0.85%
     and mature on March 24, 2004.

     In April 2003 the Company issued $150 million of 5.75 percent senior notes,
     due April 15, 2010, and used the proceeds from the offering to retire the
     bridge loan of $48 million and senior notes of $85 million which matured on
     April 30 and May 1, 2003, respectively. The remainder of the net proceeds
     was used to pay down the Company's line of credit.

     The collateralized term loans totaling $193.9 at December 31, 2003 are
     secured by 22 properties comprising approximately 10,600 sites. The
     capitalized lease obligation and mortgage notes are collateralized by 14
     communities comprising approximately 4,000 sites. At the lease expiration
     date, January 2004, the capitalized lease reflected in December 31, 2003,
     was paid off by the issuance of 47,250 Preferred OP Units, cash of
     approximately $1.2 million and the assumption of approximately $4.2 million
     of debt, which was immediately retired. A capitalized lease obligation
     matured on January 1, 2003 and was paid by the issuance of 41,700 Preferred
     OP Units, cash of approximately $0.9 million and the assumption of
     approximately $1.6 million of debt, which was immediately retired.



                                      F-17
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

5. DEBT AND LINE OF CREDIT (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS), CONTINUED:

         The initial term of the variable rate collateralized term loan due to
         FNMA is five years. The Company has the option to extend such variable
         rate borrowings for an additional five years and/or convert them to
         fixed rate borrowings with a term of five or ten years, provided that
         in no event can the term of the borrowings exceed fifteen years.

         The Company has a $105 million unsecured line of credit, of which $6
         and $22 million was available to borrow at December 31, 2003 and 2002,
         respectively. Borrowings under the line of credit bear interest at the
         rate of LIBOR plus 0.85% and mature July 2, 2005 with a one-year
         extension at the Company's option. The average interest rate of
         outstanding borrowings under the line of credit was 2.05 and 2.27
         percent at December 31, 2003 and 2002 respectively.

         At December 31, 2003, the maturities of debt, excluding the line of
         credit, during the next five years are approximately as follows: 2004 -
         $35.1 million; 2005 - $66.6 million; 2006 - $20.4 million; 2007 - $81.1
         million; 2008 - $106.7 million and $364.4 million thereafter.

         At December 31, 2003, the Company was the guarantor of $22.6 million in
         personal bank loans, made to directors, employees and consultants to
         purchase Company common stock and OP units pursuant to the Company's
         Stock Purchase Plan. The borrowers repaid the loans in January of 2004
         and the guaranty was extinguished.

                                      F-18

<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

6. STOCK OPTIONS:

         Data pertaining to stock option plans are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            2003                      2002                     2001
                                        -------------            -------------             -------------
<S>                                     <C>                      <C>                       <C>
Options outstanding, January 1                975,767                1,090,794                 1,109,250
Options granted                                     -                    7,500                   137,900
Option price                                      N/A                   $34.92             $27.03-$32.81
Options exercised                             154,179                   97,665                    59,773
Option price                            $20.13-$35.39            $20.13-$35.39             $22.75-$33.75
Options forfeited                              10,837                   24,862                    96,583
Option price                            $27.03-$32.75            $27.03-$32.75             $27.03-$33.82
Option outstanding, December 31               810,751 (a)              975,767                 1,090,794
Option price                               $20-$35.39               $20-$35.39                $20-$35.39
Option exercisable, December 31               765,168 (a)              834,249                   823,227
</TABLE>

     (a) There are 190,394 options outstanding and exercisable with exercise
         prices ranging from $20.00 - $27.99 with an exercisable average life of
         3.7 years related to the outstanding options. The weighted average
         exercise price for these outstanding and exercisable options is $25.53.
         There are 620,357 and 574,774 options outstanding and exercisable,
         respectively, with exercise prices ranging from $28.00 - $35.39 with a
         weighted average life of 4.2 years related to the outstanding options.
         The weighted average exercise price for these outstanding and
         exercisable options is $30.64 and $30.46, respectively.

         At December 31, 2003, 364,513 shares of common stock were available for
         the granting of options. Stock option plans originally provided for the
         grant of up to 2,117,000 options. Options are granted at fair value of
         the common stock and generally vest over a two-year period and may be
         exercised for 10 years after date of grant. In addition, the Company
         established a Long-Term Incentive Plan in 1997 for certain employees
         granting 167,918 options (of which 87,657 remain outstanding), which
         become exercisable in equal installments in 2002-2004.

         The Company has opted to measure compensation cost utilizing the
         intrinsic value method. The fair value of each option grant was
         estimated as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
         option-pricing model with the following assumptions for options
         granted:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    2003          2002                2001
                                                                    ----        ------               -------
<S>                                                                 <C>         <C>                  <C>
Estimated fair value per share of options granted during year:       N/A        $ 4.42 (1)           $  6.19
Assumptions:
Annualized dividend yield                                            N/A           5.9% (1)              5.9%
Common stock price volatility                                        N/A          16.4% (1)             16.4%
Risk-free rate of return                                             N/A           5.3% (1)              5.3%
Expected option term (in year)                                       N/A             7                     4
</TABLE>

(1) 2002 based on valuation as of April 2001, due to insignificant option
issuance in 2002.

                                      F-19

<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

7. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:

         In April 1998, the Company declared a dividend of one Preferred Stock
         Purchase Right ("Right") for each outstanding share of common stock.
         The Rights are not presently exercisable. Each Right entitles the
         holder, upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including a
         material change in the ownership of the Company, to purchase preferred
         stock and common stock, from the Company and/or from another person
         into which the Company is merged or which acquires control of the
         Company.

         The Rights may be generally redeemed by the Company at a price of $0.01
         per Right or $0.2 million in total. The Rights expire on June 8, 2008.

         The Company is authorized to repurchase up to 1,000,000 shares of its
         common stock.

         No restricted stock awards were issued during the year ended December
         31, 2003. Compensation cost recognized in income for all prior
         restricted stock awards was $1.3 million, $1.1 million and $0.9 million
         in 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

8. OTHER INCOME (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS):

          The components of other income are as follows for the years ended
          December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001. The ($4,932) relates to a reduction
          in the book value of a new community development due to the
          impracticality of future phase construction.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    2003               2002                2001
                                  --------            -------            -------
<S>                               <C>                 <C>                <C>
Brokerage commissions             $    754            $   834            $   731
Development fee                          -              1,425              2,707
Other income (loss)                    (78)                45                257
Asset write down                    (4,932)                 -                  -
                                  --------            -------            -------
                                  $ (4,256)           $ 2,304            $ 3,695
                                  ========            =======            =======
</TABLE>

                                      F-20

<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

9. SEGMENT REPORTING: With the consolidation of the operations of Sun Home
   Services for the year ended December 31, 2003, the consolidated
   operations of the Company can be segmented into manufactured home sales
   and property operations segments. Following is a presentation of
   financial information for the year ended December 31, 2003.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          PROPERTY              MANUFACTURED
                                                          OPERATIONS             HOME SALES          COMBINED
<S>                                                      <C>                    <C>                 <C>
Revenues                                                 $   159,115              $ 19,516          $   178,631
Operating expenses                                            51,583                13,879               65,462
                                                         -----------              --------          -----------
      Net operating income                                   107,532                 5,637              113,169
Adjustments to arrive at Net Income:
  Other revenues                                               2,243                 8,264               10,507
  General and administrative                                 (10,536)               (7,645)             (18,181)
  Depreciation and amortization                              (43,165)                 (955)             (44,120)
  Interest expense                                           (36,530)                 (150)             (36,680)
  Equity income from affiliate                                   667                     -                  667
  Income allocated to minority interest                      (11,620)                    -              (11,620)
  Income from discontinued operations                          9,972                     -                9,972
                                                         -----------              --------          -----------
      Net income                                         $    18,563              $  5,151          $    23,714
                                                         ===========              ========          ===========

Capital expenditures                                     $    12,829 (1)          $ 12,353 (2)      $    25,182

Identifiable assets:
  Investment in rental property, net                     $   980,149              $ 30,335          $ 1,010,484
  Cash and cash equivalents                                   24,043                    15               24,058
  Inventory of manufactured homes                                  -                17,236               17,236
  Investments in and advances to affiliates                   50,667                     -               50,667
  Notes and other receivables                                 61,534                13,294               74,828
  Other assets                                                41,613                 2,688               44,301
                                                         -----------              --------          -----------
      Total assets                                       $ 1,158,006              $ 63,568          $ 1,221,574
                                                         ===========              ========          ===========
</TABLE>

     (1)  Capital expenditures of Property Operations segment consist of lot
          modifications, recurring projects, revenue producing projects, and
          expenditures for acquisitions and expansions, net of asset disposals.

     (2)  Capital expenditures of Manufactured Home Sales segment consist
          primarily of acquisitions of rental homes.

10. INCOME TAXES (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS):

         The Company has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust
         ("REIT") as defined under Section 856(c) of the Internal Revenue Code
         of 1986, as amended. In order for the Company to qualify as a REIT, at
         least ninety-five percent (95%) of the Company's gross income in any
         year must be derived from qualifying sources. In addition, a REIT must
         distribute at least ninety percent (90%) of its REIT ordinary taxable
         income to its stockholders.

         Qualification as a REIT involves the satisfaction of numerous
         requirements (some on an annual and quarterly basis) established under
         highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only
         limited judicial or administrative interpretations, and involves the
         determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely
         within the

                                      F-21
<PAGE>
                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

10. INCOME TAXES (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS), CONTINUED:

Company's control. In addition, frequent changes occur in the area of REIT
taxation, which require the Company continually to monitor its tax status.

As a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to U.S. Federal income
taxes at the corporate level on the ordinary taxable income it distributes to
its stockholders as dividends. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any
taxable year, its taxable income will be subject to U.S. Federal income tax at
regular corporate rates (including any applicable alternative minimum tax). Even
if the Company qualifies as a REIT, it may be subject to certain state and local
income taxes and to U.S. Federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed
income.

Dividend payout on taxable income available to common stockholders for the years
ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                     <C>          <C>         <C>
                                          2003         2002        2001
                                        --------     --------    --------
 Taxable income available to common
     stockholders                       $      0     $  6,046    $ 13,149
Less tax gain on disposition of
     properties                                0            0        (175)
                                        --------     --------    --------
Taxable operating income available
     to common stockholders             $      0     $  6,046    $ 12,974
                                        --------     --------    --------
Total distributions paid to common
     stockholders                       $ 44,419     $ 41,427    $ 38,161
                                        ========     ========    ========
</TABLE>

For income tax purposes, distributions paid to common stockholders consist of
ordinary income, capital gains, and return of capital. For the years ended
December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, distributions paid per share were taxable as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                              2003                     2002                     2001
                     ---------------------    ----------------------    ---------------------
                      AMOUNT    PERCENTAGE     AMOUNT     PERCENTAGE     AMOUNT    PERCENTAGE
                     --------   ----------    ---------   ----------    --------   ----------
<S>                  <C>        <C>           <C>         <C>           <C>        <C>
Ordinary income      $   0.65         27.1%   $    1.54         67.1%   $   1.38         63.1%
Return of capital        1.76         72.9%        0.75         32.9%       0.80         36.9%
                     --------   ----------    ---------   ----------    --------   ----------
                     $   2.41        100.0%   $    2.29        100.0%   $   2.18        100.0%
                     ========   ==========    =========   ==========    ========   ==========
</TABLE>

SHS is subject to U.S Federal income taxes. Deferred taxes reflect the estimated
future tax effect of temporary differences between carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income
tax purposes. SHS has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $14.7
million at December 31, 2003. A deferred asset of approximately $2.0 million,
principally related to the net operating loss carryforwards, exclusive of losses
related to SHS's investment in Origen, is included in other assets in the
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2003. The deferred tax asset at
December 31, 2003 is net of a valuation allowance of $3.0 million related to
SHS's net operating losses on its investment in Origen. SHS's losses will begin
to expire in 2011 through 2022 if not offset by future taxable income.
Management believes its deferred tax asset will be realized but realization is
continuously subject to an assessment as to recoverability in the future.

                                      F-22


<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

11. EARNINGS PER SHARE (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS):

<TABLE>
                                                                           2003           2002         2001
                                                                          -------       -------       --------
<S>                                                                       <C>           <C>           <C>
Earnings used for basic and diluted earnings per share computation:

Continuing operations                                                     $13,742       $11,972       $28,425
                                                                          =======       =======       =======
Discontinued operations                                                   $ 9,972       $ 1,620       $ 5,485
                                                                          =======       =======       =======

Total shares used for basic earnings per share                             18,206        17,595        17,258
Dilutive securities:

     Stock options and other                                                  139           186           182
                                                                          -------       -------       -------
Total weighted average shares used for diluted
     earnings per share computation                                        18,345        17,781        17,440
                                                                          =======       =======       =======
</TABLE>

Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that would occur if
dilutive securities were exercised or converted into common stock.

                                      F-23
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

12. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED):

         The following unaudited quarterly amounts are in thousands, except for
per share amounts:

<TABLE>
                                                   FIRST        SECOND        THIRD         FOURTH
                                                  QUARTER      QUARTER       QUARTER        QUARTER
                                                  MARCH 31     JUNE 30        SEPT.30       DEC. 31
                                                -----------   -----------   --------      ---------
<S>                                             <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
2003

Total revenues (a)                               $48,251       $48,911       $48,074       $ 43,902
Total expenses (a)                               $39,188       $41,696       $39,172       $ 44,387
Net income                                       $ 6,343       $ 4,539       $ 6,421       $  6,411
Weighted average common shares outstanding        17,789        17,902        18,504         18,628
Earnings per common share-basic                  $  0.36       $  0.25       $  0.35       $   0.34

2002

Total revenues (c)                               $40,347       $39,493       $40,327       $ 40,002
Total expenses (c)                               $29,603       $28,947       $30,629       $ 32,786
Net income (loss) (b)                            $ 8,114       $ 7,002       $ 5,802       $ (7,326)
Weighted average common shares outstanding        17,322        17,544        17,739         17,777
Earnings (loss) per common share-basic           $  0.47       $  0.40       $  0.33       $  (0.41)
</TABLE>


(a)      The Company's investment in Sun Home Services was accounted for using
         the equity method of accounting for the quarters ended March 31, June
         30, and September 30, 2003. The total revenues and total expenses for
         these periods have been restated to include Sun Home Services'
         operating revenues and expenses.

(b)      Included in net income for the fourth quarter of 2002 is the write-off
         of $13.6 million pertaining to the Company's investment in Origen.

(c)      Revenues and expenses have been restated to conform to SFAS 144 which
         requires operations of properties sold or held for sale to be
         reclassified as discontinued operations.

                                      F-24
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

13. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS:

       In May 2003, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
       Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 150, "Accounting
       for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both
       Liabilities and Equity" which establishes standards for how financial
       instruments that have characteristics of both liabilities and equity
       instruments should be classified on the balance sheet. The requirements
       of SFAS 150 generally outline that financial instruments that give the
       issuer a choice of settling an obligation with a variable number of
       securities or settling an obligation with a transfer of assets or any
       mandatorily redeemable security should be classified as a liability on
       the balance sheet. The Company has reclassified mandatorily redeemable
       preferred operating partnership units of $58.1 million into debt as of
       December 31, 2003. The reclassification had no effect on the Company's
       compliance with the covenant requirements of its credit agreements.

       In April 2003, FASB issued SFAS No. 149, "Amendment of Statement 133 on
       Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." The statement amends and
       clarifies financial accounting and reporting for derivative instruments,
       including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts
       (collectively referred to as derivatives) and for hedging activities
       under FASB Statements No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
       Hedging Activities." This Statement is effective for contracts entered
       into or modified after June 30, 2003 and for hedging relationships
       designated after June 30, 2003. In addition, all provisions of this
       Statement should be applied prospectively. The provisions of this
       Statement that relate to Statement 133 Implementation Issues that have
       been effective for fiscal quarters that began prior to June 15, 2003,
       should continue to be applied in accordance with their respective
       effective dates. The adoption of this Statement did not have a
       significant impact on the financial position or results of the operations
       of the Company.

       In January 2003, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 46 ("FIN 46"),
       "Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities." The objective of this
       interpretation is to provide guidance on how to identify a variable
       interest entity ("VIE") and determine when the assets, liabilities,
       non-controlling interests and results of operations of a VIE need to be
       included in a company's consolidated financial statements. A company that
       holds variable interests in an entity will need to consolidate the entity
       if the company's interest in the VIE is such that the company will absorb
       a majority of the VIE's expected losses and/or receive a majority of the
       VIE's expected residual returns, if they occur. FIN 46 also requires
       additional disclosures by primary beneficiaries and other significant
       variable interest holders. The provisions of this interpretation apply to
       the end of the first interim period or annual period ending after
       December 15, 2003 (i.e., December 31, 2003) to VIEs in which a company
       holds a variable interest that it acquired before February 1, 2003. The
       Company consolidated SHS in its financial reporting beginning December
       31, 2003. The consolidation did not have a significant impact on the
       financial condition or results of operations of the Company.

                                      F-25
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        DECEMBER 31, 2003, 2002 AND 2001

14. CONTINGENCIES:

      On April 9, 2003, T.J. Holdings, LLC ("TJ Holdings"), a member of
      Sun/Forest, LLC ("Sun/Forest") (which, in turn, owns an equity interest in
      SunChamp LLC), filed a complaint against the Company, SunChamp LLC,
      certain other affiliates of the Company and two directors of Sun
      Communities, Inc. in the Superior Court of Guilford County, North
      Carolina. The complaint alleges that the defendants wrongfully deprived
      the plaintiff of economic opportunities that they took for themselves in
      contravention of duties allegedly owed to the plaintiff and purports to
      claim damages of $13.0 million plus an unspecified amount for punitive
      damages. The Company believes the complaint and the claims threatened
      therein have no merit and will defend it vigorously.

      The Company is involved in various other legal proceedings arising in the
      ordinary course of business. All such proceedings, taken together, are not
      expected to have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or
      financial condition.

15. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:

      The Company and its affiliates have entered into the following
      transactions with Origen Inc. and its predecessor, Origen during 2002 and
      2003:

      -           Capital Investment in Origen, Inc. As described in Note 1, the
                  Company acquired 5,000,000 shares of common stock in Origen
                  Inc. in a private placement transaction at $10 per share.

      -           Loan Servicing Agreement. Origen Servicing, Inc., a
                  wholly-owned subsidiary of Origen, services approximately
                  $23.0 million in manufactured home loans for SHS as of
                  December 31, 2003. Sun Home Services pays Origen Servicing,
                  Inc. an annual servicing fee of 1.25 percent of the
                  outstanding principal balance of the loans.

      -           Guaranty of Licensing Bonds. The Company has guaranteed Origen
                  Inc.'s obligations to an insurance company in connection with
                  the issuance of bonds and undertakings required by various
                  state licensing authorities as a condition to the issuance of
                  Origen Inc. licenses. The Company's aggregate potential
                  obligations under these bonds is approximately $5.0 million.

      In addition to the transactions with Origen Inc. described above, Mr.
      Shiffman and his affiliates have entered into the following transactions
      with the Company:

      -           Related Party Lease. The Company leases its executive offices
                  in Southfield, Michigan from an entity in which Mr. Shiffman
                  and certain of his affiliates beneficially own approximately a
                  21 percent interest.

      -           Capital Investment in Origen Financial, Inc. As part of the
                  Origen Inc. private placement, Shiffman Origen LLC (100
                  percent of which is owned by the Estate of Milton M. Shiffman,
                  Mr. Shiffman and members of his family), acquired 1,025,000
                  shares of common stock of Origen Inc. at $10 per share.

                                      F-26
<PAGE>

15. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS, CONTINUED:

      -           Ownership of SHS. Gary Shiffman, and the Estate of Milton M.
                  Shiffman (former Chairman of the Board), are the owners of all
                  of the outstanding common stock of SHS, and as such are
                  entitled to 5% of the cash flow from the operating activities
                  of SHS.

      -           Tax Consequences Upon Sale of Properties. Gary Shiffman holds
                  limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership
                  which were received in connection with the contribution of 24
                  properties from partnerships previously affiliated with him
                  (the "Sun Partnerships"). Prior to any redemption of these
                  limited partnership interests for the Company's common stock,
                  Mr. Shiffman will have tax consequences different from those
                  of the Company and the Company's public stockholders on the
                  sale of any of the Sun Partnerships. Four of the properties
                  have been sold to date.

16. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS:

      In February, 2004, the Company entered into an agreement with certain
      affiliates of Property Asset Management Inc. ("PAMI") to acquire all of
      the equity interests in partnerships that directly and indirectly own and
      operate 19 properties and entered into a real estate purchase agreement to
      acquire 7 other properties. The properties are recreational vehicle
      communities, some of which include manufactured home sites. The portfolio
      consists of 11,331 sites, including 10,586 developed sites and 745
      expansion recreational vehicle sites. Completion of the purchases is
      subject to customary closing conditions.

      PAMI, the seller under the purchase agreements, is the sole general
      partner and owns a substantial majority of the equity interests in the
      partnerships that own the properties subject to the purchase agreements.
      PAMI has exercised its rights under the relevant partnership agreements to
      acquire the equity interests of its minority partner. PAMI has informed us
      that its minority partner has disputed PAMI's rights to purchase its
      interests under the partnership agreements. As a result, PAMI has filed
      suit in the Delaware Chancery Court requesting, among other things, that
      the court specifically enforce PAMI's right to purchase the minority
      interests. The minority partner in the partnerships has filed an answer
      and counterclaim in the case requesting that the court find that the
      minority partner has the right to buy PAMI's interests under the
      partnership agreements.

      PAMI believes that it will be successful in the litigation and we expect
      to complete the acquisition of the partnership interests and properties.
      However, due to the uncertain nature of litigation and the other
      conditions to closing, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to
      successfully complete the proposed acquisitions and cannot reliably
      predict the timing of the resolution of these matters.

                                      F-27
<PAGE>

SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.                                              SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMLATED DEPRECIATION
DECEMBER 31. 2003
(amount in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                        COST CAPITALIZED
                                                                                                    SUBSEQUENT TO ACQUISITION
                                                                         INITIAL COST TO COMPANY        IMPROVEMENTS
                                                                         -----------------------    ---------------------------


PROPERTY NAME                         LOCATION              ENCUMBRANCE     LAND        B & F        &  LAND        B & F
- ---------------------------------   ---------------------  ------------  ----------  ----------   -------------    ---------
<S>                                 <C>                    <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>              <C>
Academy/Westpoint                   Canton, MI                   A          1,485    $ 14,278          $ -           $ 212
Allendale                           Allendale, MI                A            366       3,684            -           3,815
Alpine                              Grand Rapids, MI             -            729       6,692            -           3,646
Apple Creek                         Amelia, OH                   C            543       5,480            -              97
Arbor Terrace                       Brandenton, FL               -            456       4,410            -             378
Ariana Village                      Lakeland, FL                              240       2,195            -             525
Autumn Ridge                        Ankeny, IO                   A            890       8,054            -             903
Bedford Hills                       Battle Creek, MI             B          1,265      11,562            -             482
Bell Crossing                       Clarksville, TN              -            717       1,916            -           3,641
Bonita Lake                         Bonita Springs, FL           -            285       2,641            -             267
Boulder Ridge                       Pflugerville, TX             -          1,000         500        3,324          16,916
Branch Creek                        Austin, TX                   A            796       3,716            -           5,248
Brentwood                           Kentwood, MI                 -            385       3,592            -             294
Brookside Village                   Goshen, IN                   A            260       1,080          386           7,497
Buttonwood Bay                      Sebring, IN                  -          1,952      18,294            -           1,773
Byrne Hill Village                  Toledo, OH                   -            383       3,903            -             371
Byron Center                        Byron Center, MI             -            253       2,402            -             162
Candlelight Village                 Chicago Heights, IL          -            600       5,623            -             730
Candlewick Court                    Owosso, MI                   -            125       1,900          132           1,139
Carrington Pointe                   Ft. Wayne, IN                -          1,076       3,632            -           4,332
Casa Del Valle                      Alamo, TX                    -            246       2,316            -             497
Catalina                            Middletown, OH               -            653       5,858            -           1,313
Chisholm Point                      Pflugerville, TX             A            609       5,286            -           2,934
Clearwater Village                  South Bend, IN               -             80       1,270           61           1,931
Cobus Green                         Elkhart, IN                  -            762       7,037            -             719
College Park Estates                Canton, MI                   -             75         800          174           4,796
Comal Farms                         New Braunfels, TX            -          1,455       1,732            -           4,486
Continental Estates                 Davison, MI                  -          1,625      16,581          150           1,726
Continental North (1)               Davison, MI                  -                                       -           3,814
Country Acres                       Cadillac, MI                 -            380       3,495            -             282
Country Meadows                     Flat Rock, MI                A            924       7,583          296           9,865
Countryside Village                 Perry, MI                    B            275       3,920          185           2,169
Creekside                           Reidsville, NC               -            350       1,423            -           3,129
Creekwood Meadows                   Burton, MI                   -            808       2,043          404           6,629
Cutler Estates                      Grand Rapids, MI             B            749       6,941            -             408
Davison East (1)                    Davison, MI                                                          -              22
Deerfield Run                       Anderson, MI                1700          990       1,607            -           3,289
Desert View Village                 West Wendover, NV            -          1,119           -            -           1,586
Eagle Crest                         Firestone, CO                -          2,017         150        2,362          24,503
East Fork                           Batavia, OH                  -          1,280       6,302            -           4,199
Edwardsville                        Edwardsville, KS             B            425       8,805          541           2,776
Falcon Pointe                       East Lansing, MI            2288          450       4,049            -             174
Fisherman's Cove                    Flint, MI                    -            380       3,438            -             578
Forest Meadows                      Philomath, OR                -          1,031       2,050            -              67
Four Seasons                        Elkhart, IN                  -            500       4,811            -              14
Glen Laurel                         Concord, NC                  -          1,641         453            -           6,519
Goldcoaster                         Homestead, FL                -            446       4,234          172           1,987
Grand                               Grand Rapids, MI             -            374       3,587            -             229
Groves                              Ft. Myers, FL                -            249       2,396            -             736
Hamlin                              Webberville, MI              -            125       1,675          536           4,004

<CAPTION>

                                      GROSS AMOUNT CARRIED AT
                                        DECEMBER 31, 2003
                                    -------------------------
                                                                                                              DATE OF
                                                                                         ACCUMULATED       CONSTRUCTION (C)
PROPERTY NAME                             LAND            B & F             TOTAL       DEPRECIATION        ACQUISION (A)
- ---------------------------------   ------------   --------------     --------------   -------------       -------------
<S>                                 <C>          <C>                <C>              <C>                    <C>
Academy/Westpoint                   $ 1,485         $ 14,490           $ 15,975           $ 1,694           2000(A)
Allendale                               366            7,499              7,865             1,665           1996(A)
Alpine                                  729           10,338             11,067             2,252           1996(A)
Apple Creek                             543            5,577              6,120               813           1999(A)
Arbor Terrace                           456            4,788              5,244             1,213           1996(A)
Ariana Village                          240            2,720              2,960               838           1994(A)
Autumn Ridge                            890            8,957              9,847             2,151           1996(A)
Bedford Hills                         1,265           12,044             13,309             3,053           1996(A)
Bell Crossing                           717            5,557              6,274               618           1999(A)
Bonita Lake                             285            2,908              3,193               726           1996(A)
Boulder Ridge                         4,324           17,416             21,740             2,212           1998(C)
Branch Creek                            796            8,964              9,760             2,034           1995(A)
Brentwood                               385            3,886              4,271             1,003           1996(A)
Brookside Village                       646            8,577              9,223             2,123           1985(A)
Buttonwood Bay                        1,952           20,067             22,019             1,616           2001(A)
Byrne Hill Village                      383            4,274              4,657               649           1999(A)
Byron Center                            253            2,564              2,817               657           1996(A)
Candlelight Village                     600            6,353              6,953             1,590           1996(A)
Candlewick Court                        257            3,039              3,296               988           1985(A)
Carrington Pointe                     1,076            7,964              9,040             1,432           1997(A)
Casa Del Valle                          246            2,813              3,059               654           1997(A)
Catalina                                653            7,171              7,824             2,238           1993(A)
Chisholm Point                          609            8,220              8,829             1,964           1995(A)
Clearwater Village                      141            3,201              3,342               912           1986(A)
Cobus Green                             762            7,756              8,518             2,574           1993(A)
College Park Estates                    249            5,596              5,845             1,684           1978(A)
Comal Farms                           1,455            6,218              7,673               456          2000(A&C)
Continental Estates                   1,775           18,307             20,082             4,152           1996(A)
Continental North (1)                     -            3,814              3,814               997           1996(A)
Country Acres                           380            3,777              4,157               945           1996(A)
Country Meadows                       1,220           17,448             18,668             4,484           1994(A)
Countryside Village                     460            6,089              6,549             1,847           1987(A)
Creekside                               350            4,552              4,902               375          2000(A&C)
Creekwood Meadows                     1,212            8,672              9,884             1,523           1997(C)
Cutler Estates                          749            7,349              8,098             1,843           1996(A)
Davison East (1)                          -               22                 22                 -           1996(A)
Deerfield Run                           990            4,896              5,886               565           1999(A)
Desert View Village                   1,119            1,586              2,705               613           1998(C)
Eagle Crest                           4,379           24,653             29,032             1,317           1998(C)
East Fork                             1,280           10,501             11,781               905          2000(A&C)
Edwardsville                            966           11,581             12,547             3,587           1987(A)
Falcon Pointe                           450            4,223              4,673                64           2003(A)
Fisherman's Cove                        380            4,016              4,396             1,313           1993(A)
Forest Meadows                        1,031            2,117              3,148               314           1999(A)
Four Seasons                            500            4,825              5,325               585           2000(A)
Glen Laurel                           1,641            6,972              8,613               323          2001(A&C)
Goldcoaster                             618            6,221              6,839             1,284           1997(A)
Grand                                   374            3,816              4,190               856           1996(A)
Groves                                  249            3,132              3,381               723           1997(A)
Hamlin                                  661            5,679              6,340               866           1984(A)
</TABLE>

                                      F-28
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                        COST CAPITALIZED
                                                                                                    SUBSEQUENT TO ACQUISITION
                                                                         INITIAL COST TO COMPANY        IMPROVEMENTS
                                                                         -----------------------    ---------------------------


PROPERTY NAME                         LOCATION              ENCUMBRANCE     LAND        B & F        & LAND         B & F
- ---------------------------------   ---------------------  ------------  ----------  ----------   -------------    ---------
<S>                                 <C>                    <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>              <C>
High Point                          Frederika, DE                -            898       7,031            -          1,137
Holiday Village                     Elkhart, IN                  -            100       3,207          143          1,287
Holly Forest                        Holly Hill, FL               -            920       8,376            -            399
Indian Creek                        Ft. Myers Beach, FL          -          3,832      34,660            -          1,741
Island Lake                         Merritt Island, FL           -            700       6,431            -            349
Kensington Meadows                  Lansing, MI                  -            250       2,699            -          3,632
Kenwood                             La Feria, TX                 -            145       1,842            -             41
King's Court                        Traverse City, MI            A          1,473      13,782            -          1,630
King's Lake                         Debary, FL                   -            280       2,542            -          2,257
Knollwood Estates                   Allendale, MI               2642          400       4,061            -             12
Lafayette Place                     Warren, MI                   -            669       5,979            -            868
Lake Juliana                        Auburndale, FL               -            335       2,848            -            999
Lake San Marino                     Naples, FL                   -            650       5,760            -            564
Leesburg Landing                    Leesburg, FL                 -             50         429          921            431
Liberty Farms                       Valparaiso, IN               -             66       1,201          116          2,062
Lincoln Estates                     Holland, MI                  -            455       4,201            -            453
Maplewood Mobile                    Lawrence, IN                 -            275       2,122            -            974
Meadow Lake Estates                 White Lake, MI               -          1,188      11,498          127          1,953
Meadowbrook                         Charlotte, NC                -          1,310       6,570            -          2,778
Meadowbrook Estates                 Monroe, MI                   -            431       3,320          379          6,048
Meadowbrook Village                 Tampa, FL                    -            519       4,728            -            498
Meadows                             Nappanee, IN                 -            287       2,300            -          2,523
North Point Estates                 Pueblo, CO                   -          1,582       3,027            1          2,628
Oak Crest                           Austin, TX                  8088        4,311      12,611            -            355
Oakwood Village                     Miamisburg, OH               -          1,964       6,401            -          6,575
Orange Tree                         Orange City, FL              -            283       2,530           15            795
Orchard Lake                        Milford, OH                  C            395       4,025            -             44
Pebble Creek                        Greenwood, IN                -          1,030       5,074            -          3,418
Pecan Branch                        Georgetown, TX               -          1,379           -          331          4,286
Pheasant Ridge                      Lancaster, PA                           2,044      19,279            -             38
Pin Oak Parc                        St. Louis, MO                A          1,038       3,250          467          4,949
Pine Hills                          Middlebury, IN               -             72         544           60          1,784
Pine Ridge                          Petersburg, VA               -            405       2,397            -          1,359
Presidential                        Hudsonville, MI              A            680       6,314            -          1,286
Richmond                            Richmond, MI                 -            501       2,040            -            461
River Haven                         Grand Haven, MI             9512        1,800      16,967            -            179
River Ranch                         Austin, TX                   -          4,690         843            -          6,590
River Ridge                         Austin, TX                  6813        3,201      15,090            -            225
Roxbury                             Goshen, IN                   -          1,057       9,870            1             99
Royal Country                       Miami, FL                    B          2,290      20,758            -            933
Saddle Oak Club                     Ocala, FL                    -            730       6,743            -            805
Saddlebrook                         San Marcos, TX              5321        1,703      11,843            -            311
Scio Farms                          Ann Arbor, MI                -          2,300      22,659            -          4,010
Sea Air                             Rehoboth Beach, DE          4345        1,207      10,179            -            853
Sherman Oaks                        Jackson, FL                  B            200       2,400          240          4,132
Siesta Bay                          Ft. Myers Beach, FL          -          2,051      18,549            -            901
Silver Star                         Orlando, FL                  -          1,022       9,306            -            452
Snow to Sun                         Weslaco, TX                  -            190       2,143           15            926
Southfork                           Belton, MO                   -          1,000       9,011            -          1,521
St. Clair Place                     St. Clair, MI                -            501       2,029            -            361
Stonebridge                         Richfield Twp., MI          1119        2,044           -          180          1,918

<CAPTION>
                                     GROSS AMOUNT CARRIED AT
                                        DECEMBER 31, 2003
                                    -------------------------
                                                                                                              DATE OF
                                                                                         ACCUMULATED       CONSTRUCTION (C)
PROPERTY NAME                             LAND            B & F             TOTAL       DEPRECIATION        ACQUISION (A)
- ---------------------------------   ------------   --------------     --------------   -------------       -------------
<S>                                 <C>          <C>                <C>              <C>                    <C>
High Point                                898             8,168           9,066                740           1997(A)
Holiday Village                           243             4,494           4,737              1,476           1986(A)
Holly Forest                              920             8,775           9,695              1,915           1997(A)
Indian Creek                            3,832            36,401          40,233              9,266           1996(A)
Island Lake                               700             6,780           7,480              1,930           1995(A)
Kensington Meadows                        250             6,331           6,581              1,478           1995(A)
Kenwood                                   145             1,883           2,028                299           1999(A)
King's Court                            1,473            15,412          16,885              3,821           1996(A)
King's Lake                               280             4,799           5,079              1,280           1994(A)
Knollwood Estates                         400             4,073           4,473                343           2001(A)
Lafayette Place                           669             6,847           7,516              1,267           1998(A)
Lake Juliana                              335             3,847           4,182              1,116           1994(A)
Lake San Marino                           650             6,324           6,974              1,606           1996(A)
Leesburg Landing                          971               860           1,831                215           1996(A)
Liberty Farms                             182             3,263           3,445                987           1985(A)
Lincoln Estates                           455             4,654           5,109              1,162           1996(A)
Maplewood Mobile                          275             3,096           3,371                957           1989(A)
Meadow Lake Estates                     1,315            13,451          14,766              4,406           1994(A)
Meadowbrook                             1,310             9,348          10,658                980          2000(A&C)
Meadowbrook Estates                       810             9,368          10,178              3,007           1986(A)
Meadowbrook Village                       519             5,226           5,745              1,687           1994(A)
Meadows                                   287             4,823           5,110              1,434           1987(A)
North Point Estates                     1,583             5,655           7,238                408           2001(C)
Oak Crest                               4,311            12,966          17,277                670           2002(A)
Oakwood Village                         1,964            12,976          14,940              2,006           1998(A)
Orange Tree                               298             3,325           3,623                977           1994(A)
Orchard Lake                              395             4,069           4,464                670           1999(A)
Pebble Creek                            1,030             8,492           9,522                934          2000(A&C)
Pecan Branch                            1,710             4,286           5,996                284           1999(C)
Pheasant Ridge                          2,044            19,317          21,361                990           2002(A)
Pin Oak Parc                            1,505             8,199           9,704              1,887           1994(A)
Pine Hills                                132             2,328           2,460                709           1980(A)
Pine Ridge                                405             3,756           4,161              1,174           1986(A)
Presidential                              680             7,600           8,280              1,889           1996(A)
Richmond                                  501             2,501           3,002                468           1998(A)
River Haven                             1,800            17,146          18,946              1,506           2001(A)
River Ranch                             4,690             7,433          12,123                133          2000(A&C)
River Ridge                             3,201            15,315          18,516                910           2002(A)
Roxbury                                 1,058             9,969          11,027                837           2001(A)
Royal Country                           2,290            21,691          23,981              7,230           1994(A)
Saddle Oak Club                           730             7,548           8,278              2,290           1995(A)
Saddlebrook                             1,703            12,154          13,857                623           2002(A)
Scio Farms                              2,300            26,669          28,969              7,217           1995(A)
Sea Air                                 1,207            11,032          12,239                996           1997(A)
Sherman Oaks                              440             6,532           6,972              1,978           1986(A)
Siesta Bay                              2,051            19,450          21,501              4,950           1996(A)
Silver Star                             1,022             9,758          10,780              2,492           1996(A)
Snow to Sun                               205             3,069           3,274                669           1997(A)
Southfork                               1,000            10,532          11,532              1,902           1997(A)
St. Clair Place                           501             2,390           2,891                548           1998(A)
Stonebridge                             2,224             1,918           4,142                  -           1998(C)
</TABLE>

                                  F-29
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                        COST CAPITALIZED
                                                                                                    SUBSEQUENT TO ACQUISITION
                                                                         INITIAL COST TO COMPANY        IMPROVEMENTS
                                                                         -----------------------    ---------------------------


PROPERTY NAME                         LOCATION              ENCUMBRANCE     LAND        B & F        & LAND         B & F
- ---------------------------------   ---------------------  ------------  ----------  ----------   -------------    ---------
<S>                                 <C>                    <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>              <C>
Stonebridge                         San Antonio, TX              -          2,552       2,096        1,881          3,011
Summit Ridge                        Converse, TX                 -          2,615       2,092            -          5,263
Sun Villa                           Reno, NV                    6567        2,385      11,773            -            403
Sunset Ridge                        Portland, MI                 -          2,044           -            -         11,532
Sunset Ridge                        Kyle, TX                     -          2,190       2,775            -          5,002
Timber Ridge                        Ft. Collins, CO              A            990       9,231            -          1,227
Timberbrook                         Bristol, IN                  B            490       3,400          101          5,281
Timberline Estates                  Grand Rapids, MI             A            535       4,867            -            742
Town and Country                    Traverse City, MI            -            406       3,736            -            277
Valley Brook                        Indianapolis, IN             A            150       3,500        1,277          9,171
Village Trails                      Howard City, MI              -            988       1,472            -            735
Water Oak                           Lady Lake, FL                -          2,503      17,478            -          6,357
West Glen Village                   Indianapolis, IN             -          1,100      10,028            -          1,014
Westbrook                           Toledo, OH                  9606        1,110      10,462            -            890
Westbrook Senior                    Toledo, OH                   -            355       3,295            -            346
White Lake                          White Lake, MI               -            672       6,179            -          4,732
White Oak                           Mt. Morris, MI               A            782       7,245          112          3,704
Willowbrook                         Toledo, OH                                781       7,054            -            703
Windham Hills                       Jackson, MI                  -          2,673       2,364            -          7,789
Woodhaven Place                     Woodhaven, MI                -            501       4,541            -            883
Woodlake Estates                    Yoder, IN                    -            632       3,674            -          2,683
Woodlake Trails                     San Antonio, TX              -          1,186         287          160          3,279
Woodland Park Estates               Eugene, OR                  7006        1,592      14,398            -            392
Woods Edge                          West Lafayette, IN           -            100       2,600            3          7,837
Woodside Terrace                    Holland, OH                  -          1,064       9,625            -          1,467
Worthington Arms                    Lewis Center, OH             -            376       2,624            -          1,267
Corporate Headquarters              Farmington Hills, MI         -              -           -            -          8,628
Sun Homes                           Various                                                            703         32,035 (3)
                                                                        ---------  ----------     --------      ---------
                                                                        $ 121,499    $723,661     $ 15,956      $ 359,289
                                                                        =========  ==========     ========      =========

<CAPTION>
                                      GROSS AMOUNT CARRIED AT
                                        DECEMBER 31, 2003
                                    -------------------------
                                                                                                              DATE OF
                                                                                         ACCUMULATED       CONSTRUCTION (C)
PROPERTY NAME                             LAND            B & F             TOTAL       DEPRECIATION        ACQUISION (A)
- ---------------------------------   ------------   --------------     --------------   -------------       -------------
<S>                                 <C>          <C>                <C>              <C>                    <C>
Stonebridge                             4,433             5,107              9,540             590          2000(A&C)
Summit Ridge                            2,615             7,355              9,970             640          2000(A&C)
Sun Villa                               2,385            12,176             14,561           2,254           1998(A)
Sunset Ridge                            2,044            11,532             13,576             826           1998(C)
Sunset Ridge                            2,190             7,777              9,967             772          2000(A&C)
Timber Ridge                              990            10,458             11,448           2,592           1996(A)
Timberbrook                               591             8,681              9,272           2,618           1987(A)
Timberline Estates                        535             5,609              6,144           1,728           1994(A)
Town and Country                          406             4,013              4,419           1,040           1996(A)
Valley Brook                            1,427            12,671             14,098           3,712           1989(A)
Village Trails                            988             2,207              3,195             386           1998(A)
Water Oak                               2,503            23,835             26,338           6,986           1993(A)
West Glen Village                       1,100            11,042             12,142           3,407           1994(A)
Westbrook                               1,110            11,352             12,462           1,733           1999(A)
Westbrook Senior                          355             3,641              3,996             300           2001(A)
White Lake                                672            10,911             11,583           1,904           1997(A)
White Oak                                 894            10,949             11,843           2,156           1997(A)
Willowbrook                               781             7,757              8,538           1,398           1997(A)
Windham Hills                           2,673            10,153             12,826           1,443           1998(A)
Woodhaven Place                           501             5,424              5,925             990           1998(A)
Woodlake Estates                          632             6,357              6,989           1,001           1998(A)
Woodlake Trails                         1,346             3,566              4,912             308          2000(A&C)
Woodland Park Estates                   1,592            14,790             16,382           2,745           1998(A)
Woods Edge                                103            10,437             10,540           2,270           1985(A)
Woodside Terrace                        1,064            11,092             12,156           2,371           1997(A)
Worthington Arms                          376             3,891              4,267           1,250           1990(A)
Corporate Headquarters                                    8,628              8,628           2,089           Various
Sun Homes                                 703            32,035             32,738           2,403           Various
                                     --------       ------------       -----------      ----------
                                     $137,455 (2)   $ 1,082,950        $ 1,220,405       $ 209,921
                                     ========       ============       ===========      ==========
</TABLE>

A    These communities collateralize $152.36 million of secured debt.

B     These communities collateralize $41.6 million of secured debt.

C     These communities collateralize $4.61 million of secured debt.

(1)      The initial cost for this property is included in the initial cost
         reported for Continental Estates.

(2)      Includes $1.50 million of land classified in Property under development

(3)      Includes $29.26 million of manufactured homes leased to residents in
         various communities

                                      F-30
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER         DESCRIPTION
- ------         -----------
<S>            <C>
12.1           Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Ratio
               Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends

21.1           List of Subsidiaries of Sun Communities, Inc.

23.1           Consent of PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP

23.2           Consent of Grant Thornton LLP

31.1           Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302
               of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31.2           Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302
               of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.1           Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
               Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>k82518exv12w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF RATIOS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 12.1

                COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
                 AND RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES
                           AND PREFERRED DISTRIBUTIONS

         The ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the Company (including its
subsidiaries and majority-owned partnerships) presents the relationship of the
Company's earnings to its fixed charges. "Earnings" as used in the computation,
is based on the Company's income from continuing operations before minority
interests and income or loss from equity investees plus fixed charges. "Fixed
charges" is comprised of (i) interest charges, whether expensed or capitalized,
(ii) amortization of loan costs and discounts or premiums relating to
indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries and majority-owned
partnerships, excluding in all cases items which would be or are eliminated in
consolidation, and (iii) preferred stock or OP Unit distributions.

         The Company's ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges presents the
relationship of the Company's earnings (as defined above) to fixed charges (as
defined above).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             2003         2002 (a)    2001 (a)      2000 (a)       1999 (a)
                                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                           (unaudited, in thousands)
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>         <C>           <C>           <C>
Earnings:
     Income from continuing operations                     $ 24,695       $39,745     $ 42,915      $40,985       $ 37,435
     before minority interest and income
     (loss) from equity investee
Add:
     Fixed charges                                           48,178        42,644       42,851       40,625         33,182
Less:
     Distributions to preferred OP unitholders               (8,537)       (7,803)      (8,131)      (7,826)        (3,663)
     Capitalized Interest                                    (2,082)       (2,915)      (3,704)      (3,148)        (2,230)
                                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           $ 62,254      $ 71,671     $ 73,931      $70,636       $ 64,724
                                                     ======================================================================


Fixed Charges:
     Interest Expense                                      $ 36,680       $32,375     $ 31,016     $ 29,651       $ 27,289
     Hedging Valuation Adjustment                               879          (449)           -            -              -
     Distributions to preferred OP unitholders                8,537         7,803        8,131        7,826          3,663
     Capitalized Interest                                     2,082         2,915        3,704        3,148          2,230
                                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           $ 48,178       $42,644     $ 42,851      $40,625       $ 33,182
                                                     ======================================================================

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges                             1.29          1.68         1.73         1.74           1.95
</TABLE>

     (a)  Amounts are presented prior to restatement for FAS 144 related to
          discontinued operations.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>k82518exv21w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.

                       EXHIBIT 21.1 - LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

         Main operating subsidiary:

Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

         Other subsidiaries (wholly-owned):

SCF Manager, Inc., a Michigan corporation

SCN Manager, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun Florida QRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun Secured Financing GP, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun QRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun Texas QRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation

          Subsidiaries of Sun Communities Operating Limited Partnership

8920 Associates, a Florida general partnership

Apple Orchard, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Arizona Finance L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Alpine Project, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Arbor Terrace, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership

Aspen-Bonita Lake Resort Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Aspen-Brentwood Project, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Byron Project, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Country Project, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Ft. Collins Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Aspen-Grand Project, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Holland Estates, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Aspen-Indian Project Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Aspen-Paradise Park II Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Aspen-Siesta Bay Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Aspen-Silver Star II Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Aspen-Town & Country Associates II, L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Bright Insurance Agency, Inc., a Michigan corporation

<PAGE>

                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.

                 EXHIBIT 21.1 - LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, CONTINUED


Comal Farms Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

CP Comal Farms Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

CP Creekside LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

CP Woodlake Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Creekside Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

East Fork Crossing Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Family Retreat, Inc., a Michigan corporation

FC East Fork Crossing LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

FC Glen Laurel LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

FC Meadowbrook LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

FC Pebble Creek LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

FC River Ranch Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

FC Stonebridge Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

FC Summit Ridge Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

FC Sunset Ridge Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Glen Laurel Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Knollwood Estates Operating Company L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Meadowbrook Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Meadow Lakes Development Company LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Miami Lakes Venture Associates, a Florida general partnership

Origen Financial, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company

Pebble Creek Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Priority Entertainment L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

River Haven Operating Company L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

River Ranch Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

River Ridge Equities, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

River Ridge Investments, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

SCA2, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Snowbird Concessions, Inc., a Texas corporation

Stonebridge Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

<PAGE>



                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.

                 EXHIBIT 21.1 - LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, CONTINUED

Summit Ridge Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Cave Creek L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

SunChamp, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sunchamp Holdings, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Communities Acquisitions, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Communities Finance, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Communities Financial, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Communities Funding Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun Communities Secured Financing Houston Limited Partnership, a Michigan
limited partnership

Sun Communities Mezzanine Lender, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Communities Nevada GP L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Communities Nevada Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun Communities Texas Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun Communities Texas Mezzanine Lender Limited Partnership., a Michigan limited
partnership

Sun Communities Funding GP L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Financial, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Financial Texas Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun/Forest LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun/Forest Holdings LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun GP L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Home Services, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun Hunters Glen L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Life Associates Limited Partnership, an Arizona limited partnership

Sun Life Trailer Resort Limited Partnership, an Arizona limited partnership

Sun MHC Development LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Oakcrest Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun OFI, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Pheasant Ridge, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sun Pine Trace Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

<PAGE>



                              SUN COMMUNITIES, INC.

                 EXHIBIT 21.1 - LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, CONTINUED

Sun River Ridge Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun Saddle Brook Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership

Sun Secured Financing, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Sunset Ridge Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

SUI TRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun TRS, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun Water Oak Golf, Inc., a Michigan corporation

Sun/York L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company

Woodlake Manager LLC, a Michigan limited liability company

Woodside Terrace, Ltd., an Ohio limited liability company


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>k82518exv23w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


         We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-54718, 333-86237, 333-64271, 333-14595,
333-45273, 333-72461, 333-30462, 333-72668, 333-82392, 333-19855, 333-36541,
333-1822, 333-96769 and 333-104737) and Form S-8 (Nos.333-11923, 333-82479,
333-76400, 333-76398) of Sun Communities, Inc. of our report dated March 12,
2003 except for Note 3 as to which the date is March 12, 2004 relating to the
2002 and 2001 financial statements which is incorporated in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.


PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Detroit, Michigan
March 15, 2004


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>k82518exv23w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF GRANT THORNTON, LLP
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 23.2

               CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on
Form S-3 (File No. 333-54718, File No. 333-86237, File No. 333-64271, File No.
333-14595, File No. 333-45273, File No. 333-72461, File No. 333-30462, File No.
333-72668, File No. 333-82392, File No. 333-19855, File No. 333-36541, File No.
333-1822, File No. 333-96769, and File No, 333-104737) and on Form S-8 (File No.
333-11923, File No. 333-82479, File No. 333-76400, and File No. 333-76398) of
Sun Communities, Inc. of our reports dated February 19, 2004 relating to the
2003 consolidated financial statements which appear in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the aforementioned
registration statements of our reports dated February 3, 2004 relating to the
consolidated financial statements of Origen Financial Inc. and Origen Financial,
L.L.C. which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

/S/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

Southfield, MI
March 15, 2004

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>k82518exv31w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 31.1

                                 CERTIFICATIONS
        (As Adopted Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

I, Gary A. Shiffman, certify that:

1.       I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sun Communities,
         Inc.;

2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) for the
         registrant and have:

                  a)       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
                           caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
                           designed under our supervision, to ensure that
                           material information relating to the registrant,
                           including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
                           known to us by others within those entities,
                           particularly during the period in which this report
                           is being prepared;

                  b)       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
                           disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
                           this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
                           of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
                           end of the period covered by this report based on
                           such evaluation; and

                  c)       Disclosed in this report any change in the
                           registrant's internal control over financial
                           reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
                           recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
                           quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
                           materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
                           materially affect, the registrant's internal control
                           over financial reporting; and

5.       The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         function):

                  a)       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
                           in the design or operation of internal control over
                           financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
                           adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
                           process, summarize and report financial information;
                           and

                  b)       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
                           management or other employees who have a significant
                           role in the registrant's internal control over
                           financial reporting.

Dated: March 15, 2004

                                       /s/ Gary A. Shiffman
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Gary A. Shiffman, Chief Executive Officer


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>k82518exv31w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 31.2

                                 CERTIFICATIONS
        (As Adopted Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

I, Jeffrey P. Jorissen, certify that:

1.       I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sun Communities,
         Inc.;

2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
         registrant and have:

                  a)       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
                           caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
                           designed under our supervision, to ensure that
                           material information relating to the registrant,
                           including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
                           known to us by others within those entities,
                           particularly during the period in which this report
                           is being prepared;

                  b)       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
                           disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
                           this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
                           of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
                           end of the period covered by this report based on
                           such evaluation; and

                  c)       Disclosed in this report any change in the
                           registrant's internal control over financial
                           reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
                           recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
                           quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
                           materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
                           materially affect, the registrant's internal control
                           over financial reporting; and

5.       The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         function):

                  a)       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
                           in the design or operation of internal control over
                           financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
                           adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
                           process, summarize and report financial information;
                           and

                  b)       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
                           management or other employees who have a significant
                           role in the registrant's internal control over
                           financial reporting.

Dated: March 15, 2004              /s/ Jeffrey P. Jorissen
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                    Jeffrey P. Jorissen, Chief Financial Officer


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>k82518exv32w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION OF CEO & CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 32.1

                CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
       (Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

         In connection with the Annual Report of Sun Communities, Inc. (the
"Corporation") on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2003 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), the
undersigned officers, Gary A. Shiffman and Jeffrey P. Jorissen, hereby certify
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to their knowledge:

         (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
         15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

         (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
         material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
         the Corporation.


/s/ Gary A. Shiffman                                       Dated: March 15, 2004
- --------------------------------------------
Gary A. Shiffman, Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Jeffrey P. Jorissen                                    Dated: March 15, 2004
- --------------------------------------------
Jeffrey P. Jorissen, Chief Financial Officer

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to Sun Communities, Inc. and will be retained by Sun Communities, Inc.
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
