-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 P3cAtxSAFz8VBV5XHCvdnXfZ+OnujMowXAMU9DSdju9BcMv0lYn/SF4hIegQdX8V
 x+/K/b2JXcSeGi9lQ+F7Mg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001019687-06-000537.txt : 20060313
<SEC-HEADER>0001019687-06-000537.hdr.sgml : 20060313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060310193636
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019687-06-000537
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20051231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000889609
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				330459135
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14116
		FILM NUMBER:		06680673

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16355 LAGUNA CANYON
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9497536800
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cps_10k-123105.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

================================================================================

                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                ________________

                                    FORM 10-K

[X] ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934

                   FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2005
                        COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 1-14116

                        CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC.
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

                CALIFORNIA                                   33-0459135
    (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF                       (I.R.S. EMPLOYER
    INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)                       IDENTIFICATION NO.)

   16355 LAGUNA CANYON ROAD, IRVINE, CALIFORNIA                92618
     (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)                (ZIP CODE)

       REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: (949) 753-6800

        SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: NONE

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
                           Common Stock, No Par Value

   Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
   defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.                   Yes [ ] No [ X ]

   Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
   pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes [ ] No [ X ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. Yes [ X ] No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer and large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large
accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer [ X ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ]. No [ X ]

The aggregate market value of the 12,103,138 shares of the registrant's common
stock held by non-affiliates, based upon the closing price of the registrant's
common stock of $4.55 per share reported by Nasdaq as of June 30, 2005, was
approximately $55,069,278. For purposes of this computation, a registrant
sponsored pension plan and all directors, executive officers, and beneficial
owners of 10 percent or more of the registrant's common stock are deemed to be
affiliates. Such determination is not an admission that such plan, directors,
executive officers, and beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the
registrant. The number of shares of the registrant's Common Stock outstanding on
March 6, 2006, was 21,729,543.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The proxy statement for registrant's 2006 annual shareholders meeting is
incorporated by reference into Part III hereof.
================================================================================

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS


GENERAL

Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. ("CPS," and together with its subsidiaries,
the "Company") is a consumer finance company specializing in purchasing, selling
and servicing retail automobile installment purchase contracts ("Contracts")
originated by licensed motor vehicle dealers ("Dealers") in the sale of new and
used automobiles, light trucks and passenger vans. Through its purchases, the
Company provides indirect financing to Dealer customers with limited credit
histories, low incomes or past credit problems ("Sub-Prime Customers"). The
Company serves as an alternative source of financing for Dealers, allowing sales
to customers who otherwise might not be able to obtain financing. The Company
does not lend money directly to consumers. Rather, it purchases installment
Contracts from Dealers. CPS purchases Contracts under any of several programs
(the "CPS Programs") that it offers to Dealers.

CPS was incorporated and began its operations in 1991. From inception through
December 31, 2005, the Company has purchased approximately $6.1 billion of
Contracts from Dealers. In addition, the Company obtained a total of
approximately $605 million of Contracts in its 2002, 2003 and 2004 acquisitions,
described below. As of December 31, 2005, the Company had a total managed
portfolio, net of unearned interest on pre-computed Contracts, of approximately
$1.1 billion, including the remaining outstanding balance of Contracts acquired
in the acquisitions and $18.0 million of Contracts serviced for non-affiliated
owners of the Contracts.


ACQUISITIONS

In March 2002, the Company acquired MFN Financial Corporation and its
subsidiaries in a merger (the "MFN Merger"). In May 2003, the Company acquired
TFC Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries in a second merger (the "TFC
Merger"). MFN Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries ("MFN") and TFC
Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries ("TFC") were engaged in businesses
similar to that of the Company; buying Contracts from Dealers, financing those
Contracts through securitization transactions, and servicing those Contracts.
The Company acquired approximately $380 million of Contracts in the MFN Merger,
and approximately $150 million in the TFC Merger. MFN ceased acquiring Contracts
in March 2002; TFC continues to acquire Contracts under its "TFC Programs," on
terms and conditions similar to those it used prior to the TFC Merger. Contracts
purchased by TFC during the year ended December 31, 2005 accounted for less than
5% of the Company's total purchases during the year.

The Company on April 2, 2004 acquired (in the "SeaWest Asset Acquisition") $74.9
million in automotive finance receivables and $3.6 million in other assets from
SeaWest Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, "SeaWest").
The other assets included a $2.8 million note to an affiliate of SeaWest and
certain furniture and equipment. In addition, the Company was appointed the
successor servicer of three separate term securitization transactions originally
sponsored by SeaWest (the "SeaWest Third Party Portfolio").


SECURITIZATIONS

GENERALLY

Throughout the periods for which information is presented in this report, the
Company has purchased Contracts with the intention of repackaging them in
securitizations. All such securitizations have involved identification of
specific Contracts, sale of those Contracts (and associated rights) to a special
purpose subsidiary of the Company, and issuance of asset-backed securities to
fund the transactions. Depending on the structure of the securitization, the
transaction may be properly accounted for as a sale of the Contracts, or as a
secured financing.

<PAGE>

When structured to be treated as a secured financing, the subsidiary is
consolidated with the Company. Accordingly, the Contracts and the related
securitization trust debt appear as assets and liabilities, respectively, of the
Company on its Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company then recognizes interest
income on the receivables and interest expense on the securities issued in the
securitization and records as expense a provision for probable credit losses on
the receivables.

When structured to be treated as a sale, the subsidiary is not consolidated with
the Company. Accordingly, the securitization removes the sold Contracts from the
Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet, the asset-backed securities (debt of the
non-consolidated subsidiary) do not appear as debt of the Company, and the
Company shows as an asset a retained residual interest in the sold Contracts.
The residual interest represents the discounted value of what the Company
expects will be the excess of future collections on the Contracts over principal
and interest due on the asset-backed securities and other expenses. That
residual interest appears on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet as
"Residual interest in securitizations," and its value is dependent on estimates
of the future performance of the sold Contracts.

CHANGE IN POLICY

Beginning in the third quarter of 2003, the Company began to structure its term
secruitization transactions so that they would be treated for financial
accounting purposes as borrowings secured by receivables, rather than as sales
of receivables. All subsequent term securitizations of such finance receivables
have been so structured.

CREDIT RISK RETAINED

Whether a securitization is treated as a secured financing or as a sale for
financial accounting purposes, the related special purpose subsidiary may be
unable to release excess cash to the Company if the credit performance of the
securitized Contracts falls short of pre-determined standards. Such releases
represent a material portion of the cash that the Company uses to fund its
operations. An unexpected deterioration in the performance of securitized
Contracts could therefore have a material adverse effect on both the Company's
liquidity and its results of operations, regardless of whether such Contracts
are treated as having been sold or as having been financed. For estimation of
the magnitude of such risk, it may be appropriate to look to the size of the
Company's "managed portfolio," which represents both financed and sold Contracts
as to which such credit risk is retained. The Company's managed portfolio as of
December 31, 2005 was approximately $1.1 billion (this amount includes $18.0
million related to the SeaWest Third Party Portfolio on which the Company earns
only servicing fees and has no credit risk). See "-- Securitization of
Contracts," "-- The Servicing Agreements," "--Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and "--Liquidity and
Capital Resources."


THE MARKET WE SERVE

The Company's automobile financing programs are designed to serve customers who
generally would not qualify for automobile financing from traditional sources,
such as commercial banks, credit unions and the captive finance companies
affiliated with major automobile manufacturers. Such customers generally have
limited credit histories, low incomes or past credit problems, and are therefore
often unable to obtain credit from traditional sources of automobile financing.
(The terms "prime" and "sub-prime" reflect the Company's categorization of
customers and bear no relationship to the prime rate of interest or persons who
are able to borrow at that rate.) Because the Company serves customers who are
unable to meet the credit standards imposed by most traditional automobile
financing sources, the Company generally receives interest at rates higher than
those charged by traditional automobile financing sources. The Company also
sustains a higher level of credit losses than traditional automobile financing
sources since the Company provides financing in a relatively high risk market.


                                       2
<PAGE>


MARKETING

The Company directs its marketing efforts to Dealers, rather than to consumers.
As of December 31, 2005, the Company was a party to its standard form dealer
agreements ("Dealer Agreements") with over 7,300 Dealers. Approximately 92% of
these Dealers are franchised new car dealers that sell both new and used cars
and the remainder are independent used car dealers. For the year ended December
31, 2005, approximately 81% of the Contracts purchased under the CPS Programs
consisted of financing for used cars and the remaining 19% for new cars, as
compared to 85% used and 15% new in the year ended December 31, 2004.

The Company establishes relationships with Dealers through employee
representatives who contact a prospective Dealer to explain the Company's
Contract purchase programs, and thereafter provide Dealer training and support
services. As of December 31, 2005, the Company had 84 representatives. The
representatives are obligated to represent the Company's financing program
exclusively. The Company's representatives present the Dealer with a marketing
package, which includes the Company's promotional material containing the terms
offered by the Company for the purchase of Contracts, a copy of the Company's
standard-form Dealer Agreement, and required documentation relating to
Contracts. Marketing representatives have no authority relating to the decision
to purchase Contracts from Dealers.

Most of the Dealers under contract with CPS regularly submit Contracts to the
Company for purchase, although they are under no obligation to submit any
Contracts to the Company, nor is the Company obligated to purchase any
Contracts. During the year ended December 31, 2005, no Dealer accounted for more
than 1% of the total number of Contracts purchased by the Company under the CPS
Programs. Contracts purchased by TFC after the TFC Merger under the TFC Programs
are purchased with a dealer marketing strategy that is similar to that of CPS as
described above except that the marketing efforts are directed at independent
used car dealers and the target obligors are enlisted personnel of the U.S.
Armed Forces. The following table sets forth the geographical sources of the
Contracts purchased by the Company under the CPS Programs (based on the
addresses of the customers as stated on the Company's records) during the years
ended December 31, 2005 and 2004. Contracts purchased by TFC after the TFC
Merger are not included because such purchases accounted for less than 10% of
the total purchases during the year. All Contracts are acquired from Dealers
located within the United States.

                                       3
<PAGE>

                               CONTRACTS PURCHASED DURING THE YEAR ENDED (1)
                            ----------------------------------------------------
                                DECEMBER 31, 2005          DECEMBER 31, 2004
                            ----------------------------------------------------
                               NUMBER     PERCENT (2)     NUMBER     PERCENT (2)
                            ------------ ------------- ------------ ------------
Texas                             4,734         10.7%        3,422        12.1%
California                        3,981          9.0%        2,431         8.6%
Ohio                              3,311          7.5%        1,437         5.1%
Florida                           3,151          7.1%        1,731         6.1%
Pennsylvania                      2,732          6.2%        1,676         5.9%
Lousiana                          2,268          5.1%        1,949         6.9%
Illinois                          2,188          4.9%        1,312         4.6%
North Carolina                    2,003          4.5%        1,390         4.9%
Maryland                          1,933          4.4%        1,373         4.8%
Kentucky                          1,851          4.2%        1,118         3.9%
Michigan                          1,883          4.2%        1,121         4.0%
New York                          1,617          3.6%        1,102         3.9%
Virginia                          1,379          3.1%        1,043         3.7%
Georgia                           1,277          2.9%        1,263         4.5%
Other States                     10,068         22.7%        6,008        21.2%
                            ------------ ------------- ------------ ------------
                 Total            44,376       100.0%        28,376      100.0%
                            ============ ============= ============ ============


- ------------
(1) EXCLUDES PURCHASES UNDER THE TFC PROGRAMS.
(2) AMOUNTS MAY NOT TOTAL 100% DUE TO ROUNDING.


ORIGINATION OF CONTRACTS

DEALER ORIGINATION

When a retail automobile buyer elects to obtain financing from a Dealer, the
Dealer takes a credit application to submit to its financing sources. Typically,
a Dealer will submit the buyer's application to more than one financing source
for review. The Company believes the Dealer's decision to choose the Company,
rather than other financing sources, is based primarily on the monthly payment
that will be offered to the automobile buyer, the purchase price offered for the
Contract, the timeliness, consistency and predictability of response, and any
conditions to purchase.

Upon receipt of information from a Dealer, the Company's proprietary automated
decisioning system orders a credit report to document the buyer's credit
history. If, upon review by the automated decisioning systems, or in some cases,
a Company credit analyst, it is determined that the Contract meets the Company's
underwriting criteria, or would meet such criteria with modification, the
Company requests and reviews further information and supporting documentation
and, ultimately, decides whether to approve the Contract for purchase. When
presented with an application, the Company attempts to notify the Dealer within
two hours as to whether it would purchase the related Contract.

The actual agreement for purchase of the vehicle ("Contract") is prepared by the
Dealer. The Dealer also arranges for recording the Company's lien on the
vehicle. After the appropriate documents are signed by the Dealer and the
customer, the Dealer sends the Contract and related supporting documentation to
the Company. Upon receipt, the Company performs certain other underwriting and
review procedures after which, if all the appropriate criteria are satisfied,
the Contract is purchased by the Company.

The Company purchases Contracts under the CPS Programs from Dealers at a price
generally equal to the total amount financed under the Contracts, adjusted for
an acquisition fee, which may either increase or decrease the Contract purchase
price paid by the Company. The amount of the acquisition fee, and whether it
results in an increase or decrease to the Contract purchase price, is based on
the perceived credit risk and, in some cases, the interest rate on the Contract.
For the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, the average acquisition
fee charged per Contract purchased under the CPS Programs was $150, $226 and
$372, respectively, or 1.0%, 1.6% and 2.7%, respectively, of the amount
financed.

                                       4
<PAGE>

The Company attempts to control misrepresentation regarding the customer's
credit worthiness by carefully screening the Contracts it purchases, by
establishing and maintaining professional business relationships with Dealers,
and by including certain representations and warranties by the Dealer in the
Dealer Agreement. Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Company may require the
Dealer to repurchase any Contract in the event that the Dealer breaches its
representations or warranties. There can be no assurance, however, that any
Dealer will have the willingness or the financial resources to satisfy its
repurchase obligations to the Company.


OBJECTIVE CONTRACT PURCHASE CRITERIA

To be eligible for purchase by the Company, a Contract must have been originated
by a Dealer that has entered into a Dealer Agreement to sell Contracts to the
Company. The Contract must be secured by a first priority lien on a new or used
automobile, light truck or passenger van and must meet the Company's
underwriting criteria. In addition, each Contract requires the customer to
maintain physical damage insurance covering the financed vehicle and naming the
Company as a loss payee. The Company or any purchaser of the Contract from the
Company may, nonetheless, suffer a loss upon theft or physical damage of any
financed vehicle if the customer fails to maintain insurance as required by the
Contract and is unable to pay for repairs to or replacement of the vehicle or is
otherwise unable to fulfill his or her obligations under the Contract.

The Company believes that its objective underwriting criteria enable it to
evaluate effectively the creditworthiness of Sub-Prime Customers and the
adequacy of the financed vehicle as security for a Contract. These criteria
include standards for price, term, amount of down payment, installment payment
and interest rate; mileage, age and type of vehicle; principal amount of the
Contract in relation to the value of the vehicle; customer income level,
employment and residence stability, credit history and debt service ability; and
other factors. Specifically, the Company's guidelines for the CPS Programs
generally limit the maximum principal amount of a purchased Contract to 115% of
wholesale book value in the case of used vehicles or to 115% of the
manufacturer's invoice in the case of new vehicles, plus, in each case, sales
tax, licensing and, when the customer purchases such additional items, a service
contract or a credit life or disability policy. The Company does not finance
vehicles that are more than eight model years old or have in excess of 85,000
miles. Under most CPS Programs, the maximum term of a purchased Contract is 72
months; a shorter maximum term may be applied based on the mileage of the
vehicle, and Contracts with the maximum term of 72 months may be purchased if
the customer is among the more creditworthy of CPS's obligors and the vehicle is
generally not more than two model years old and has less than 35,000 miles.
Contract purchase criteria are subject to change from time to time as
circumstances may warrant. Upon receiving this information with the customer's
application, the Company's underwriters verify the customer's employment,
residency, insurance and credit information provided by the customer by
contacting various parties noted on the customer's application, credit
information bureaus and other sources. In addition, prior to purchasing a
Contract under the CPS Programs, CPS contacts each customer by telephone to
confirm that the Customer understands and agrees to the terms of the related
Contract.

CREDIT SCORING. Under the CPS Programs, the Company uses a proprietary scoring
model to assign to each Contract a "credit score" at the time the application is
received from the Dealer and the customer's credit information is retrieved from
the credit reporting agencies. The credit score is based on a variety of
parameters, such as the customer's employment and residence stability, the
customer's income, the monthly payment amount, the loan-to-value ratio and the
age and mileage of the vehicle. The Company has developed the credit score as a
means of improving its allocation of credit evaluation resources, and managing
the risk inherent in the sub-prime market.

CHARACTERISTICS OF CONTRACTS. All of the Contracts purchased by the Company are
fully amortizing and provide for level payments over the term of the Contract.
The average original principal amount financed, under the CPS Programs and in
the year ended December 31, 2005, was $14,875, with an average original term of
62 months and an average down payment amount of 13.4%. Based on information


                                       5
<PAGE>

contained in customer applications, for this 12-month period, the retail
purchase price of the related automobiles averaged $15,278 (which excludes tax,
license fees, and any additional costs such as a maintenance contract), the
average age of the vehicle at the time the Contract was purchased was three
years, and CPS customers averaged approximately 38 years of age, with
approximately $39,596 in average annual household income and an average of 5.0
years history with his or her current employer.

All Contracts may be prepaid at any time without penalty. In the event a
customer elects to prepay a Contract in full, the payoff amount is calculated by
deducting the unearned interest from the Contract balance, in the case of a
pre-computed Contract, or by adding accrued interest to the Contract balance, in
the case of a simple interest Contract, plus, in either case, adding any accrued
fees such as late fees.

Each Contract purchased by the Company prohibits the sale or transfer of the
financed vehicle without the Company's consent and allows for the acceleration
of the maturity of a Contract upon a sale or transfer without such consent. The
Company generally does not consent to a sale or transfer of a financed vehicle
unless the related Contract is prepaid in full.

DEALER COMPLIANCE. The Dealer Agreement and related assignment contain
representations and warranties by the Dealer that an application for state
registration of each financed vehicle, naming the Company as secured party with
respect to the vehicle, was effected at the time of sale of the related Contract
to the Company, and that all necessary steps have been taken to obtain a
perfected first priority security interest in each financed vehicle in favor of
the Company under the laws of the state in which the financed vehicle is
registered. If a Dealer or the Company, because of clerical error or otherwise,
has failed to take such action in a timely manner, or to maintain such interest
with respect to a financed vehicle, neither the Company nor any purchaser of the
related Contract from the Company would have a perfected security interest in
the financed vehicle and its security interest may be subordinate to the
interest of, among others, subsequent purchasers of the financed vehicle,
holders of perfected security interests and a trustee in bankruptcy of the
customer. The security interest of the Company or the purchaser of a Contract
may also be subordinate to the interests of third parties if the interest is not
perfected due to administrative error by state recording officials. Moreover,
fraud or forgery could render a Contract unenforceable. In such events, the
Company could suffer a loss with respect to the related Contract. In the event
the Company suffers such a loss, it will generally have recourse against the
Dealer from which it purchased the Contract. This recourse will be unsecured,
and there can be no assurance that any particular Dealer will satisfy its
obligations to the Company.


SERVICING OF CONTRACTS

GENERAL. The Company's servicing activities consist of mailing monthly billing
statements; collecting, accounting for and posting of all payments received;
responding to customer inquiries; taking all necessary action to maintain the
security interest granted in the financed vehicle or other collateral;
investigating delinquencies; communicating with the customer to obtain timely
payments; repossessing and liquidating the collateral when necessary; collecting
deficiency balances; and generally monitoring each Contract and the related
collateral.

COLLECTION PROCEDURES. The Company believes that its ability to monitor
performance and collect payments owed from Sub-Prime Customers is primarily a
function of its collection approach and support systems. The Company believes
that if payment problems are identified early and the Company's collection staff
works closely with customers to address these problems, it is possible to
correct many of them before they deteriorate further. To this end, the Company
utilizes pro-active collection procedures, which include making early and
frequent contact with delinquent customers; educating customers as to the
importance of maintaining good credit; and employing a consultative and customer
service approach to assist the customer in meeting his or her obligations, which
includes attempting to identify the underlying causes of delinquency and cure
them whenever possible. In support of its collection activities, the Company
maintains a computerized collection system specifically designed to service
automobile installment sale contracts with Sub-Prime Customers and similar
consumer obligations.

                                       6
<PAGE>

With the aid of its high-penetration automatic dialer, as well as manual efforts
made by collection staff, the Company typically attempts to make telephonic
contact with delinquent customers on the sixth day after their monthly payment
due date. Using coded instructions from a collection supervisor, the automatic
dialer will attempt to contact customers based on their physical location, state
of delinquency, size of balance or other parameters. If the automatic dialer
obtains a "no-answer" or a busy signal, it records the attempt on the customer's
record and moves on to the next call. If a live voice answers the automatic
dialer's call, the call is transferred to a waiting collector as the customer's
pertinent information is simultaneously displayed on the collector's
workstation. The collector then inquires of the customer the reason for the
delinquency and when the Company can expect to receive the payment. The
collector will attempt to get the customer to make a promise for the delinquent
payment for a time generally not to exceed one week from the date of the call.
If the customer makes such a promise, the account is routed to a promise queue
and is not contacted until the outcome of the promise is known. If the payment
is made by the promise date and the account is no longer delinquent, the account
is routed out of the collection system. If the payment is not made, or if the
payment is made, but the account remains delinquent, the account is returned to
the queue for subsequent contacts.

If a customer fails to make or keep promises for payments, or if the customer is
uncooperative or attempts to evade contact or hide the vehicle, a supervisor
will review the collection activity relating to the account to determine if
repossession of the vehicle is warranted. Generally, such a decision will occur
between the 45th and 90th day past the customer's payment due date, but could
occur sooner or later, depending on the specific circumstances. At the time the
vehicle is repossessed the Company will stop accruing interest in this Contract,
and reclassify the remaining Contract balance to other assets. In addition the
Company will apply a specific reserve to this Contract so that the net balance
represents the estimated fair value less costs to sell.

If the Company elects to repossess the vehicle, it assigns the task to an
independent local repossession service. Such services are licensed and/or bonded
as required by law. When the vehicle is recovered, the repossessor delivers it
to a wholesale automobile auction, where it is kept until sold. The Uniform
Commercial Code ("UCC") and other state laws regulate repossession sales by
requiring that the secured party provide the customer with reasonable notice of
the date, time and place of any public sale of the collateral, the date after
which any private sale of the collateral may be held and of the customer's right
to redeem the financed vehicle prior to any such sale and by providing that any
such sale be conducted in a commercially reasonable manner. Financed vehicles
that have been repossessed are generally resold by the Company through
unaffiliated automobile auctions, which are attended principally by car dealers.
Net liquidation proceeds are applied to the customer's outstanding obligation
under the Contract. Such proceeds usually are insufficient to pay the customer's
obligation in full, resulting in a deficiency.

Under the UCC and other laws applicable in most states, a creditor is entitled
to obtain a judgment against a customer for such a deficiency. However, some
states impose prohibitions or limitations on deficiency judgments. When
obtained, deficiency judgments are entered against defaulting individuals who
may have little capital or income. Therefore, in many cases, it may not be
useful to seek a deficiency judgment against a customer or, if one is obtained,
it may be settled at a significant discount.

Once a Contract becomes greater than 90 days delinquent, the Company does not
recognize additional interest income until the borrower under the Contract makes
sufficient payments to be less than 90 days delinquent. Any payments received by
a borrower that is greater than 90 days delinquent is first applied to accrued
interest and then to principal reduction.


CREDIT EXPERIENCE

The Company's financial results are dependent on the performance of the
Contracts in which it retains an ownership interest. The tables below document
the delinquency, repossession and net credit loss experience of all Contracts
that the Company was servicing (excluding Contracts from the SeaWest Third Party
Portfolio) as of the respective dates shown. Credit experience for CPS, MFN
(since the date of the MFN Merger), TFC (since the date of the TFC Merger) and
SeaWest (since the date of the SeaWest Asset Acquisition) is shown on both a
combined and individual basis in the tables below.

                                       7
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   DELINQUENCY EXPERIENCE (1)
                                               CPS, MFN, TFC AND SEAWEST COMBINED


                                                           DECEMBER 31, 2005         DECEMBER 31, 2004         DECEMBER 31, 2003
                                                        -----------------------   -----------------------   -----------------------
                                                        NUMBER OF                 NUMBER OF                 NUMBER OF
                                                        CONTRACTS      AMOUNT     CONTRACTS      AMOUNT     CONTRACTS      AMOUNT
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
DELINQUENCY EXPERIENCE                                                            (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                     <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Gross servicing portfolio (1) .......................       95,942   $1,117,085       83,018   $  873,880       84,860   $  773,220
Period of delinquency (2)
31-60 days ..........................................        2,353       24,050        2,106       19,010        2,506       17,982
61-90 days ..........................................        1,076       10,190        1,069        8,051        1,340        8,942
91+ days ............................................        1,056        7,985        1,176        7,758        1,522        9,452
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Total delinquencies (2) .............................        4,485       42,225        4,351       34,819        5,368       36,376
Amount in repossession (3) ..........................        1,337       13,538        1,408       14,090        1,242       11,751
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Total delinquencies and
   amount in repossession (2) .......................        5,822   $   55,763        5,759   $   48,909        6,610   $   48,127
                                                        ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

Delinquencies as a percentage
   of gross servicing portfolio .....................        4.7 %        3.8 %        5.2 %        4.0 %        6.3 %        4.7 %

Total delinquencies and
   amount in repossession as a
   percentage of gross servicing
   portfolio ........................................        6.1 %        5.0 %        6.9 %        5.6 %        7.8 %        6.2 %

EXTENSION EXPERIENCE
Contracts with One Extension (4) ....................       10,602   $   95,413        9,661   $   86,138       10,004   $   76,617
Contracts with Two or More
   Extensions (4) ...................................        4,575       29,428        4,383       23,659        7,347       34,224
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------

Total Contracts with Extensions .....................       15,177   $  124,841       14,044   $  109,797       17,351   $  110,841
                                                        ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========


                                                               CPS

                                                           DECEMBER 31, 2005         DECEMBER 31, 2004         DECEMBER 31, 2003
                                                        -----------------------   -----------------------   -----------------------
                                                        NUMBER OF                 NUMBER OF                 NUMBER OF
                                                        CONTRACTS      AMOUNT     CONTRACTS      AMOUNT     CONTRACTS      AMOUNT
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
DELINQUENCY EXPERIENCE                                                            (Dollars in thousands)
Gross servicing portfolio (1) .......................       83,643   $1,017,273       59,124   $  706,810       47,615   $  543,776
Period of delinquency (2)
31-60 days ..........................................        1,950       21,949        1,302       14,546        1,175       11,766
61-90 days ..........................................          798        8,518          520        5,430          657        5,719
91+ days ............................................          473        4,807          288        3,139          393        3,105
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Total delinquencies (2) .............................        3,221       35,274        2,110       23,115        2,225       20,590
Amount in repossession (3) ..........................        1,148       11,676          891        9,929          725        8,434
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Total delinquencies and
   amount in repossession (2)........................        4,369   $   46,950        3,001   $   33,044        2,950   $   29,024
                                                        ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

Delinquencies as a percentage
   of gross servicing portfolio .....................        3.9 %        3.5 %        3.6 %        3.3 %        4.7 %        3.8 %

Total delinquencies and
   amount in repossession as a
   percentage of gross servicing
   portfolio ........................................        5.2 %        4.6 %        5.1 %        4.7 %        6.2 %        5.3 %

EXTENSION EXPERIENCE
Contracts with One Extension (4).....................        9,120   $   87,784        6,226   $   68,156        4,500   $   52,997
Contracts with Two or More
   Extensions (4) ...................................        3,247       24,797        1,324       12,963        1,354        9,702
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------

Total Contracts with Extensions......................       12,367   $  112,581        7,550   $   81,119        5,854   $   62,699
                                                        ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

                                                               8
<PAGE>

                                                               MFN

                                                           DECEMBER 31, 2005         DECEMBER 31, 2004         DECEMBER 31, 2003
                                                        -----------------------   -----------------------   -----------------------
                                                        NUMBER OF                 NUMBER OF                 NUMBER OF
                                                        CONTRACTS      AMOUNT     CONTRACTS      AMOUNT     CONTRACTS      AMOUNT
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
DELINQUENCY EXPERIENCE                                                            (Dollars in thousands)
Gross servicing portfolio (1) .......................        1,468   $    3,036        6,647   $   18,255       20,282   $   77,717
Period of delinquency (2)
31-60 days ..........................................           98          167          233          457          769        2,128
61-90 days ..........................................           73          108          175          365          327          843
91+ days ............................................           69          112          137          254          227          532
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Total delinquencies (2) .............................          240          387          545        1,076        1,323        3,503
Amount in repossession (3) ..........................           15           45          111          475          369        1,899
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Total delinquencies and
   amount in repossession (2) .......................          255   $      432          656   $    1,551        1,692   $    5,402
                                                        ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

Delinquencies as a percentage
   of gross servicing portfolio .....................       16.3 %       12.7 %        8.2 %        5.9 %        6.5 %        4.5 %

Total delinquencies and
   amount in repossession as a
   percentage of gross servicing
   portfolio ........................................       17.4 %       14.2 %        9.9 %        8.5 %        8.3 %        7.0 %

EXTENSION EXPERIENCE
Contracts with One Extension (4) ....................          281   $      531        1,530   $    4,352        5,197   $   21,560
Contracts with Two or More
   Extensions (4) ...................................          716        1,469        2,609        8,043        5,707       23,050
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------

Total Contracts with Extensions .....................          997   $    2,000        4,139   $   12,395       10,904   $   44,610
                                                        ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========


                                                               TFC

                                                           DECEMBER 31, 2005         DECEMBER 31, 2004         DECEMBER 31, 2003
                                                        -----------------------   -----------------------   -----------------------
                                                        NUMBER OF                 NUMBER OF                 NUMBER OF
                                                        CONTRACTS      AMOUNT     CONTRACTS      AMOUNT     CONTRACTS      AMOUNT
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
DELINQUENCY EXPERIENCE                                                            (Dollars in thousands)
Gross servicing portfolio (1) .......................        7,856   $   81,016       11,278   $  107,635       16,963   $  151,727
Period of delinquency (2)
31-60 days ..........................................          190        1,409          342        2,589          562        4,088
61-90 days ..........................................          140        1,208          226        1,375          356        2,380
91+ days ............................................          336        2,295          409        2,225          902        5,815
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Total delinquencies (2) .............................          666        4,912          977        6,189        1,820       12,283
Amount in repossession (3) ..........................           98        1,191          180        1,977          148        1,418
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Total delinquencies and
   amount in repossession (2) .......................          764   $    6,103        1,157   $    8,166        1,968   $   13,701
                                                        ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

Delinquencies as a percentage
   of gross servicing portfolio .....................        8.5 %        6.1 %        8.7 %        5.8 %       10.7 %        8.1 %

Total delinquencies and
   amount in repossession as a
   percentage of gross servicing
   portfolio ........................................        9.7 %        7.5 %       10.3 %        7.6 %       11.6 %        9.0 %

EXTENSION EXPERIENCE
Contracts with One Extension (4) ....................          424   $    3,272          446   $    3,599          307   $    2,061
Contracts with Two or More
   Extensions (4) ...................................           55          209          114          446          286        1,472
                                                        ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------

Total Contracts with Extensions .....................          479   $    3,481          560   $    4,045          593   $    3,533
                                                        ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========


                                       9
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        SEAWEST ACQUIRED

                                          DECEMBER 31, 2005         DECEMBER 31, 2004
                                       -----------------------   -----------------------
                                       NUMBER OF                 NUMBER OF
                                       CONTRACTS      AMOUNT     CONTRACTS      AMOUNT
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
DELINQUENCY EXPERIENCE                               (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                    <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Gross servicing portfolio (1) ......        2,975   $   15,758        5,969   $   41,181
Period of delinquency (2)
31-60 days .........................          115          525          229        1,418
61-90 days .........................           65          356          148          881
91+ days ...........................          178          771          342        2,140
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Total delinquencies (2) ............          358        1,652          719        4,439
Amount in repossession (3) .........           76          626          226        1,714
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Total delinquencies and
   amount in repossession (2) ......          434   $    2,278          945   $    6,153
                                       ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

Delinquencies as a percentage
   of gross servicing portfolio ....       12.0 %       10.5 %       12.1 %       10.8 %

Total delinquencies and
   amount in repossession as a
   percentage of gross servicing
   portfolio .......................       14.6 %       14.5 %       15.8 %       14.9 %

EXTENSION EXPERIENCE
Contracts with One Extension (4) ...          777   $    3,826        1,459   $   10,031
Contracts with Two or More
   Extensions (4) ..................          557        2,953          336        2,208
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------

Total Contracts with Extensions ....        1,334   $    6,779        1,795   $   12,239
                                       ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>

- ------------------
(1) ALL AMOUNTS AND PERCENTAGES ARE BASED ON THE AMOUNT REMAINING TO BE REPAID
ON EACH CONTRACT, INCLUDING, FOR PRE-COMPUTED CONTRACTS, ANY UNEARNED INTEREST.
THE INFORMATION IN THE TABLE REPRESENTS THE GROSS PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF ALL
CONTRACTS PURCHASED BY THE COMPANY, INCLUDING CONTRACTS SUBSEQUENTLY SOLD BY THE
COMPANY IN SECURITIZATION TRANSACTIONS THAT IT CONTINUES TO SERVICE. THE TABLE
DOES NOT INCLUDE CONTRACTS FROM THE SEAWEST THIRD PARTY PORTFOLIO.
(2) THE COMPANY CONSIDERS A CONTRACT DELINQUENT WHEN AN OBLIGOR FAILS TO MAKE AT
LEAST 90% OF A CONTRACTUALLY DUE PAYMENT BY THE FOLLOWING DUE DATE, WHICH DATE
MAY HAVE BEEN EXTENDED WITHIN LIMITS SPECIFIED IN THE SERVICING AGREEMENTS. THE
PERIOD OF DELINQUENCY IS BASED ON THE NUMBER OF DAYS PAYMENTS ARE CONTRACTUALLY
PAST DUE. CONTRACTS LESS THAN 31 DAYS DELINQUENT ARE NOT INCLUDED.
(3) AMOUNT IN REPOSSESSION REPRESENTS THE CONTRACT BALANCE ON FINANCED VEHICLES
THAT HAVE BEEN REPOSSESSED BUT NOT YET LIQUIDATED. THIS AMOUNT IS NOT NETTED
WITH THE SPECIFIC RESERVE TO ARRIVE AT THE ESTIMATED ASSET VALUE LESS COSTS TO
SELL.
(4) THE AGING CATEGORIES SHOWN IN THE TABLES REFLECT THE IMPACT OF EXTENSIONS.


EXTENSIONS

The Company may offer a customer an extension, under which the customer and the
Company agree to move past due payments to the end of the Contract term. In such
cases the customer must sign an agreement for the extension, and may pay a fee
representing partial payment of accrued interest. The Company's policies, and
its contractual arrangements for its warehouse and securitization transactions,
limit the number of extensions that may be granted. In general, a customer may
arrange for an extension no more than once every 12 months, not to exceed four
extensions over the life of the Contract.

If a customer is granted such an extension, the date next due is advanced and
the Contract is classified as current for delinquency aging purposes. Subsequent
delinquency aging classifications would be based on the future payment
performance of the Contract.

Included in Total Contracts with Extensions in the tables above, as of December
31, 2005, there were 1,449, five, one, and ten Contracts, in the CPS, MFN, TFC
and SeaWest Acquired portfolios respectively, that received extensions as a
result of the impact of the hurricanes that took place during August and
September of 2005.

                                       10
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          NET CHARGE-OFF EXPERIENCE (1)

                                                         YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                 -------------------------------------
                                                    2005         2004           2003
                                                 ---------     ---------     ---------
                                                         (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
        CPS, MFN, TFC and SeaWest Combined
<S>                                              <C>           <C>           <C>
Average servicing portfolio outstanding ......   $ 966,295     $ 796,436     $ 674,523
Net charge-offs as a percentage of average
servicing portfolio (2) ......................       5.3 %         7.8 %         6.8 %


                        CPS
Average servicing portfolio outstanding ......   $ 856,436     $ 623,639     $ 483,647
Net charge-offs as a percentage of average
servicing portfolio (2) ......................       4.9 %         5.7 %         4.7 %


                        MFN
Average servicing portfolio outstanding ......   $   7,376     $  38,569     $ 123,140
Net charge-offs as a percentage of average
servicing portfolio (2) ......................       (54.8)%        (0.5)%      12.6 %


                        TFC
Average servicing portfolio outstanding ......   $  77,745     $ 102,467     $ 133,428
Net charge-offs as a percentage of average
servicing portfolio (2) (3) ..................       8.4 %        11.9 %        11.3 %


             SEAWEST ACQUIRED (4) (5)
Average servicing portfolio outstanding.......   $   2,738     $  54,040
Net charge-offs as a percentage of average
servicing portfolio (2) ......................      26.5 %        37.4 %
</TABLE>

- -------------------------
(1) ALL AMOUNTS AND PERCENTAGES ARE BASED ON THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT SCHEDULED TO
BE PAID ON EACH CONTRACT, NET OF UNEARNED INCOME ON PRE-COMPUTED CONTRACTS. THE
INFORMATION IN THE TABLE REPRESENTS ALL CONTRACTS SERVICED BY THE COMPANY
(EXCLUDING CONTRACTS FROM THE SEAWEST THIRD PARTY PORTFOLIO).
(2) NET CHARGE-OFFS INCLUDE THE REMAINING PRINCIPAL BALANCE, AFTER THE
APPLICATION OF THE NET PROCEEDS FROM THE LIQUIDATION OF THE VEHICLE (EXCLUDING
ACCRUED AND UNPAID INTEREST) AND AMOUNTS COLLECTED SUBSEQUENT TO THE DATE OF
CHARGE-OFF.
(3) TFC CONTRACTS ARE EXPECTED TO CHARGE-OFF AT RATES GREATER THAN CPS. TO
PARTIALLY COMPENSATE FOR THIS HIGHER RISK, TFC CONTRACTS ARE PURCHASED WITH A
HIGHER ACQUISITION FEE THAN CPS CONTRACTS.
(4) CHARGE-OFF AMOUNTS ARE BEFORE CONSIDERATION OF THE ACQUISITION PURCHASE
DISCOUNT.
(5) THE 2004 PERIOD REPRESENTS THE PERIOD MARCH 1, 2004 THROUGH DECEMBER 31,
2004.


SECURITIZATION OF CONTRACTS

The Company purchases Contracts for resale in or to be financed through
securitization transactions. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Liquidity and Capital
Resources" and Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. During
2005, the Company funded such purchases primarily with proceeds from three
short-term revolving warehouse lines of credit. As of December 31, 2005, the
Company had $350 million in warehouse credit capacity, in the form of a $200
million facility and a $150 million facility. The first facility provides


                                       11
<PAGE>

funding for Contracts purchased under the TFC Programs while both warehouse
facilities provide funding for Contracts purchased under the CPS Programs. A
third facility in the amount of $125 million, which the Company utilized to fund
Contracts under the CPS and TFC Programs, was terminated by the company on June
29, 2005. These facilities are independent of each other. With the two currently
existing facilities, two different financial institutions purchase the notes
issued by these facilities. Up to 80% of the principal balance of Contracts may
be advanced to the Company under these facilities, subject to collateral tests
and certain other conditions and covenants. Long-term funding for the purchase
of Contracts is achieved by the Company through term securitization
transactions, in which the liabilities (the asset-backed securities) are repaid
as the underlying Contracts amortize. Proceeds from term securitization
transactions are used primarily to repay the warehouse facilities. The Company
completed five term securitization transactions in each of 2004 and 2005.

In a securitization, the Company is required to make certain representations and
warranties, which are generally similar to the representations and warranties
made by Dealers in connection with the Company's purchase of the Contracts. If
the Company breaches any of its representations or warranties to a purchaser of
the Contracts, the Company will be obligated to repurchase the Contract from
such purchaser at a price equal to the principal balance plus accrued and unpaid
interest. The Company may then be entitled under the terms of its Dealer
Agreement to require the selling Dealer to repurchase the Contract at a price
equal to the Company's purchase price, less any principal payments made by the
customer. Subject to any recourse against Dealers, the Company will bear the
risk of loss on repossession and resale of vehicles under Contracts that it
repurchases.

Upon the sale or financing of a portfolio of Contracts in a securitization
transaction, generally utilizing a trust that is specifically created for such
purpose ("Trust"), the Company retains the obligation to service the Contracts,
and receives a monthly fee for doing so. Among other services performed, the
Company mails to obligors monthly billing statements directing them to mail
payments on the Contracts to a lockbox account. The Company engages an
independent lockbox processing agent to retrieve and process payments received
in the lockbox account. This results in a daily deposit to the Trust's bank
account of the entire amount of each day's lockbox receipts and the simultaneous
electronic data transfer to the Company of customer payment data records.
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreements, as defined below, the Company is required
to deliver monthly reports to the Trust reflecting all transaction activity with
respect to the Contracts. The reports contain, among other information, a
reconciliation of the change in the aggregate principal balance of the Contracts
in the portfolio to the amounts deposited into the Trust's bank account as
reflected in the daily reports of the lockbox processing agent.

In its securitization transactions, the Company generally warrants that, to the
best of the Company's knowledge, no such liens or claims are pending or
threatened with respect to a financed vehicle that may be or become prior to or
equal with the lien of the related Contracts. In the event that any of the
Company's representations or warranties proves to be incorrect, the Trust would
be entitled to require the Company to repurchase the Contract relating to such
financed vehicle.


THE SERVICING AGREEMENTS

The Company currently services all Contracts that it owns, as well as those
Contracts included in portfolios that it has sold to securitization Trusts.
Pursuant to the Company's usual form of servicing agreement (the Company's
servicing agreements with purchasers of portfolios of Contracts are collectively
referred to as the "Servicing Agreements"), CPS is obligated to service all
Contracts sold to the Trusts in accordance with the Company's standard
procedures. The Servicing Agreements generally provide that the Company will
bear all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the management,
administration and collection of the Contracts serviced.

The Company is entitled under most of the Servicing Agreements to receive a base
monthly servicing fee between 2.5% and 3.5% per annum computed as a percentage
of the declining outstanding principal balance of the non-charged-off Contracts
in the pool. Each month, after payment of the Company's base monthly servicing
fee and certain other fees, the Trust receives the paid principal reduction of
the Contracts in its pool and interest thereon at the fixed rate that was agreed


                                       12
<PAGE>

when the Contracts were sold to the Trust. If, in any month, collections on the
Contracts are insufficient to pay such amounts and any principal reduction due
to charge-offs, the shortfall is satisfied from the Spread Account established
in connection with the sale of the pool. The "Spread Account" is an account
established at the time the Company sells a pool of Contracts, to provide
security to the Note Insurers, as defined below. If collections on the Contracts
exceed such amounts, the excess is utilized, first, to build up or replenish the
Spread Account or other credit enhancement to the extent required, second, in
certain cases to cover deficiencies in Spread Accounts for other pools, and the
balance, if any, constitutes excess cash flows, which are distributed to the
Company.

Pursuant to the Servicing Agreements, the Company is generally required to
charge off the balance of any Contract by the earlier of the end of the month in
which the Contract becomes five scheduled installments past due or, in the case
of repossessions, the month that the proceeds from the liquidation of the
financed vehicle are received by the Company or if the vehicle has been in
repossession inventory for more than 90 days. In the case of repossession, the
amount of the charge-off is the difference between the outstanding principal
balance of the defaulted Contract and the net repossession sale proceeds. In the
event collections on the Contracts are not sufficient to pay to the holders of
interests in the Trust ("Noteholders") the entire principal balance of Contracts
charged off during the month, the trustee draws on the related Spread Account to
pay the Noteholders. The amount drawn would then have to be restored to the
Spread Account from future collections on the Contracts remaining in the pool
before the Company would again be entitled to receive excess cash. In addition,
the Company would not be entitled to receive any further monthly servicing fees
with respect to the charged-off Contracts. Subject to any recourse against the
Company in the event of a breach of the Company's representations and warranties
with respect to any Contracts and after any recourse to any Note Insurer
guarantees backing the Notes, as defined below, the Noteholders bear the risk of
all charge-offs on the Contracts in excess of the Spread Account. The
Noteholders'rights with respect to distributions from the Trusts are senior to
the Company's rights. Accordingly, variation in performance of pools of
Contracts affects the Company's ultimate realization of value derived from such
Contracts.

The Servicing Agreements are terminable by the insurers of certain of the
Trust's payment obligations ("Note Insurers") in the event of certain defaults
by the Company and under certain other circumstances. Were a Note Insurer in the
future to exercise its option to terminate the Servicing Agreements, such a
termination would have a material adverse effect on the Company's liquidity and
results of operations. The Company continues to receive Servicer extensions on a
monthly and/or quarterly basis, pursuant to the Servicing Agreements.


COMPETITION

The automobile financing business is highly competitive. The Company competes
with a number of national, regional and local finance companies with operations
similar to those of the Company. In addition, competitors or potential
competitors include other types of financial services companies, such as
commercial banks, savings and loan associations, leasing companies, credit
unions providing retail loan financing and lease financing for new and used
vehicles, and captive finance companies affiliated with major automobile
manufacturers such as General Motors Acceptance Corporation, Ford Motor Credit
Corporation, Chrysler Finance Corporation and Nissan Motors Acceptance
Corporation. Many of the Company's competitors and potential competitors possess
substantially greater financial, marketing, technical, personnel and other
resources than the Company. Moreover, the Company's future profitability will be
directly related to the availability and cost of its capital in relation to the
availability and cost of capital to its competitors. The Company's competitors
and potential competitors include far larger, more established companies that
have access to capital markets for unsecured commercial paper and investment
grade-rated debt instruments and to other funding sources that may be
unavailable to the Company. Many of these companies also have long-standing
relationships with Dealers and may provide other financing to Dealers, including
floor plan financing for the Dealers' purchase of automobiles from
manufacturers, which is not offered by the Company.

The Company believes that the principal competitive factors affecting a Dealer's
decision to offer Contracts for sale to a particular financing source are the
purchase price offered for the Contracts, the reasonableness of the financing
source's underwriting guidelines and documentation requests, the predictability
and timeliness of purchases and the financial stability of the funding source.
The Company believes that it can obtain from Dealers sufficient Contracts for
purchase at attractive prices by consistently applying reasonable underwriting
criteria and making timely purchases of qualifying Contracts.

                                       13
<PAGE>


GOVERNMENT REGULATION

Several federal and state consumer protection laws, including the federal
Truth-In-Lending Act, the federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the federal Fair
Debt Collection Practices Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act, regulate the
extension of credit in consumer credit transactions. These laws mandate certain
disclosures with respect to finance charges on Contracts and impose certain
other restrictions on Dealers. In many states, a license is required to engage
in the business of purchasing Contracts from Dealers. In addition, laws in a
number of states impose limitations on the amount of finance charges that may be
charged by Dealers on credit sales. The so-called Lemon Laws enacted by various
states provide certain rights to purchasers with respect to motor vehicles that
fail to satisfy express warranties. The application of Lemon Laws or violation
of such other federal and state laws may give rise to a claim or defense of a
customer against a Dealer and its assignees, including the Company and
purchasers of Contracts from the Company. The Dealer Agreement contains
representations by the Dealer that, as of the date of assignment of Contracts,
no such claims or defenses have been asserted or threatened with respect to the
Contracts and that all requirements of such federal and state laws have been
complied with in all material respects. Although a Dealer would be obligated to
repurchase Contracts that involve a breach of such warranty, there can be no
assurance that the Dealer will have the financial resources to satisfy its
repurchase obligations to the Company. Certain of these laws also regulate the
Company's servicing activities, including its methods of collection.

Although the Company believes that it is currently in material compliance with
applicable statutes and regulations, there can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to maintain such compliance. The past or future failure to comply
with such statutes and regulations could have a material adverse effect upon the
Company. Furthermore, the adoption of additional statutes and regulations,
changes in the interpretation and enforcement of current statutes and
regulations or the expansion of the Company's business into jurisdictions that
have adopted more stringent regulatory requirements than those in which the
Company currently conducts business could have a material adverse effect upon
the Company. In addition, due to the consumer-oriented nature of the industry in
which the Company operates and the application of certain laws and regulations,
industry participants are regularly named as defendants in litigation involving
alleged violations of federal and state laws and regulations and consumer law
torts, including fraud. Many of these actions involve alleged violations of
consumer protection laws. A significant judgment against the Company or within
the industry in connection with any such litigation could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or
liquidity. See "Legal Proceedings."


EMPLOYEES

As of December 31, 2005, the Company had 742 full-time and 7 part-time
employees. The breakdown of the employees is as follows: 6 are senior management
personnel, 396 are collections personnel, 153 are Contract origination
personnel, 99 are marketing personnel (84 of whom are marketing
representatives), 68 are operations and systems personnel, and 27 are
administrative personnel. The Company believes that its relations with its
employees are good. The Company is not a party to any collective bargaining
agreement.


ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS


WE REQUIRE A SUBSTANTIAL AMOUNT OF CASH TO SERVICE OUR DEBT

         To service our existing indebtedness, we require a significant amount
of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors, including our
successful financial and operating performance. We cannot assure you that our
business strategy will succeed or that we will achieve our anticipated financial
results. Our financial and operational performance depends upon a number of
factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, without
limitation:

                                       14
<PAGE>

         o    the current economic and competitive conditions in the
              asset-backed securities market;
         o    the current credit quality of our motor vehicle contracts;
         o    the performance of our residual interests;
         o    any operating difficulties or pricing pressures we may experience;
         o    our ability to obtain credit enhancement;
         o    our ability to establish and maintain dealer relationships;
         o    the passage of laws or regulations that affect us adversely;
         o    any delays in implementing any strategic projects we may have;
         o    our ability to compete with our competitors; and
         o    our ability to acquire motor vehicle contracts

         Depending upon the outcome of one or more of these factors, we may not
be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or to obtain sufficient
funding to satisfy all of our obligations. If we were unable to pay our debts,
we would be required to pursue one or more alternative strategies, such as
selling assets, refinancing or restructuring our indebtedness or selling
additional equity capital. These alternative strategies might not be feasible at
the time, might prove inadequate or could require the prior consent of our
senior secured and unsecured lenders.


WE NEED SUBSTANTIAL LIQUIDITY TO OPERATE OUR BUSINESS

         We have historically funded our operations principally through
internally generated cash flows, sales of debt and equity securities, including
through securitizations and warehouse credit facilities, borrowings from a
private equity fund and sales of subordinated notes. However, we may not be able
to obtain sufficient funding for our operations through either or a combination
of (1) future access to the capital markets for equity or debt issuances,
including securitizations or (2) future borrowings or other financings on
acceptable terms to us.

         If we were unable to access the capital markets or obtain acceptable
financing, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows would
be materially and adversely affected. We require a substantial amount of cash
liquidity to operate our business. Among other things, we use such cash
liquidity to:

         o    acquire motor vehicle contracts;
         o    fund overcollateralization in warehouse facilities and
              securitizations;
         o    pay securitization fees and expenses;
         o    fund spread accounts in connection with securitizations;
         o    satisfy working capital requirements and pay operating expenses;
              and
         o    pay interest expense.

         Prior to the third quarter of 2003, when we securitized our motor
vehicle contracts, we reported a gain on the sale of those contracts. This gain
represented a substantial portion of our revenues prior to the third quarter of
2003. However, although we reported this gain at the time of sale, we received
the monthly cash payments on those contracts (representing revenue previously
recognized) over the life of the motor vehicle contracts, rather than at the
time of sale. As a result, a substantial portion of our reported revenues prior
to the third quarter of 2003 did not represent immediate cash liquidity.


OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WILL DEPEND ON OUR ABILITY TO SECURE AND MAINTAIN
CREDIT AND WAREHOUSE FINANCING ON FAVORABLE TERMS.

         We depend on credit and warehouse facilities to finance our purchases
of motor vehicle contracts. Our business strategy requires that these credit and
warehouse financing sources continue to be available to us from the time of
purchase or origination of a motor vehicle contract until its sale through a
securitization.

                                       15
<PAGE>

         Our primary source of day-to-day liquidity is our warehouse lines of
credit, in which we sell or pledge motor vehicle contracts, as often as twice a
week, to special-purpose affiliated entities where they are "warehoused" until
they are securitized. We depend substantially on two warehouse lines of credit:
(i) a $150 million warehouse line of credit, which we opened in November 2005
and, unless earlier terminated upon the occurrence of certain events, will
expire in November 2006 and (ii) a $200 million warehouse line of credit, which
was executed in June 2004 and, unless earlier terminated upon the occurrence of
certain events, will expire in June 2007. Both lines are renewable with the
mutual agreement of the parties. These warehouse facilities will remain
available to us only if, among other things, we comply with certain financial
covenants contained in the documents governing these facilities. These warehouse
facilities may not be available to us in the future and we may not be able to
obtain other credit facilities on favorable terms to fund our operations.

         If we were unable to arrange new warehousing or credit facilities or
extend our existing warehouse or credit facilities when they come due, our
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially
and adversely affected.


OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WILL DEPEND ON OUR ABILITY TO SECURITIZE OUR PORTFOLIO
OF MOTOR VEHICLE CONTRACTS.

          We are dependent upon our ability to continue to finance pools of
motor vehicle contracts in term securitizations in order to generate cash
proceeds for new purchases of motor vehicle contracts. We have historically
depended on securitizations of motor vehicle contracts to provide permanent
financing of those contracts. By "permanent financing" we mean financing that
extends to cover the full term of the contracts. By contrast, our warehouse
credit facilities permit us to borrow against the value of such receivables only
for limited times. There can be no assurance that any securitization transaction
will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. The timing of any
securitization transaction is affected by a number of factors beyond our
control, any of which could cause substantial delays, including, without
limitation,

         o    market conditions;
         o    the approval by all parties of the terms of the securitization;
         o    the availability of credit enhancement on acceptable terms; and
         o    our ability to acquire a sufficient number of motor vehicle
              contracts for securitization

         Adverse changes in the market for securitized contract pools may result
in our inability to securitize contracts and may result in a substantial
extension of the period during which our contracts are financed through our
warehouse facilities, which would burden our financing capabilities, could
require us to curtail our purchase of contracts, and could have a material
adverse effect on us.


OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WILL DEPEND ON CASH FLOWS FROM OUR RESIDUAL INTERESTS
IN OUR SECURITIZATION PROGRAM AND OUR WAREHOUSE CREDIT FACILITIES.

         When we sell or pledge our motor vehicle contracts in securitizations
and warehouse credit facilities, we receive cash and a residual interest in the
securitized assets. This residual interest represents the right to receive the
future cash flows to be generated by the motor vehicle contracts in excess of
(i) the interest and principal paid to investors on the indebtedness issued in
connection with the financing (ii) the costs of servicing the contracts and
(iii) certain other costs incurred in connection with completing and maintaining
the securitization or warehousing. We sometimes refer to these future cash flows
as "excess spread cash flows."

         Under the financial structures we have used to date in our
securitizations and warehouse credit facilities, excess spread cash flows that
would otherwise be paid to the holder of the residual interest are used to
increase overcollateralization or are retained in a spread account within the
securitization trusts or the warehouse facility to provide liquidity and credit
enhancement for the related securities.

                                       16
<PAGE>

         While the specific terms and mechanics of each spread account vary
among transactions, our securitization and warehousing agreements generally
provide that we will receive excess spread cash flows only if the amount of
overcollateralization and spread account balances have reached specified levels
and/or the delinquency, defaults or net losses related to the contracts in the
motor vehicle contract pools are below certain predetermined levels. In the
event delinquencies, defaults or net losses on contracts exceed these levels,
the terms of the securitization or warehouse facility:

         o    may require increased credit enhancement, including an increase in
              the amount required to be on deposit in the spread account, to be
              accumulated for the particular pool;
         o    may restrict the distribution to us of excess spread cash flows
              associated with other securitized or warehoused pools; and
         o    in certain circumstances, may permit affected parties to require
              the transfer of servicing on some or all of the securitized or
              warehoused contracts to another servicer.

         We typically retain or sell residual interests or use them as
collateral to borrow cash. In any case, the future excess spread cash flow
received in respect of the residual interests are integral to the financing of
our operations. The amount of cash received from residual interests depends in
large part on how well our portfolio of securitized and warehoused motor vehicle
contracts performs. If our portfolio of warehoused and securitized motor vehicle
contracts has higher delinquency and loss ratios than expected, then the amount
of money realized from our retained residual interests, or the amount of money
we could obtain from the sale or other financing of our residual interests,
would be reduced, which could have an adverse effect on our operations,
financial condition and cash flows.


IF WE ARE UNABLE TO OBTAIN CREDIT ENHANCEMENT FOR OUR SECURITIZATION PROGRAM OR
OUR WAREHOUSE CREDIT FACILITIES UPON FAVORABLE TERMS, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         In our securitizations, we typically utilize credit enhancement in the
form of one or more financial guaranty insurance policies issued by financial
guaranty insurance companies. Each of these policies unconditionally and
irrevocably guarantees certain interest and principal payments on the securities
issued in our securitizations. These guarantees enable these securities to
achieve the highest credit rating available. This form of credit enhancement
reduces the costs of our securitizations relative to alternative forms of credit
enhancements currently available to us. None of such financial guaranty
insurance companies is required to insure future securitizations. As we pursue
future securitizations, we may not be able to obtain:

         o    credit enhancement in any form from financial guaranty insurance
              companies or any other provider of credit enhancement on
              acceptable terms; or
         o    similar ratings for future securitizations.


IF OUR PORTFOLIO OF MOTOR VEHICLE CONTRACTS EXPERIENCES HIGHER LEVELS OF
DEFAULTS, DELINQUENCIES OR LOSSES THAN WE ANTICIPATE, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         We specialize in the purchase, sale and servicing of contracts to
finance automobile purchases by customers with impaired or limited credit
histories or "sub-prime" customers, which entail a higher risk of
non-performance, higher delinquencies and higher losses than contracts with more
creditworthy customers. While we believe that the underwriting criteria and
collection methods we employ enable us to control the higher risks inherent in
contracts with sub-prime customers, no assurance can be given that such criteria
and methods will afford adequate protection against such risks. We have in the
past experienced fluctuations in the delinquency and charge-off performance of
our contracts. In the event that portfolios of contracts securitized and
serviced by us experience greater defaults, higher delinquencies or higher net
losses than anticipated, our income could be negatively affected. A larger
number of defaults than anticipated could also result in adverse changes in the
structure of future securitization transactions, such as a requirement of
increased cash collateral or other credit enhancement in such transactions.

                                       17
<PAGE>

IF THE ECONOMY OF ALL OR CERTAIN REGIONS OF THE UNITED STATES SLOWS OR ENTERS
INTO A RECESSION, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         Our business is directly related to sales of new and used automobiles,
which are sensitive to employment rates, prevailing interest rates and other
domestic economic conditions. Delinquencies, repossessions and losses generally
increase during economic slowdowns or recessions. Because of our focus on
"sub-prime" customers, the actual rates of delinquencies, repossessions and
losses on our motor vehicle contracts could be higher under adverse economic
conditions than those experienced in the automobile finance industry in general,
particularly in the states of Texas, California, Ohio, Florida and Pennsylvania,
states in which our motor vehicle contracts are geographically concentrated. Any
sustained period of economic slowdown or recession could adversely affect our
ability to sell or securitize pools of contracts. The timing of any economic
changes is uncertain, and weakness in the economy could have an adverse effect
on our business and that of the dealers from which we purchase contracts and
result in reductions in our revenues or the cash flows available to us.


IF AN INCREASE IN INTEREST RATES RESULTS IN A DECREASE IN OUR CASH FLOW FROM
EXCESS SPREAD, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         Our profitability is largely determined by the difference, or "spread,"
between the effective interest rate received by us on the motor vehicle
contracts that we acquire and the interest rates payable under our warehouse
credit facilities during the warehousing period and on the securities issued in
our securitizations.

         Several factors affect our ability to manage interest rate risk.
Specifically, we are subject to interest rate risk during the period between
when motor vehicle contracts are purchased from dealers and when such contracts
are sold and financed in a securitization. Interest rates on our warehouse
credit facilities are adjustable while the interest rates on the contracts are
fixed. Therefore, if interest rates increase, the interest we must pay to the
lenders under our warehouse credit facilities is likely to increase while the
interest realized by us under those warehoused contracts remains the same, and
thus, during the warehousing period, the excess spread cash flow received by us
would likely decrease. Additionally, contracts warehoused and then securitized
during a rising interest rate environment may result in less excess spread cash
flow realized by us under those securitizations as, historically, our
securitization facilities pay interest to securityholders on a fixed rate basis
set at prevailing interest rates at the time of the closing of the
securitization, which may be several months after the contracts securitized were
originated and entered the warehouse, while our customers pay fixed rates of
interest on the contracts. A decrease in excess spread cash flow could adversely
affect our earnings and cash flow.

         To mitigate, but not eliminate, the short-term risk relating to
interest rates payable by us under the warehouse facilities, we generally hold
motor vehicle contracts in the warehouse facilities for less than four months.
To mitigate, but not eliminate, the long-term risk relating to interest rates
payable by us in securitizations, we have in the past, and intend to continue
to, structure some of our securitization transactions to include pre-funding
structures, whereby the amount of securities issued exceeds the amount of
contracts initially sold into the securitization. In pre-funding, the proceeds
from the pre-funded portion are held in an escrow account until we sell the
additional contracts into the securitization in amounts up to the balance of the
pre-funded escrow account. In pre-funded securitizations, we effectively lock in
our borrowing costs with respect to the contracts we subsequently sell into the
securitization. However, we incur an expense in pre-funded securitizations equal
to the difference between the money market yields earned on the proceeds held in
escrow prior to subsequent delivery of contracts and the interest rate paid on
the securities outstanding, the amount as to which there can be no assurance.
Despite these mitigation strategies, an increase in prevailing interest rates
would cause us to receive less excess spread cash flows on motor vehicle
contracts, and thus could adversely affect our earnings and cash flows.

                                       18
<PAGE>

IF WE ARE UNABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY COMPETE WITH OUR COMPETITORS, OUR RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         The automobile financing business is highly competitive. We compete
with a number of national, local and regional finance companies. In addition,
competitors or potential competitors include other types of financial services
companies, such as commercial banks, savings and loan associations, leasing
companies, credit unions providing retail loan financing and lease financing for
new and used vehicles and captive finance companies affiliated with major
automobile manufacturers such as General Motors Acceptance Corporation and Ford
Motor Credit Corporation. Many of our competitors and potential competitors
possess substantially greater financial, marketing, technical, personnel and
other resources than we do, including greater access to capital markets for
unsecured commercial paper and investment grade rated debt instruments, and to
other funding sources which may be unavailable to us. Moreover, our future
profitability will be directly related to the availability and cost of our
capital relative to that of our competitors. Many of these companies also have
long-standing relationships with automobile dealers and may provide other
financing to dealers, including floor plan financing for the dealers' purchases
of automobiles from manufacturers, which we do not offer. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to continue to compete successfully and, as a
result, we may not be able to purchase contracts from dealers at a price
acceptable to us, which could result in reductions in our revenues or the cash
flows available to us.


IF OUR DEALERS DO NOT SUBMIT A SUFFICIENT NUMBER OF SUITABLE MOTOR VEHICLE
CONTRACTS TO US FOR PURCHASE, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         We are dependent upon establishing and maintaining relationships with a
large number of unaffiliated automobile dealers to supply us with motor vehicle
contracts. During the year ended December 31, 2005, no dealer accounted for more
than 1.0% of the contracts we purchased. The agreements we have with dealers to
purchase contracts do not require dealers to submit a minimum number of
contracts for purchase. The failure of dealers to submit contracts that meet our
underwriting criteria could result in reductions in our revenues or the cash
flows available to us, and, therefore, could have an adverse effect on our
results of operations.


IF A SIGNIFICANT NUMBER OF OUR MOTOR VEHICLE CONTRACTS PREPAY OR EXPERIENCE
DEFAULTS, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         If motor vehicle contracts that we purchase or service are prepaid or
experience defaults, this could materially and adversely affect our results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our results of operations,
financial condition, cash flows and liquidity, depend, to a material extent, on
the performance of motor vehicle contracts that we purchase, warehouse and
securitize. A portion of the motor vehicle contracts acquired by us will default
or prepay. In the event of payment default, the collateral value of the motor
vehicle securing a motor vehicle contract will most likely not cover the
outstanding principal balance on that contract and the related costs of
recovery. We maintain an allowance for credit losses on motor vehicle contracts
held on our balance sheet, which reflects our estimates of probable credit
losses which can be reasonably estimated for on-balance sheet securitizations
and warehoused contracts. If the allowance is inadequate, then we would
recognize the losses in excess of the allowance as an expense and our results of
operations could be adversely affected. In addition, under the terms of our
warehouse facilities, we are not able to borrow against defaulted motor vehicle
contracts.

         Our servicing income can also be adversely affected by prepayment of,
or defaults under, motor vehicle contracts in our servicing portfolio. Our
contractual servicing revenue is based on a percentage of the outstanding
principal balance of the motor vehicle contracts in our servicing portfolio. If
motor vehicle contracts are prepaid or charged off, then our servicing revenue
will decline while our servicing costs may not decline proportionately.

         The value of our residual interest in the securitized assets in each
off-balance sheet securitization reflects our estimate of expected future credit
losses and prepayments for the motor vehicle contracts included in that
securitization. If actual rates of credit loss or prepayments, or both, on such
motor vehicle contracts exceed our estimates, the value of our residual interest


                                       19
<PAGE>

and the related cash flow would be impaired. We periodically review our credit
loss and prepayment assumptions relative to the performance of the securitized
motor vehicle contracts and to market conditions. Our results of operations and
liquidity could be adversely affected if actual credit loss or prepayment levels
on securitized motor vehicle contracts substantially exceed anticipated levels.
Under certain circumstances, we could be required to record an impairment charge
through a reduction to interest income.


THE EFFECTS OF TERRORISM AND MILITARY ACTION MAY IMPAIR OUR RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS.

         The long-term economic impact of the events of September 11, 2001,
possible future attacks or other incidents and related military action, or
current or future military action by United States forces in Iraq and other
regions, could have a material adverse effect on general economic conditions,
consumer confidence, and market liquidity. No assurance can be given as to the
effect of these events on the performance of the motor vehicle contracts. Any
adverse impact resulting from these events could materially affect our results
of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, activation of a
substantial number of U.S. military reservists or members of the National Guard
may significantly increase the proportion of contracts whose interest rates are
reduced by the application of the Servicemembers' Civil Relief Act, which
provides, generally, that an obligor who is covered by the relief act may not be
charged interest on the related contract in excess of 6% annually during the
period of the obligor's active duty.


IF WE LOSE SERVICING RIGHTS ON OUR PORTFOLIO OF MOTOR VEHICLE CONTRACTS, OUR
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WILL BE IMPAIRED.

         The loss of our servicing rights could materially and adversely affect
our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows, would be materially and
adversely affected if any of the following were to occur:

         o    the loss of our servicing rights under the sale and servicing
              agreements for our warehouse facilities;
         o    the loss of our servicing rights under the applicable sale and
              servicing agreement relating to motor vehicle contracts which we
              have sold in our securitizations or service on behalf of third
              parties, including servicing rights acquired from Seawest; or
         o    the occurrence of certain trigger events under our insurance
              agreements with financial guaranty insurance companies or with any
              other credit enhancer in each of our securitizations that would
              block the release of excess spread cash flows or cash releases
              from the spread accounts in those securitizations.

         We are entitled to receive servicing fees only while we act as servicer
under the applicable sale and servicing agreement for motor vehicle contracts
entered into in connection with our warehouse facilities and securitizations and
the agreements under which we service motor vehicle contracts in connection with
the Seawest securitizations. Under our warehouse facilities and securitizations
and the Seawest securitizations, we may be terminated as servicer upon the
occurrence of certain events, including:

         o    our failure generally to observe and perform covenants and
              agreements applicable to us;
         o    certain bankruptcy events involving us; or
         o    the occurrence of certain events of default under the documents
              governing the facilities.


IF WE LOSE KEY PERSONNEL, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED

         Our future operating results depend in significant part upon the
continued service of our key senior management personnel, none of whom is bound
by an employment agreement. Our future operating results also depend in part
upon our ability to attract and retain qualified management, technical, sales
and support personnel for our operations. Competition for such personnel is


                                       20
<PAGE>

intense. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting or
retaining such personnel. The loss of any key employee, the failure of any key
employee to perform in his or her current position or our inability to attract
and retain skilled employees, as needed, could materially and adversely affect
our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.


IF WE FAIL TO COMPLY WITH REGULATIONS, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE
IMPAIRED.

         Failure to materially comply with all laws and regulations applicable
to us could materially and adversely affect our ability to operate our business.
Our business is subject to numerous federal and state consumer protection laws
and regulations, which, among other things:

         o    require us to obtain and maintain certain licenses and
              qualifications;
         o    limit the interest rates, fees and other charges we are allowed to
              charge;
         o    limit or prescribe certain other terms of our motor vehicle
              contracts;
         o    require specific disclosures;
         o    define our rights to repossess and sell collateral; and
         o    maintain safeguards designed to protect the security and
              confidentiality of customer information.

         We believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with all
such laws and regulations, and that such laws and regulations have had no
material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business. However, we may
be materially and adversely affected if we fail to comply with:

         o    applicable laws and regulations;
         o    changes in existing laws or regulations;
         o    changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations; or
         o    any additional laws or regulations that may be enacted in the
              future.


IF WE EXPERIENCE UNFAVORABLE LITIGATION RESULTS, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY
BE IMPAIRED.

         Unfavorable outcomes in any of our current or future litigation
proceedings could materially and adversely affect our results of operations,
financial conditions and cash flows. As a consumer finance company, we are
subject to various consumer claims and litigation seeking damages and statutory
penalties based upon, among other things, disclosure inaccuracies and wrongful
repossession, which could take the form of a plaintiff's class action complaint.
We, as the assignee of finance contracts originated by dealers, may also be
named as a co-defendant in lawsuits filed by consumers principally against
dealers. We are also subject to other litigation common to the motor vehicle
industry and businesses in general. The damages and penalties claimed by
consumers and others in these types of matters can be substantial. The relief
requested by the plaintiffs varies but includes requests for compensatory,
statutory and punitive damages.

         While we intend to vigorously defend ourselves against such
proceedings, there is a chance that our results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by
unfavorable outcomes.


IF WE EXPERIENCE PROBLEMS WITH OUR ACCOUNTING AND COLLECTION SYSTEMS, OUR
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         Problems with our in-house receivables accounting and collection
systems could materially and adversely affect our collections and cash flows.
Any significant failures or defects with our accounting and collection systems
could adversely affect our results of operations, financial conditions and cash
flows.

                                       21
<PAGE>

WE HAVE SUBSTANTIAL INDEBTEDNESS

         We have and will continue to have a substantial amount of indebtedness.
At December 31, 2005, we had approximately $1.06 billion of debt outstanding.

         Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial
condition by, among other things:

         o    increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and
              industry conditions;
         o    requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow
              from operations payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing
              amounts available for working capital, capital expenditures and
              other general corporate purposes;
         o    limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes
              in our business and the industry in which we operate;
         o    placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our
              competitors that have less debt; and
         o    limiting our ability to borrow additional funds.

         Although we believe we will generate sufficient free cash flow to
service such debt, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so. If we do
not generate sufficient operating profits, our ability to make required payments
on our debt may be impaired.


BECAUSE WE ARE SUBJECT TO MANY RESTRICTIONS IN OUR EXISTING CREDIT FACILITIES,
OUR ABILITY TO PAY DIVIDENDS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         The terms of our existing credit facilities and our outstanding debt
impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our
subsidiaries and require us to meet certain financial tests. These restrictions
may have an adverse impact on our business activities, results of operations and
financial condition. These restrictions may also significantly limit or prohibit
us from engaging in certain transactions, including the following:

         o    incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness;
         o    making capital expenditures in excess of agreed upon amounts;
         o    paying dividends or other distributions to our stockholders or
              redeeming, repurchasing or retiring our capital stock or
              subordinated obligations;
         o    making investments;
         o    creating or permitting liens on our assets or the assets of our
              subsidiaries;
         o    issuing or selling capital stock of our subsidiaries;
         o    transferring or selling our assets;
         o    engaging in mergers or consolidations;
         o    permitting a change of control of our company;
         o    liquidating, winding up or dissolving our company;
         o    changing our name or the nature of our business, or the names or
              nature of the business of our subsidiaries; and
         o    engaging in transactions with our affiliates outside the normal
              course of business.

         These restrictions may limit our ability to obtain additional sources
of capital, which may limit our ability to generate earnings. In addition, the
failure to comply with any of the covenants of our existing credit facilities or
to maintain certain indebtedness ratios would cause a default under one or more
of our credit facilities or our other debt agreements that may be outstanding
from time to time. A default, if not waived, could result in acceleration of the
related indebtedness, in which case such debt would become immediately due and
payable. A continuing default or acceleration of one or more of our credit
facilities or any other debt agreement, will likely cause a default and other
debt agreements that otherwise would not be in default, in which case all such
related indebtedness could be accelerated. If this occurs, we may not be able to
repay our debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance our indebtedness. Even if
any new financing is available, it may not be on terms that are acceptable to us
or it may not be sufficient to refinance all of our indebtedness as it becomes
due.

                                       22
<PAGE>

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         This report contains certain statements of a forward-looking nature
relating to future events or our future performance. These forward-looking
statements are based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and
projections about us and our industry. When used in this prospectus, the words
"expects," "believes," "anticipates," "estimates," "intends" and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These
statements include, but are not limited to, statements of our plans, strategies
and prospects.

         These forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject
to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ
materially from those projected. The cautionary statements made in this report
should be read as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements
wherever they appear in this report. We assume no obligation to update these
forward-looking statements publicly for any reason. Actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.

         The risk factors discussed above could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements.


ITEM  1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.

Not Applicable


ITEM 2. PROPERTY

The Company's headquarters are located in Irvine, California, where it leases
approximately 115,000 square feet of general office space from an unaffiliated
lessor. The annual base rent was approximately $1.9 million through October
2003, and increased to $2.1 million for the following five years. In addition to
base rent, the Company pays the property taxes, maintenance and other expenses
of the premises.

In March 1997, the Company established a branch collection facility in
Chesapeake, Virginia. The Company leases approximately 28,000 square feet of
general office space in Chesapeake, Virginia, at a base rent that is currently
$474,537 per year, increasing to $501,542 over a 10-year term.

The remaining three regional servicing centers occupy a total of approximately
51,000 square feet of leased space in Maitland, Florida; Marietta, Georgia and
Hinsdale, Illinois. The termination dates of such leases range from 2007 to
2010.


ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

STANWICH LITIGATION. CPS was for some time a defendant in a class action (the
"Stanwich Case") brought in the California Superior Court, Los Angeles County.
The original plaintiffs in that case were persons entitled to receive regular
payments (the "Settlement Payments") under out-of-court settlements reached with
third party defendants. Stanwich Financial Services Corp. ("Stanwich"), an
affiliate of the former chairman of the board of Directors of CPS, is the entity
that was obligated to pay the Settlement Payments. Stanwich has defaulted on its
payment obligations to the plaintiffs and in June 2001 filed for reorganization
under the Bankruptcy Code, in the federal Bankruptcy Court of Connecticut. At
December 31, 2004, CPS was a defendant only in a cross-claim brought by one of
the other defendants in the case, Bankers Trust Company, which asserted a claim
of contractual indemnity against CPS.

                                       23
<PAGE>

CPS subsequently settled the cross-claim of Bankers Trust by payment of $3.24
million, in February 2005. Pursuant to that settlement, the court has dismissed
the cross-claim, with prejudice. The amount paid by the Company was accrued for
and included in Accounts payable and accrued expenses in the Company's balance
sheet as of December 31, 2004.

In November 2001, one of the defendants in the Stanwich Case, Jonathan Pardee,
asserted claims for indemnity against the Company in a separate action, which is
now pending in federal district court in Rhode Island. The Company has filed
counterclaims in the Rhode Island federal court against Mr. Pardee, and has
filed a separate action against Mr. Pardee's Rhode Island attorneys, in the same
court. The litigation between Mr. Pardee and CPS is stayed, awaiting resolution
of an adversary action brought against Mr. Pardee in the bankruptcy court, which
is hearing the bankruptcy of Stanwich.

The reader should consider that an adverse judgment against CPS in the Rhode
Island case for indemnification, if in an amount materially in excess of any
liability already recorded in respect thereof, could have a material adverse
effect.

OTHER LITIGATION. On June 2, 2004, Delmar Coleman filed a lawsuit in the circuit
court of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, alleging that plaintiff Coleman was harmed by an
alleged failure to refer, in the notice given after repossession of his vehicle,
to the right to purchase the vehicle by tender of the full amount owed under the
retail installment contract. Plaintiff seeks damages in an unspecified amount,
on behalf of a purported nationwide class. CPS removed the case to federal
bankruptcy court, and filed a motion for summary judgment as part of its
adversary proceeding against the plaintiff in the bankruptcy court. The federal
bankruptcy court granted the plaintiff's motion to send the matter back to
Alabama state court. CPS has appealed the ruling. Although CPS believes that it
has one or more defenses to each of the claims made in this lawsuit, no
discovery has yet been conducted and the case is still in its earliest stages.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to its outcome.

In June 2004, Plaintiff Jeremy Henry filed a lawsuit against the Company in the
California Superior Court, San Diego County, alleging improper practices related
to the notice given after repossession of a vehicle that he purchased.
Plaintiff's motion for a certification of a class has been denied, and is the
subject of an appeal now before the California Court of Appeal. Irrespective of
the outcome of that appeal, as to which there can be no assurance, the Company
has a number of defenses that may be dispositive with respect to the claims of
plaintiff Henry.

In August and September 2005, two plaintiffs represented by the same law firm
filed substantially identical lawsuits in the federal district court for the
northern district of Illinois, each of which purports to be a class action, and
each of which alleges that CPS improperly accessed consumer credit information.
CPS has reached agreements in principle to settle these cases, which await
confirmation by the court.

The Company has recorded a liability as of December 31, 2005 that it believes
represents a sufficient allowance for legal contingencies. Any adverse judgment
against the Company, if in an amount materially in excess of the recorded
liability, could have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the
Company.


ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

Not applicable.

                                       24
<PAGE>

ITEM 4A. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Information regarding the Company's executive officers follows:

CHARLES E. BRADLEY, Jr., 46, has been the President and a director of the
Company since its formation in March 1991. In January 1992, Mr. Bradley was
appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company. From March 1991 until December
1995 he served as Vice President and a director of CPS Holdings, Inc. From April
1989 to November 1990, he served as Chief Operating Officer of Barnard and
Company, a private investment firm. From September 1987 to March 1989, Mr.
Bradley, Jr. was an associate of The Harding Group, a private investment banking
firm.

MARK A. CREATURA, 46, has been Senior Vice President - General Counsel since
October 1996. From October 1993 through October 1996, he was Vice President and
General Counsel at Urethane Technologies, Inc., a polyurethane chemicals
formulator. Mr. Creatura was previously engaged in the private practice of law
with the Los Angeles law firm of Troy & Gould Professional Corporation, from
October 1985 through October 1993.

JEFFREY P. FRITZ, 46, has been Senior Vice President - Accounting since August
2004. He served as a consultant to the Company from May 2004 to August 2004.
Previously, he was the Chief Financial Officer of SeaWest Financial Corp. from
February 2003 to May 2004, and the Chief Financial Officer of AFCO Auto Finance
from April 2002 to February 2003. He practiced public accounting with Glenn M.
Gelman & Associates from March 2001 to April 2002 and was Chief Financial
Officer of Credit Services Group, Inc. from May 1999 to November 2000. He
previously served as the Company's Chief Financial Officer from its inception
through May 1999.

CURTIS K. POWELL, 49, has been Senior Vice President - Contract Origination
since June 2001. Previously, he was the Company's Senior Vice President -
Marketing, from April 1995. He joined the Company in January 1993 as an
independent marketing representative until being appointed Regional Vice
President of Marketing for Southern California in November 1994. From June 1985
through January 1993, Mr. Powell was in the retail automobile sales and leasing
business.

ROBERT E. RIEDL, 42, has been Senior Vice President - Chief Financial Officer
since August 2003. Mr. Riedl joined the Company as Senior Vice President - Risk
Management in January 2003. Mr. Riedl was a Principal at Northwest Capital
Appreciation ("NCA"), a middle market private equity firm, from 2000 to 2002.
For a year prior to joining Northwest Capital, Mr. Riedl served as Senior Vice
President for one of NCA's portfolio companies, SLP Capital. Mr. Riedl was an
investment banker for ContiFinancial Services Corporation from 1995 until
joining SLP Capital in 1999.

CHRISTOPHER TERRY, 38, has been Senior Vice President - Asset Recovery since
January 2003. He joined the Company in January 1995 as a loan officer, held a
series of successively more responsible positions, and was promoted to Vice
President - Asset Recovery in June 1999. Mr. Terry was previously a branch
manager with Norwest Financial from 1990.

                                       25
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The Company's Common Stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market System, under
the symbol "CPSS." The following table sets forth the high and low sale prices
as reported by Nasdaq for the Company's Common Stock for the periods shown.

                                                                HIGH       LOW
                                                               ------     ------
January 1 - March 31, 2004 .......................              3.96       2.94
April 1 - June 30, 2004 ..........................              4.97       3.12
July 1 - September 30, 2004 ......................              5.21       3.71
October 1 - December 31, 2004 ....................              4.87       3.98
January 1 - March 31, 2005 .......................              5.50       4.26
April 1 - June 30, 2005 ..........................              5.38       3.50
July 1 - September 30, 2005 ......................              5.45       4.14
October 1 - December 31, 2005 ....................              6.50       4.82


As of February 22, 2006, there were 82 holders of record of the Company's Common
Stock. To date, the Company has not declared or paid any dividends on its Common
Stock. The payment of future dividends, if any, on the Company's Common Stock is
within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon the
Company's income, its capital requirements and financial condition, and other
relevant factors. The instruments governing the Company's outstanding debt place
certain restrictions on the payment of dividends. The Company does not intend to
declare any dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable future, but instead
intends to retain any cash flow for use in the Company's operations.

The table below presents information regarding outstanding options to purchase
the Company's Common Stock:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Number of securities       Weighted average          Number of
                                               to be issued upon      exercise price of     securities remaining
                                            exercise of outstanding      outstanding        available for future
                                               options, warrants      options, warrants     issuance under equity
              Plan category                       and rights              and rights         compensation plans
- ------------------------------------------  ------------------------  -------------------  ----------------------

<S>                                                        <C>                      <C>                   <C>
Equity compensation plans
  approved by security holders...........                  4,863,654                $3.38                 165,261
Equity compensation plans not
  approved by security holders...........                        -                    -                       -
                                            ------------------------  -------------------  ----------------------

Total....................................                  4,863,654                $3.38                 165,261
                                            ========================  ===================  ======================
</TABLE>


                                       26
<PAGE>

During the year ended December 31, 2005, the Company purchased a total of
198,659 shares of its common stock. The Company's purchases of common stock
during the fourth quarter of 2005 are described in the following table:


ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES IN THE FOURTH QUARTER


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       Total Number of       Approximate Dollar
                           Total                      Shares Purchased as   Value of Shares that
                         Number of       Average       Part of Publicly     May Yet be Purchased
                          Shares       Price Paid     Announced Plans or     Under the Plans or
      Period(1)         Purchased       per Share        Programs(2)             Programs
                        -----------   --------------   -----------------   ----------------------

<S>                          <C>      <C>                         <C>      <C>
October 2005 ........        35,250   $         5.84              35,250   $            5,310,072
November 2005 .......        22,255             6.32              22,255                5,169,508
December 2005 .......        25,401             5.82              25,401                5,021,659
                        -----------   --------------   -----------------

Total ...............        82,906   $         5.96              82,906
                        ===========   ==============   =================
</TABLE>


- -------------------

(1) EACH MONTHLY PERIOD IS THE CALENDAR MONTH.

(2) THE COMPANY ANNOUNCED IN AUGUST 2000 ITS INTENTION TO PURCHASE UP TO $5
MILLION OF ITS OUTSTANDING SECURITIES, INCLUSIVE OF ANNUAL $1 MILLION SINKING
FUND REDEMPTIONS ON ITS RISING INTEREST REDEEMABLE SUBORDINATED SECURITIES DUE
2006. IN OCTOBER 2002, THE AUGUST 2000 PROGRAM HAVING BEEN EXHAUSTED, THE
COMPANY'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS AUTHORIZED THE PURCHASE OF UP TO AN ADDITIONAL $5
MILLION OF SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH PROGRAM WAS FIRST ANNOUNCED IN THE COMPANY'S
ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR 2002, FILED ON MARCH 26, 2003. ALL PURCHASES
DESCRIBED IN THE TABLE ABOVE WERE UNDER THE PLAN ANNOUNCED IN MARCH 2003, WHICH
HAS NO FIXED EXPIRATION DATE.


ON JUNE 30, 2004, THE COMPANY ISSUED 333,333 SHARES OF ITS COMMON STOCK TO JOHN
G. POOLE, A DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY, UPON CONVERSION AT MATURITY, AND PURSUANT
TO ITS TERMS, OF A $1,000,000 NOTE HELD BY MR. POOLE SINCE 1998. THE ISSUANCE OF
SHARES WAS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 PURSUANT TO
SECTION 3(A)(9) THEREOF, AS THE SHARES WERE ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THE
OUTSTANDING NOTE, AND NO COMMISSION WAS PAID FOR SOLICITING SUCH EXCHANGE.

                                       27
<PAGE>


ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  2005          2004          2003         2002         2001
                                                                --------     ----------    ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                                             (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                             <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>
Statement of Operations Data:
Net gain on sale of Contracts (1) ...........................   $       --   $       --    $   10,421   $   21,518   $   32,765
Interest income .............................................      171,834      105,818        58,164       48,644       17,205
Servicing fees ..............................................        6,647       12,480        17,058       14,621       10,666
Total revenue ...............................................      193,697      132,692       104,986       98,388       62,576
Operating expenses ..........................................      190,325      148,580       108,025       98,326       62,256
Income (loss) before extraordinary item (2) .................        3,372      (15,888)          395        2,996          320
Extraordinary item (3) ......................................           --           --            --       17,412           --
Net income (loss) ...........................................        3,372      (15,888)          395       20,408          320
Basic income (loss) per share before extraordinary item .....         0.16        (0.75)         0.02         0.15         0.02
Diluted income (loss) per share before extraordinary item ...         0.14        (0.75)         0.02         0.14         0.02
Basic income (loss) per share, extraordinary item ...........           --           --            --         0.87           --
Diluted income (loss) per share, extraordinary item .........           --           --            --         0.83           --
Basic income (loss) per share ...............................         0.16        (0.75)         0.02         1.03         0.02
Diluted income (loss) per share .............................         0.14        (0.75)         0.02         0.97         0.02


                                                                                    YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  2005          2004          2003         2002         2001
                                                                --------     ----------    ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                                                         (IN THOUSANDS)
Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents ...................................   $   17,789   $   14,366    $   33,209   $   32,947   $    2,570
Restricted cash and equivalents .............................      157,662      125,113        67,277       18,912       11,354
Finance receivables, net ....................................      913,576      550,191       266,189       84,592           --
Residual interest in securitizations ........................       25,220       50,430       111,702      127,170      106,103
Total assets ................................................    1,155,144      766,599       492,470      285,448      151,204
Term debt ...................................................    1,061,987      675,548       384,622      175,942       82,555
Total liabilities ...........................................    1,081,555      696,679       410,310      202,874       89,158
Total shareholders' equity ..................................       73,589       69,920        82,160       82,574       61,686
</TABLE>


- -------------------
(1) THE DECREASE IN 2003 AND THEREAFTER IS PRIMARILY THE RESULT OF THE CHANGE IN
SECURITIZATION STRUCTURE IMPLEMENTED IN THE THIRD QUARTER OF 2003.
(2) RESULTS FOR 2003 AND 2002 INCLUDE A TAX BENEFIT OF $3.4 MILLION AND $2.9
MILLION, RESPECTIVELY.
(3) ON MARCH 8, 2002, CPS ACQUIRED 100% OF MFN FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARIES, RESULTING IN THE RECOGNITION OF $17.4 MILLION OF NEGATIVE GOODWILL
AS AN EXTRAORDINARY GAIN, WHICH IS REFLECTED IN THE COMPANY'S 2002 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS.

                                       28
<PAGE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

The following analysis of the financial condition of the Company should be read
in conjunction with "Selected Financial Data" and the Company's Consolidated
Financial Statements and the Notes thereto and the other financial data included
elsewhere in this report.


OVERVIEW

Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. ("CPS," and together with its subsidiaries,
the "Company") is a consumer finance company which specializes in purchasing,
selling and servicing retail automobile installment purchase contracts
("Contracts") originated by licensed motor vehicle dealers ("Dealers") in the
sale of new and used automobiles, light trucks and passenger vans. Through its
purchases, the Company provides indirect financing to Dealer customers for
borrowers with limited credit histories, low incomes or past credit problems
("Sub-Prime Customers"). The Company serves as an alternative source of
financing for Dealers, allowing sales to customers who otherwise might not be
able to obtain financing. The Company does not lend money directly to consumers.
Rather, it purchases installment Contracts from Dealers based on its financing
programs (the "CPS Programs").

On March 8, 2002, the Company acquired MFN Financial Corporation and its
subsidiaries in a merger (the "MFN Merger"). On May 20, 2003, the Company
acquired TFC Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries in a second merger (the "TFC
Merger"). Each merger was accounted for as a purchase. MFN Financial Corporation
and its subsidiaries ("MFN") and TFC Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries
("TFC") were engaged in businesses similar to that of the Company: buying
Contracts from Dealers, financing those Contracts through securitization
transactions, and servicing those Contracts. MFN ceased acquiring Contracts in
May 2002; TFC continues to acquire Contracts under its "TFC Programs," which
provide financing for vehicle purchases exclusively by members of the United
States Armed Forces.

On April 2, 2004, the Company purchased (in the "SeaWest Asset Acquisition") a
portfolio of Contracts and certain other assets from SeaWest Financial
Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, "SeaWest"). In addition, the
Company was named the successor servicer of three term securitization
transactions originally sponsored by SeaWest (the "SeaWest Third Party
Portfolio"). The Company does not intend to offer financing programs similar to
those previously offered by SeaWest.

From inception through June 2003, the Company generated revenue primarily from
the gains recognized on the sale or securitization of Contracts, servicing fees
earned on Contracts sold, interest earned on Residuals, as defined below, and
interest on finance receivables. Since July 2003, the Company has not recognized
any gains from the sale of Contracts. Instead, since July 2003 its revenues have
been derived from servicing fees and interest earned on Residuals (for contracts
sold prior to July 2003) and interest on finance receivables (for Contracts
purchased since July 2003).


SECURITIZATION

GENERALLY


Throughout the periods for which information is presented in this report, the
Company has purchased Contracts with the intention of repackaging them in
securitizations. All such securitizations have involved identification of
specific Contracts, sale of those Contracts (and associated rights) to a special
purpose subsidiary of the Company, and issuance of asset-backed securities to
fund the transactions. Depending on the structure of the securitization, the
transaction may properly be accounted for as a sale of the Contracts, or as a
secured financing.

                                       29
<PAGE>

When structured to be treated as a secured financing, the subsidiary is
consolidated with the Company. Accordingly, the sold Contracts and the related
securitization trust debt appear as assets and liabilities, respectively, of the
Company on its Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company then periodically (i)
recognizes interest and fee income on the receivables (ii) recognizes interest
expense on the securities issued in the securitization and (iii) records as
expense a provision for credit losses on the receivables.

When structured to be treated as a sale, the subsidiary is not consolidated with
the Company. Accordingly, the securitization removes the sold Contracts from the
Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet, the asset-backed securities (debt of the
non-consolidated subsidiary) do not appear as debt of the Company, and the
Company shows, as an asset, a retained residual interest in the sold Contracts.
The residual interest represents the discounted value of what the Company
expects will be the excess of future collections on the Contracts over principal
and interest due on the asset-backed securities. That residual interest appears
on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet as "Residual interest in
securitizations," and the determination of its value is dependent on estimates
of the future performance of the sold Contracts.


CHANGE IN POLICY

Beginning in the third quarter of 2003, the Company began to structure its term
securitization transactions so that they would be treated for financial
accounting purposes as borrowings secured by receivables, rather than as sales
of receivables. All subsequent term securitizations of such finance receivables
have been so structured. Prior to August 2003, the Company had structured its
term securitization transactions related to the CPS Programs to be treated as
sales for financial accounting purposes. In the MFN Merger and in the TFC Merger
the Company acquired finance receivables that had been previously securitized in
term securitization transactions that were reflected as secured financings. As
of December 31, 2005, the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet included net
finance receivables of approximately $13.9 million and securitization trust debt
of $6.6 million related to finance receivables acquired in the two mergers, out
of totals of net finance receivables of approximately $913.6 million and
securitization trust debt of approximately $924.0 million.


CREDIT RISK RETAINED

Whether a securitization is treated as a secured financing or as a sale for
financial accounting purposes, the related special purpose subsidiary may be
unable to release excess cash to the Company if the credit performance of the
securitized Contracts falls short of pre-determined standards. Such releases
represent a material portion of the cash that the Company uses to fund its
operations. An unexpected deterioration in the performance of securitized
Contracts could therefore have a material adverse effect on both the Company's
liquidity and its results of operations, regardless of whether such Contracts
are treated as having been sold or as having been financed. For estimation of
the magnitude of such risk, it may be appropriate to look to the size of the
Company's "managed portfolio," which represents both financed and sold Contracts
as to which such credit risk is retained. The Company's managed portfolio as of
December 31, 2005 was approximately $1.1 billion (this amount includes $18.0
million related to the SeaWest Third Party Portfolio on which the Company earns
only servicing fees and has no credit risk).


CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The Company believes that its accounting policies related to (a) Allowance for
Finance Credit Losses, (b) Residual Interest in Securitizations and Gain on Sale
of Contracts and (c) Income Taxes are considered to be the most critical to
understanding and evaluating the Company's reported financial results. Such
policies are described below.

                                       30
<PAGE>


(a) ALLOWANCE FOR FINANCE CREDIT LOSSES

In order to estimate an appropriate allowance for losses to be incurred on
finance receivables, the Company uses a loss allowance methodology commonly
referred to as "static pooling," which stratifies its finance receivable
portfolio into separately identified pools. Using analytical and formula driven
techniques, the Company estimates an allowance for finance credit losses, which
management believes is adequate for probable credit losses that can be
reasonably estimated in its portfolio of finance receivable Contracts. Provision
for loss is charged to the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. Net
losses incurred on finance receivables are charged to the allowance. Management
evaluates the adequacy of the allowance by examining current delinquencies, the
characteristics of the portfolio and the value of the underlying collateral. As
conditions change, the Company's level of provisioning and/or allowance may
change as well.


(b) RESIDUAL INTEREST IN SECURITIZATIONS AND GAIN ON SALE OF CONTRACTS

Gain on sale was recognized on the disposition of Contracts either outright or
in securitization transactions. In those securitization transactions that were
treated as sales for financial accounting purposes, the Company, or a
wholly-owned, consolidated subsidiary of the Company, retains a residual
interest in the Contracts that were sold to a wholly-owned, unconsolidated
special purpose subsidiary. The Company's securitization transactions include
"term" securitizations (the purchaser holds the Contracts for substantially
their entire term) and "continuous" or "warehouse" securitizations (which
finance the acquisition of the Contracts for future sale into term
securitizations).

The line item "Residual interest in securitizations" on the Company's
Consolidated Balance Sheet represents the residual interests in term
securitizations completed prior to July 2003. This line represents the
discounted sum of expected future cash flows from these securitization trusts.
Accordingly, the valuation of the residual is heavily dependent on estimates of
future performance of the Contracts included in the term securitizations.

All subsequent securitizations were structured as secured financings. The
warehouse securitizations are accordingly reflected in the line items "Finance
receivables" and "Warehouse lines of credit" on the Company's Consolidated
Balance Sheet, and the term securitizations are reflected in the line items
"Finance receivables" and "Securitization trust debt."

The key economic assumptions used in measuring all residual interests in
securitizations as of December 31, 2005 and 2004 are included in the table
below. The Company has used an effective pre-tax discount rate of 14% per annum
except for certain collections from charged off receivables related to the
Company's securitizations in 2001 and later, where the Company has used a
discount rate of 25% per annum.

                                                      2005              2004
                                                 -------------     -------------
Prepayment speed (Cumulative).................   22.2% - 35.8%     20.0% - 30.5%
Net credit losses (Cumulative)................   11.9% - 20.2%     13.0% - 20.5%


Key economic assumptions and the sensitivity of the current fair value of
residual cash flows to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in those
assumptions are as follows:

                                       31
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                                       ----------------------
                                                                                2005
                                                                       ----------------------
                                                                       (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<S>                                                                      <C>
Carrying amount/fair value of residual interest in securitizations ..... $      25,220
Weighted average life in years .........................................         2.24

Prepayment Speed Assumption (Cumulative) ...............................    22.2% - 35.8%
Estimated fair value assuming 10% adverse change ....................... $      25,168
Estimated fair value assuming 20% adverse change .......................        25,119

Expected Net Credit Losses (Cumulative) ................................    11.9% - 20.2%
Estimated fair value assuming 10% adverse change ....................... $      23,937
Estimated fair value assuming 20% adverse change .......................        22,656

Residual Cash Flows Discount Rate (Annual) .............................    14.0% - 25.0%
Estimated fair value assuming 10% adverse change ....................... $      24,636
Estimated fair value assuming 20% adverse change .......................        24,071
</TABLE>


These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution. As the
figures indicate, changes in fair value based on 10% and 20% percent variation
in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the
change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in
this table, the effect of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair
value of the retained interest is calculated without changing any other
assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another
(for example, increases in market rates may result in lower prepayments and
increased credit losses), which could magnify or counteract the sensitivities.

The Company's securitization structure has generally been as follows:

The Company sells Contracts it acquires to a wholly-owned Special Purpose
Subsidiary ("SPS"), which has been established for the limited purpose of buying
and reselling the Company's Contracts. The SPS then transfers the same Contracts
to another entity, typically a statutory trust ("Trust"). The Trust issues
interest-bearing asset-backed securities ("Notes"), in a principal amount equal
to or less than the aggregate principal balance of the Contracts. The Company
typically sells these Contracts to the Trust at face value and without recourse,
except that representations and warranties similar to those provided by the
Dealer to the Company are provided by the Company to the Trust. One or more
investors purchase the Notes issued by the Trust; the proceeds from the sale of
the Notes are then used to purchase the Contracts from the Company. The Company
may retain or sell subordinated Notes issued by the Trust or by a related
entity. The Company purchases a financial guaranty insurance policy,
guaranteeing timely payment of principal and interest on the senior Notes, from
an insurance company (a "Note Insurer"). In addition, the Company provides
"Credit Enhancement" for the benefit of the Note Insurer and the investors in
the form of an initial cash deposit to a bank account ("Spread Account") held by
the Trust, in the form of overcollateralization of the Notes, where the
principal balance of the Notes issued is less than the principal balance of the
Contracts, in the form of subordinated Notes, or some combination of such Credit
Enhancements. The agreements governing the securitization transactions
(collectively referred to as the "Securitization Agreements") require that the
initial level of Credit Enhancement be supplemented by a portion of collections
from the Contracts until the level of Credit Enhancement reaches specified
levels which are then maintained. The specified levels are generally computed as
a percentage of the principal amount remaining unpaid under the related
Contracts. The specified levels at which the Credit Enhancement is to be
maintained will vary depending on the performance of the portfolios of Contracts
held by the Trusts and on other conditions, and may also be varied by agreement
among the Company, the SPS, the Note Insurers and the trustee. Such levels have
increased and decreased from time to time based on performance of the various
portfolios, and have also varied by Securitization Agreement. The Securitization
Agreements generally grant the Company the option to repurchase the sold
Contracts from the Trust when the aggregate outstanding balance of the Contracts
has amortized to a specified percentage of the initial aggregate balance.

                                       32
<PAGE>

The prior securitizations that were treated as sales for financial accounting
purposes differ from secured financings in that the Trust to which the SPS sold
the Contracts met the definition of a "qualified special purpose entity" under
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 140 ("SFAS 140"). As a result,
assets and liabilities of the Trust are not consolidated into the Company's
Consolidated Balance Sheet.

The Company's warehouse securitization structures were similar to the above,
except that (i) the SPS that purchases the Contracts pledges the Contracts to
secure promissory notes which it issues, (ii) the promissory notes are in an
aggregate principal amount of not more than 80.0% of the aggregate principal
balance of the Contracts (that is, at least 20.0% overcollateralization), and
(iii) no increase in the required amount of Credit Enhancement is contemplated
unless certain portfolio performance tests are breached. During the quarter
ended September 30, 2003 the warehouse securitizations related to the CPS
Programs were amended to cause the transactions to be treated as secured
financings for financial accounting purposes. The Contracts held by the
warehouse SPSs and the promissory notes that they issue are therefore included
in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2005 and
2004 as assets and liabilities, respectively.


Upon each sale of Contracts in a securitization structured as a secured
financing, whether a term securitization or a warehouse securitization, the
Company retains on its Consolidated Balance Sheet the Contracts securitized as
assets and records the Notes issued in the transaction as indebtedness of the
Company.

Under the prior securitizations structured as sales for financial accounting
purposes, the Company removed from its Consolidated Balance Sheet the Contracts
sold and added to its Consolidated Balance Sheet (i) the cash received, if any,
and (ii) the estimated fair value of the ownership interest that the Company
retains in Contracts sold in the securitization. That retained or residual
interest (the "Residual") consists of (a) the cash held in the Spread Account,
if any, (b) overcollateralization, if any, (c) subordinated Notes retained, if
any, and (d) receivables from Trust, which include the net interest receivables
("NIRs"). NIRs represent the estimated discounted cash flows to be received from
the Trust in the future, net of principal and interest payable with respect to
the Notes, and certain expenses. The excess of the cash received and the assets
retained by the Company over the carrying value of the Contracts sold, less
transaction costs, equals the net gain on sale of Contracts recorded by the
Company. Until the maturity of these transactions, the Company's Consolidated
Balance Sheet will reflect both securitization transactions structured as sales
and others structured as secured financings.

With respect to securitizations structured as sales for financial accounting
purposes, the Company allocates its basis in the Contracts between the Notes
sold and the Residuals retained based on the relative fair values of those
portions on the date of the sale. The Company recognizes gains or losses
attributable to the change in the fair value of the Residuals, which are
recorded at estimated fair value. The Company is not aware of an active market
for the purchase or sale of interests such as the Residuals; accordingly, the
Company determines the estimated fair value of the Residuals by discounting the
amount of anticipated cash flows that it estimates will be released to the
Company in the future (the cash out method), using a discount rate that the
Company believes is appropriate for the risks involved. The anticipated cash
flows include collections from both current and charged off receivables. The
Company has used an effective pre-tax discount rate of 14% per annum except for
certain collections from charged off receivables related to the Company's
securitizations in 2001 and later where the Company has used a discount rate of
25% per annum.

The Company receives periodic base servicing fees for the servicing and
collection of the Contracts. In addition, the Company is entitled to the cash
flows from the Trusts that represent collections on the Contracts in excess of
the amounts required to pay principal and interest on the Notes, the base
servicing fees, and certain other fees (such as trustee and custodial fees).
Required principal payments on the notes are generally defined as the payments
sufficient to keep the principal balance of the Notes equal to the aggregate
principal balance of the related Contracts (excluding those Contracts that have
been charged off), or a pre-determined percentage of such balance. Where that
percentage is less than 100%, the related Securitization Agreements require
accelerated payment of principal until the principal balance of the Notes is
reduced to the specified percentage. Such accelerated principal payment is said
to create overcollateralization of the Notes.

                                       33
<PAGE>

If the amount of cash required for payment of fees, interest and principal
exceeds the amount collected during the collection period, the shortfall is
withdrawn from the Spread Account, if any. If the cash collected during the
period exceeds the amount necessary for the above allocations, and there is no
shortfall in the related Spread Account or other form of Credit Enhancement, the
excess is released to the Company, or in certain cases is transferred to other
Spread Accounts related to transactions insured by the same Note Insurer that
may be below their required levels. If the total Credit Enhancement amount is
not at the required level, then the excess cash collected is retained in the
Trust until the specified level is achieved. Although Spread Account balances
are held by the Trusts on behalf of the Company's SPS as the owner of the
Residuals (in the case of securitization transactions structured as sales for
financial accounting purposes) or the Trusts (in the case of securitization
transactions structured as secured financings for financial accounting
purposes), the cash in the Spread Accounts is restricted from use by the
Company. Cash held in the various Spread Accounts is invested in high quality,
liquid investment securities, as specified in the Securitization Agreements. The
interest rate payable on the Contracts is significantly greater than the
interest rate on the Notes. As a result, the Residuals described above are a
significant asset of the Company. In determining the value of the Residuals, the
Company must estimate the future rates of prepayments, delinquencies, defaults,
default loss severity, and recovery rates, as all of these factors affect the
amount and timing of the estimated cash flows. The Company estimates prepayments
by evaluating historical prepayment performance of comparable Contracts. As of
December 31, 2005, the Company used prepayment estimates of approximately 22.2%
to 35.8% cumulatively over the lives of the related Contracts. The Company
estimates defaults and default loss severity using available historical loss
data for comparable Contracts and the specific characteristics of the Contracts
purchased by the Company. The Company estimates recovery rates of previously
charged off receivables using available historical recovery data. In valuing the
Residuals as of December 31, 2005, the Company estimates that charge-offs as a
percentage of the original principal balance will approximate 15.9% to 26.1%
cumulatively over the lives of the related Contracts, with recovery rates
approximating 4.0% to 5.9% of the original principal balance.

Following a securitization that is structured as a sale for financial accounting
purposes, interest income is recognized on the balance of the Residuals. In
addition, the Company will recognize as a gain additional revenue from the
Residuals if the actual performance of the Contracts is better than the
Company's estimate of the value of the residual. If the actual performance of
the Contracts were worse than the Company's estimate, then a downward adjustment
to the carrying value of the Residuals and a related impairment charge would be
required. In a securitization structured as a secured financing for financial
accounting purposes, interest income is recognized when accrued under the terms
of the related Contracts and, therefore, presents less potential for
fluctuations in performance when compared to the approach used in a transaction
structured as a sale for financial accounting purposes.

In all the Company's term securitizations, whether treated as secured financings
or as sales, the Company has sold the receivables (through a subsidiary) to the
securitization Trust. The difference between the two structures is that in
securitizations that are treated as secured financings the Company reports the
assets and liabilities of the securitization Trust on its Consolidated Balance
Sheet. Under both structures the Noteholders' and the related securitization
Trusts' recourse to the Company for failure of the Contract obligors to make
payments on a timely basis is limited to the Company's Finance receivables,
Spread Accounts and Residuals.


(c) INCOME TAXES

The Company and its subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax return
and combined or stand-alone state franchise tax returns for certain states. The
Company utilizes the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes,
under which deferred income taxes are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to the differences between the financial statement values of
existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to
taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to
be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The
Company has estimated a valuation allowance against that portion of the deferred
tax asset whose utilization in future periods is not more than likely.

                                       34
<PAGE>


In determining the possible realization of deferred tax assets, future taxable
income from the following sources are considered: (a) the reversal of taxable
temporary differences; (b) future operations exclusive of reversing temporary
differences; and (c) tax planning strategies that, if necessary, would be
implemented to accelerate taxable income into periods in which net operating
losses might otherwise expire.

See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" and Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

EFFECTS OF CHANGE IN SECURITIZATION STRUCTURE

The Company's decision in the third quarter of 2003 to structure securitization
transactions as borrowings secured by receivables for financial accounting
purposes, rather than as sales of receivables, has affected and will affect the
way in which the transactions are reported. The major effects are these: (i) the
finance receivables are shown as assets of the Company on its balance sheet;
(ii) the debt issued in the transactions is shown as indebtedness of the
Company; (iii) cash deposited to enhance the credit of the securitization
transactions ("Spread Accounts") is shown as "Restricted cash" on the Company's
balance sheet; (iv) cash collected from borrowers and other sources related to
the receivables prior to making the required payments under the Securitization
Agreements is also shown as "Restricted cash" on the Company's balance sheet;
(v) the servicing fee that the Company receives in connection with such
receivables is recorded as a portion of the interest earned on such receivables
in the Company's statements of operations; (vi) the Company has initially and
periodically recorded as expense a provision for estimated credit losses on the
receivables in the Company's statements of operations; and (vii) of scheduled
payments on the receivables and on the debt issued in the transactions, the
portion representing interest is recorded as interest income and expense,
respectively, in the Company's statements of operations.

These changes collectively represent a deferral of revenue and acceleration of
expenses, and thus a more conservative approach to accounting for the Company's
operations compared to the previous term securitization transactions, which were
accounted for as sales at the consummation of the transaction. The changes have
resulted in the Company's initially reporting lower earnings than it would have
reported if it had continued to structure its securitizations to require
recognition of gain on sale. It should also be noted that growth in the
Company's portfolio of receivables would result in an increase in expenses in
the form of provision for credit losses, and would initially have a negative
effect on net earnings. The Company's cash availability and cash requirements
should be unaffected by the change in structure.

Since July 2003, the Company has conducted 10 term securitizations of Contracts
originated under the CPS Programs structured as secured financings, generally on
a quarterly basis. In March 2004 and November 2005, the Company completed
securitizations of its retained interests in other securitizations previously
sponsored by the Company and its affiliates. The debt from the March 2004
transaction was repaid in August 2005. In June 2004, the Company completed a
term securitization of Contracts purchased in the SeaWest Asset Acquisition and
under the TFC Programs. In December 2005, the Company completed a securitization
that included Contracts purchased under the TFC Programs, the CPS Programs and
Contracts re-acquired by the Company as a result of clean-ups of prior
securitizations of its MFN and TFC subsidiaries. Since July 2003, all of the
Company's securitizations have been structured as secured financings.

                                       35
<PAGE>

THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2005 COMPARED TO THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004

REVENUES. During the year ended December 31, 2005, revenues were $193.7 million,
an increase of $61.0 million, or 46.0%, from the prior year revenue of $132.7
million. The primary reason for the increase in revenues is an increase in
interest income. Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2005 increased
$66.0 million, or 62.4%, to $171.8 million in 2005 from $105.8 million in 2004.
The primary reason for the increase in interest income is the growth of the
finance receivables held by consolidated subsidiaries on the Company's balance
sheet. During 2005, the Company purchased $691.3 million of Contracts and
increased its balance of receivables held by consolidated subsidiaries to $1.0
billion at December 31, 2005 from $619.8 million at December 31, 2004, an
increase of 61.4%. Offsetting the increase in interest income were decreases in
the balance of receivables from the SeaWest Acquisitions and the TFC and MFN
subsidiaries, which resulted in decreases in interest income of $1.8 million,
$2.0 million and $2.6 million, respectively.

Servicing fees totaling $6.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2005
decreased $5.8 million, or 46.7%, from $12.5 million in the same period a year
earlier. The decrease in servicing fees is the result of the change in
securitization structure and the consequent decline in the Company's managed
portfolio held by non-consolidated subsidiaries, and the decrease in the SeaWest
Third Party Portfolio. As a result of the decision to structure future
securitizations as secured financings, the Company's managed portfolio held by
non-consolidated subsidiaries will continue to decline in future periods, and
servicing fee revenue is anticipated to decline proportionately. As of December
31, 2005 and 2004, the Company's managed portfolio owned by consolidated vs.
non-consolidated subsidiaries and other third parties was as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               December 31, 2005    December 31, 2004
                                             --------------------  ------------------
                                               Amount        %      Amount       %
                                             ----------   -------  --------   -------
<S>                                          <C>           <C>     <C>         <C>
Total Managed Portfolio                                (Dollars in millions)
Owned by Consolidated Subsidiaries .......   $  1,000.6    89.2%   $  619.8    68.3%
Owned by Non-Consolidated Subdiaries .....        103.1     9.2%      233.6    25.8%
SeaWest Third Party Portfolio ............         18.0     1.6%       53.5     5.9%
                                             ----------   -------  --------   -------
Total ....................................   $  1,121.7   100.0%   $  906.9   100.0%
                                             ==========   =======  ========   =======


At December 31, 2005, the Company was generating income and fees on a managed
portfolio with an outstanding principal balance approximating $1.1 billion (this
amount includes $18.0 million related to the SeaWest Third Party Portfolio on
which the Company earns only servicing fees), compared to a managed portfolio
with an outstanding principal balance approximating $906.9 million as of
December 31, 2004. As the portfolios of Contracts acquired in the MFN Merger and
the TFC Merger decrease, the portfolio of Contracts originated under the CPS
Programs continues to expand. At December 31, 2005 and 2004, the managed
portfolio composition was as follows:

                                               December 31, 2005    December 31, 2004
                                             --------------------  ------------------
                                               Amount        %      Amount       %
                                             ----------   -------  --------   -------
Originating Entity                                     (Dollars in millions)
CPS ......................................   $  1,017.3    90.7%   $  706.8    77.9%
TFC ......................................         68.6     6.1%       89.4     9.9%
MFN ......................................          2.5     0.1%       17.8     2.0%
SeaWest ..................................         15.3     1.4%       39.4     4.3%
SeaWest Third Party Portfolio ............         18.0     1.6%       53.5     5.9%
                                             ----------   -------  --------   -------
Total ....................................   $  1,121.7   100.0%   $  906.9   100.0%
                                             ==========   =======  ========   =======
</TABLE>


Other income increased $822,000, or 5.7%, to $15.2 million during 2005 from
$14.4 million in 2004. During 2005, other income included $2.4 million from the
sale of charged off receivables acquired in the MFN Merger, the TFC Merger and
the SeaWest Asset Acquisition, compared to no such proceeds in 2004. Recoveries
on MFN receivables decreased by $3.1 million to $4.9 million in 2005, compared
to $8.0 million in 2004. Other income associated with direct mail services


                                       36
<PAGE>

increased by $765,000 to $4.5 million compared to $3.8 million in 2004. These
direct mail services are provided to the Company's Dealers and represent direct
mail products which consist of customized solicitations targeted to prospective
vehicle purchasers, in proximity to the Dealer, who are likely to meet the
Company's credit criteria.

EXPENSES. The Company's operating expenses consist primarily of employee costs
and other operating expenses, which are incurred as applications and Contracts
are received, processed and serviced. Factors that affect margins and net income
include changes in the automobile and automobile finance market environments,
and macroeconomic factors such as interest rates and the unemployment level.

Employee costs include base salaries, commissions and bonuses paid to employees,
and certain expenses related to the accounting treatment of outstanding warrants
and stock options, and are one of the Company's most significant operating
expenses. These costs (other than those relating to stock options) generally
fluctuate with the level of applications and Contracts processed and serviced.

Other operating expenses consist primarily of interest expense, provisions for
credit losses, facilities expenses, telephone and other communication services,
credit services, computer services (including employee costs associated with
information technology support), professional services, marketing and
advertising expenses, and depreciation and amortization.

Total operating expenses were $190.3 million for 2005, compared to $148.6
million for 2004. The increase is primarily due to a $26.4 million increase, or
81.0% in the provision for credit losses to $59.0 million during the 2005 period
as compared to $32.6 million in the 2004 period. Interest expense increased by
$19.5 million to $51.7 million from $32.1 million in 2004, an increase of 60.7%.
The increase is primarily the result of the amount of securitization trust debt
carried on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet which increased along with
the growth of the Company's portfolio of finance receivables. The increase was
somewhat offset by the decrease in securitization trust debt acquired in the MFN
Merger and the TFC Merger. For 2005, the provision for credit losses and
interest expense represented 31.0% and 27.1%, respectively, of total operating
expenses, compared to 21.9% and 21.6% in 2004.

Employee costs increased to $40.4 million, or 5.8% during 2005, representing
21.2% of total operating expenses, from $38.2 million for 2004, or 25.7% of
total operating expenses. The decrease as a percentage of total operating
expenses reflects the higher total of operating expenses, primarily a result of
the increased provision for credit losses and interest expense.

General and administrative expenses increased slightly to $23.1 million, or
12.1% of total operating expenses, in 2005, as compared to $21.3 million, or
14.3% of total operating expenses, in 2004. The decrease as a percentage of
total operating expenses reflects the higher operating expenses primarily a
result of the increased provision for credit losses and interest expense. During
the year ended December 31, 2005, the Company recognized what management
believes will be a one-time, non-cash impairment charge of $1.9 million against
certain non Finance receivables related assets.

In December 2005, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved
accelerated vesting of all the outstanding stock options issued by the Company.
Options to purchase 2,113,998 shares of the Company's common stock, which would
otherwise have vested from time to time through 2010, became immediately
exercisable as a result of the acceleration of vesting. The decision to
accelerate the vesting of the options was made primarily to reduce non-cash
compensation expenses that would have been recorded in the Company's income
statement in future periods upon the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards
Board Statement No. 123R in January 2006. The Company estimates that
approximately $3.5 million of future non-cash compensation expense will be
eliminated as a result of the acceleration of vesting.

                                       37
<PAGE>

At the time of the acceleration of vesting, the Company accounted for its stock
options in accordance with Accounting Principals Board Opinion No. 25,
Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees. Consequently, the acceleration of
vesting resulted in non-cash compensation charge of $427,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2005.

For 2005, the Company recognized no impairment loss on its residual interest in
securitizations compared to $11.8 million in 2004. In 2004, such impairment loss
related to the Company's analysis and estimate of the expected ultimate
performance of the Company's previously securitized pools that are held by
non-consolidated subsidiaries and the residual interest in securitizations. The
impairment loss was a result of the actual net loss and prepayment rates
exceeding the Company's previous estimates for the Contracts held by
non-consolidated subsidiaries.

Marketing expenses increased by $3.7 million, or 43.9%, and represented 6.3% of
total operating expenses. The increase is primarily due to the increase in
Contracts purchased by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2004.

Occupancy expenses decreased by $120,000, or 3.4%, and represented 1.8% of total
operating expenses. The decrease is primarily due to the closure and sub-leasing
during 2005 of certain facilities acquired in the MFN Merger and the TFC Merger.

Depreciation and amortization expenses remained essentially unchanged at
$790,000 for 2005 and represented 0.4% of total operating expenses.

The Company would have recorded income tax expense of $1.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2005, but the income tax expense was offset primarily by a
$1.4 million decrease in the valuation allowance that has been established to
offset the Company's deferred tax assets.


THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004 COMPARED TO THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003

REVENUES. During the year ended December 31, 2004, revenues were $132.7 million,
an increase of $27.7 million, or 26.4%, from the prior year revenue of $105.0
million. The primary reason for the increase in revenues is an increase in
interest income. Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2004 increased
$47.7 million, or 81.9%, to $105.8 million in 2004 from $58.2 million in 2003.
The primary reasons for the increase in interest income are the change in
securitization structure implemented during the third quarter of 2003 as
described above (an increase of $56.0 million) and the interest income earned on
the portfolios of Contracts acquired in the TFC Merger (an increase of $7.2
million) and the SeaWest Asset Acquisition (an increase of $6.1 million). This
increase was partially offset by the decline in the balance of the portfolio of
Contracts acquired in the MFN Merger (resulting in a decrease of $10.1 million
in interest income) and a decrease in residual interest income (a decrease of
$11.6 million).

The increase in interest income is offset in part by the elimination of net gain
on sale of Contracts revenue and a decrease in servicing fees. As a result of
the change in securitization structure, zero net gain on sale of Contracts was
recorded in 2004, compared to $10.4 million net gain on sale in the year earlier
period.

Servicing fees totaling $12.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2004
decreased $4.6 million, or 26.8%, from $17.1 million in the same period a year
earlier. The decrease in servicing fees is the result of the change in
securitization structure and the consequent decline in the Company's managed
portfolio held by non-consolidated subsidiaries. The decrease was partially
offset by the servicing fees earned on the SeaWest Third Party Portfolio, which
totaled $2.0 million. As a result of the decision to structure future
securitizations as secured financings, the Company's managed portfolio held by
non-consolidated subsidiaries will continue to decline in future periods, and
servicing fee revenue is anticipated to decline proportionately. As of December
31, 2004 and 2003, the Company's managed portfolio owned by consolidated vs.
non-consolidated subsidiaries and other third parties was as follows:

                                       38
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                December 31, 2004   December 31, 2003
                                               ------------------  ------------------
                                                Amount       %      Amount       %
                                               --------   -------  --------   -------
<S>                                            <C>         <C>     <C>         <C>
Total Managed Portfolio                                (Dollars in Millions)
Owned by Consolidated Subsidiaries .........   $  619.8    68.3%   $  315.6    42.6%
Owned by Non-Consolidated Subsidiaries .....      233.6    25.8%      425.5    57.4%
SeaWest Third Party Portfolio ..............       53.5     5.9%       --       0.0%
                                               --------   -------  --------   -------
Total ......................................   $  906.9   100.0%   $  741.1   100.0%
                                               ========   =======  ========   =======
</TABLE>


At December 31, 2004, the Company was generating income and fees on a managed
portfolio with an outstanding principal balance approximating $906.9 million
(this amount includes $53.5 million related to the SeaWest Third Party Portfolio
on which the Company earns only servicing fees), compared to a managed portfolio
with an outstanding principal balance approximating $741.1 million as of
December 31, 2003. As the portfolios of Contracts acquired in the MFN Merger and
the TFC Merger decrease, the portfolio of Contracts originated under the CPS
Programs continues to expand. At December 31, 2004 and 2003, the managed
portfolio composition was as follows:

                                          December 31, 2004   December 31, 2003
                                         ------------------  ------------------
                                          Amount       %      Amount       %
                                         --------   -------  --------   -------
ORIGINATING ENTITY                                 (Dollars in Millions)
CPS ..................................   $  706.8    77.9% $    543.8    73.4%
TFC ..................................       89.4     9.9%      123.6    16.7%
MFN ..................................       17.8     2.0%       73.7     9.9%
SeaWest ..............................       39.4     4.3%       --       0.0%
SeaWest Third Party Portfolio ........       53.5     5.9%       --       0.0%
                                         --------   -------  --------   -------
Total ................................   $  906.9   100.0%   $  741.1   100.0%
                                         ========   =======  ========   =======


Other income decreased $4.9 million, or 25.6%, to $14.4 million during 2004 from
$19.3 million during 2003. The period over period decrease resulted primarily
from a sales tax refund of $3.0 received in 2003 and decreased recoveries on
previously charged off MFN Contracts, which were $8.0 million during 2004,
compared to $12.2 million for 2003.

EXPENSES. The Company's operating expenses consist primarily of employee costs
and other operating expenses, which are incurred as applications and Contracts
are received, processed and serviced. Factors that affect margins and net income
include changes in the automobile and automobile finance market environments,
and macroeconomic factors such as interest rates and the unemployment level.

Employee costs include base salaries, commissions and bonuses paid to employees,
and certain expenses related to the accounting treatment of outstanding warrants
and stock options, and are one of the Company's most significant operating
expenses. These costs (other than those relating to stock options) generally
fluctuate with the level of applications and Contracts processed and serviced.

Other operating expenses consist primarily of interest expense, provisions for
credit losses, facilities expenses, telephone and other communication services,
credit services, computer services (including employee costs associated with
information technology support), professional services, marketing and
advertising expenses, and depreciation and amortization.

Total operating expenses were $148.6 million for 2004, compared to $108.0
million for 2003. The increase is primarily due to a $21.2 million increase in
the provision for credit losses to $32.6 million during the 2004 period as
compared to $11.4 million in the 2003 period. Increased interest expense was
also significant.

                                       39
<PAGE>

Employee costs increased to $38.2 million during 2004, representing 25.7% of
total operating expenses, from $37.1 million for 2003, or 34.4% of total
operating expenses. The slight increase is primarily the result of staff
additions related to increased Contract purchases in 2004 (an increase of $3.9
million). This increase was partially offset by staff reductions since the MFN
Merger in 2002 related to the integration and consolidation of certain service
and administrative activities and the decline in the balance of the portfolio of
Contracts acquired in the MFN Merger (a decrease of $3.2 million). The decrease
as a percentage of total operating expenses reflects the higher total of
operating expenses, primarily a result of the increased provision for credit
losses and interest expense.

General and administrative expenses remained essentially unchanged at $21.3
million, or 14.3% of total operating expenses, in 2004, as compared to $21.3
million, or 19.7% of total operating expenses, in 2003. The decrease as a
percentage of total operating expenses reflects the higher operating expenses
primarily a result of the provision for credit losses and interest expense.

Interest expense for 2004 increased $8.3 million, or 34.7%, to $32.1 million,
compared to $23.9 million in 2003. The increase is primarily the result of
changes in the amount and composition of securitization trust debt carried on
the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet. Such debt increased as a result of the
change in securitization structure implemented beginning in July 2003, the TFC
Merger in May 2003 and the SeaWest Asset Acquisition in April 2004 (a combined
increase of approximately $10.3 million), partially offset by the decrease in
the balance of the securitization trust debt acquired in the MFN Merger
(resulting in a decrease of approximately $2.0 million in interest expense).

Impairment loss increased by $7.7 million, or 190.0%, to $11.8 million in 2004
as compared to $4.1 million in 2003. Such impairment loss relates to the
Company's analysis and estimate of the expected ultimate performance of the
Company's previously securitized pools that are held by non-consolidated
subsidiaries and the residual interest in securitizations. The impairment loss
is a result of the actual net loss and prepayment rates exceeding the Company's
previous estimates for the Contracts held by non-consolidated subsidiaries.

Marketing expenses increased by $3.0 million, or 55.0%, and represented 5.6% of
total operating expenses. The increase is primarily due to the increase in
Contracts purchased by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2004.

Occupancy expenses decreased by $410,000, or 10.4%, and represented 2.4% of
total operating expenses. The decrease is primarily due to the closure and
sub-leasing during 2004 of certain facilities acquired in the MFN Merger and the
TFC Merger.

Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased by $215,000, or 21.5%, to
$785,000 from $1.0 million.

No income tax benefit was recorded in 2004 as compared to $3.4 million recorded
in 2003 periods. The 2003 benefit is primarily the result of the resolution of
certain Internal Revenue Service examinations of previously filed MFN tax
returns, resulting in a tax benefit of $4.9 million, and other state tax matters
resulting in a tax provision of $1.5 million. The Company does not expect any
comparable income tax benefit in future periods.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

LIQUIDITY

The Company's business requires substantial cash to support its purchases of
Contracts and other operating activities. The Company's primary sources of cash
have been cash flows from operating activities, including proceeds from sales of
Contracts, amounts borrowed under various revolving credit facilities (also
sometimes known as warehouse credit facilities), servicing fees on portfolios of
Contracts previously sold in securitization transactions or serviced for third


                                       40
<PAGE>

parties, customer payments of principal and interest on finance receivables,
fees for origination of Contracts, and releases of cash from securitized
portfolios of Contracts in which the Company has retained a residual ownership
interest and from the Spread Accounts associated with such pools. The Company's
primary uses of cash have been the purchases of Contracts, repayment of amounts
borrowed under lines of credit and otherwise, operating expenses such as
employee, interest, occupancy expenses and other general and administrative
expenses, the establishment of Spread Accounts and initial
overcollateralization, if any, and the increase of Credit Enhancement to
required levels in securitization transactions, and income taxes. There can be
no assurance that internally generated cash will be sufficient to meet the
Company's cash demands. The sufficiency of internally generated cash will depend
on the performance of securitized pools (which determines the level of releases
from those portfolios and their related Spread Accounts), the rate of expansion
or contraction in the Company's managed portfolio, and the terms upon which the
Company is able to acquire, sell, and borrow against Contracts.

Net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2005,
2004 and 2003 was $36.7 million, $9.9 million and $98.9 million, respectively.
Cash from operating activities is generally provided by the net releases from
the Company's securitization Trusts. The increase in 2005 vs. 2004 is due in
part to the Company's increased net earnings before the significant increase in
the provision for credit losses. The decrease in 2004 vs. 2003 is primarily the
result of the Company's decision, in July 2003, to treat all of its future
securitizations as secured financings. As a result, 2005 and 2004 include no
activity related to Contracts held for sale.

Net cash used in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2005,
2004 and 2003, was $411.7 million, $314.0 million, and $178.9 million,
respectively. Cash used in investing activities has generally related to
purchases of Contracts, the cost of the SeaWest Asset Acquisition and the
acquisition of TFC. Purchase of finance receivables held for investment were
$691.3, $506.0 and $175.3 in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Cash used in the
TFC Merger, net of the cash acquired in the transaction, totaled $10.2 million
for the year ended December 31, 2003.

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2005,
was $378.4 million compared with $285.3 million in 2004 and $80.3 million for
the year ended December 31, 2003. Cash used or provided by financing activities
is primarily attributable to the issuance or repayment of debt. In connection
with the TFC Merger the Company assumed securitization trust debt related to
three securitization transactions held by consolidated subsidiaries and assumed
additional subordinated debt. With the change in the securitization structure
implemented in the third quarter of 2003, $662.4 million of securitization trust
debt was issued in 2005 as compared to $474.7 million in 2004 and $154.4 million
in 2003.

Contracts are purchased from Dealers for a cash price approximating their
principal amount, adjusted for an acquisition fee which may either increase or
decrease the Contract purchase price, and generate cash flow over a period of
years. As a result, the Company has been dependent on warehouse credit
facilities to purchase Contracts, and on the availability of cash from outside
sources in order to finance its continuing operations, as well as to fund the
portion of Contract purchase prices not financed under revolving warehouse
credit facilities. As of December 31, 2005, the Company had $350 million in
warehouse credit capacity, in the form of a $200 million facility and a $150
million facility. The first facility provides funding for Contracts purchased
under the TFC Programs while both warehouse facilities provide funding for
Contracts purchased under the CPS Programs. A third facility in the amount of
$125 million, which the Company utilized to fund Contracts under the CPS and TFC
Programs, was terminated by the Company on June 29, 2005.

The $150 million warehouse facility is structured to allow CPS to fund a portion
of the purchase price of Contracts by drawing against a floating rate variable
funding note issued by its consolidated subsidiary Page Three Funding, LLC. This
facility was established on November 15, 2005, and expires on November 14, 2006,
although it is renewable with the mutual agreement of the parties. Up to 80% of
the principal balance of Contracts may be advanced to the Company under this
facility, subject to collateral tests and certain other conditions and
covenants. Notes under this facility accrue interest at a rate of one-month
LIBOR plus 2.00% per annum. At December 31, 2005, $34.5 million was outstanding
under this facility.

                                       41
<PAGE>

The $200 million warehouse facility is similarly structured to allow CPS to fund
a portion of the purchase price of Contracts by drawing against a floating rate
variable funding note issued by its consolidated subsidiary Page Funding LLC.
This facility was entered into on June 30, 2004. On June 29, 2005 the facility
was increased from $100 million to $125 million and further amended to provide
for funding for Contracts purchased under the TFC Programs. It was increased
again to $200 million on August 31, 2005. Approximately 77.0% of the principal
balance of Contracts may be advanced to the Company under this facility, subject
to collateral tests and certain other conditions and covenants. Notes under this
facility accrue interest at a rate of one-month LIBOR plus 1.50% per annum. The
lender has annual termination options at its sole discretion on each June 30
through 2007, at which time the agreement expires. At December 31, 2005,
$836,000 was outstanding under this facility, compared to zero at December 31,
2004.

The $125 million warehouse facility was structured to allow the Company to fund
a portion of the purchase price of Contracts by drawing against a floating rate
variable funding note issued by its consolidated subsidiary CPS Warehouse Trust.
This facility was established on March 7, 2002, and the maximum amount was
increased to $125 million in November 2002. Up to 73.0% of the principal balance
of Contracts could have been advanced to the Company under this facility bore
interest at a rate of one-month commercial paper plus 1.50% per annum. This
facility was due to expire on April 11, 2006, but the Company elected to
terminate it on it June 29, 2005. At December 31, 2004, $34.3 million was
outstanding under this facility.

The Company securitized $674.4 million of Contracts in five private placement
transactions during the year ended December 31, 2005 compared to $463.9 million
in five private placements during 2004. All of these transactions were
structured as secured financings and, therefore, resulted in no gain on sale.
During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company securitized $416.9 million
of Contracts in four private placement transactions. The first two such
transactions of 2003 were structured as sales for financial accounting purposes,
resulting in a gain on sale of $6.4 million (net of a negative fair value
adjustment of $4.1 million related to the performance of previously securitized
pools). The final two transactions of 2003 were structured as secured financings
and, therefore, resulted in no gain on sale. In March 2004, a wholly-owned
bankruptcy remote consolidated subsidiary of the Company issued $44 million of
asset-backed notes secured by its retained interest in eight term securitization
transactions. The notes had an interest rate of 10% per annum and a final
maturity in October 2009 and were required to be repaid from the distributions
on the underlying retained interests. In connection with the issuance of the
notes, the Company incurred and capitalized issuance costs of $1.3 million. The
Company repaid the notes in full in August 2005. In November 2005, the Company
completed a similar securitization whereby a wholly-owned bankruptcy remote
consolidated subsidiary of the Company issued $45.8 million of asset-backed
notes secured by its retained interest in 10 term securitization transactions.
These notes, which bear interest at a blended interest rate of 8.36% per annum
and have a final maturity in July 2011, are required to be repaid from the
distributions on the underlying retained interests. In connection with the
issuance of the notes, the Company incurred and capitalized issuance costs of
$915,000.

For the portfolio owned by non-consolidated subsidiaries, cash used to increase
Credit Enhancement amounts to required levels for the years ended December 31,
2005, 2004 and 2003 was zero, $2.9 million, $20.9 million, respectively. Cash
released from Trusts and their related Spread Accounts to the Company related to
the portfolio owned by consolidated subsidiaries for the years ended December
31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 was $23.1 million, $21.4 million and $25.9 million,
respectively. Changes in the amount of Credit Enhancement required for term
securitization transactions and releases from Trusts and their related Spread
Accounts are affected by the relative size, seasoning and performance of the
various pools of Contracts securitized that make up the Company's managed
portfolio to which the respective Spread Accounts are related. During the years
ended December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 the Company made no initial
deposits to Spread Accounts and funded no initial overcollateralization related
to its term securitization transactions owned by non-consolidated subsidiaries,
compared to $18.7 million in 2003. The acquisition of Contracts for subsequent
sale in securitization transactions, and the need to fund Spread Accounts and
initial overcollateralization, if any, and increase Credit Enhancement levels
when those transactions take place, results in a continuing need for capital.
The amount of capital required is most heavily dependent on the rate of the
Company's Contract purchases, the required level of initial Credit Enhancement
in securitizations, and the extent to which the previously established Trusts
and their related Spread Accounts either release cash to the Company or capture
cash from collections on securitized Contracts. The Company is currently limited
in its ability to


                                       42
<PAGE>

purchase Contracts due to certain liquidity constraints. As of December 31,
2005, the Company had cash on hand of $17.8 million and available Contract
purchase commitments from its warehouse credit facilities of $314.6 million. The
Company's plans to manage the need for liquidity include the completion of
additional term securitizations that would provide additional credit
availability from the warehouse credit facilities, and matching its levels of
Contract purchases to its availability of cash. There can be no assurance that
the Company will be able to complete term securitizations on favorable economic
terms or that the Company will be able to complete term securitizations at all.
If the Company is unable to complete such securitizations, interest income and
other portfolio related income would decrease.

The Company's primary means of ensuring that its cash demands do not exceed its
cash resources is to match its levels of Contract purchases to its availability
of cash. The Company's ability to adjust the quantity of Contracts that it
purchases and securitizes will be subject to general competitive conditions and
the continued availability of warehouse credit facilities. There can be no
assurance that the desired level of Contract acquisition can be maintained or
increased. While the specific terms and mechanics of each Spread Account vary
among transactions, the Company's Securitization Agreements generally provide
that the Company will receive excess cash flows only if the amount of Credit
Enhancement has reached specified levels and/or the delinquency, defaults or net
losses related to the Contracts in the pool are below certain predetermined
levels. In the event delinquencies, defaults or net losses on the Contracts
exceed such levels, the terms of the securitization: (i) may require increased
Credit Enhancement to be accumulated for the particular pool; (ii) may restrict
the distribution to the Company of excess cash flows associated with other
pools; or (iii) in certain circumstances, may permit the insurers to require the
transfer of servicing on some or all of the Contracts to another servicer. There
can be no assurance that collections from the related Trusts will continue to
generate sufficient cash.

Certain of the Company's securitization transactions and the warehouse credit
facilities contain various financial covenants requiring certain minimum
financial ratios and results. Such covenants include maintaining minimum levels
of liquidity and net worth and not exceeding maximum leverage levels and maximum
financial losses. In addition, certain securitization and non-securitization
related debt contain cross-default provisions that would allow certain creditors
to declare a default if a default occurred under a different facility.

The Servicing Agreements of the Company's securitization transactions are
terminable by the Note Insurers in the event of certain defaults by the Company
and under certain other circumstances. Were a Note Insurer in the future to
exercise its option to terminate the Servicing Agreements, such a termination
would have a material adverse effect on the Company's liquidity and results of
operations. The Company continues to receive Servicer extensions on a monthly
and/or quarterly basis, pursuant to the Servicing Agreements.


CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

The following table summarizes the Company's material contractual obligations as
of December 31, 2005 (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            PAYMENT DUE BY PERIOD(1)
                         --------------------------------------------------------------
                                      LESS THAN      1 TO 3       3 TO 5     MORE THAN
                            TOTAL       1 YEAR       YEARS        YEARS       5 YEARS
                         ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                      <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Long Term Debt .......   $   58,866   $   55,854   $    2,642   $      279   $       91
Operating Leases .....   $   11,085   $    4,353   $    6,188   $      545   $       --
</TABLE>

- -------------------
(1)SECURITIZATION TRUST DEBT, IN THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF $924.0 MILLION AS OF
DECEMBER 31, 2005, IS OMITTED FROM THIS TABLE BECAUSE IT BECOMES DUE AS AND WHEN
THE RELATED RECEIVABLES BALANCE IS REDUCED. EXPECTED PAYMENTS, WHICH WILL DEPEND
ON THE PERFORMANCE OF SUCH RECEIVABLES, AS TO WHICH THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE,
ARE $328.7 MILLION IN 2006, $223.7 MILLION IN 2007, $160.5 MILLION IN 2008,
$114.6 MILLION IN 2009, $75.1 MILLION IN 2010, AND $21.4 MILLION IN 2011.
RESIDUAL INTEREST FINANCING, OF $43.7 MILLION AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2005, IS ALSO
OMITTED FROM THIS TABLE BECAUSE IT BECOMES DUE AS AND WHEN THE RELATED RESIDUAL
INTEREST AND SPREAD ACCOUNT BALANCES ARE REDUCED. EXPECTED PAYMENTS, WHICH WILL
DEPEND ON THE PERFORMANCE OF THE RELATED RECEIVABLES, AS TO WHICH THERE CAN BE
NO ASSURANCE, ARE $18.0 MILLION IN 2006, $14.4 MILLION IN 2007, $7.6 MILLION IN
2008 AND $3.7 MILLION IN 2009.

                                       43
<PAGE>

Long term debt includes senior secured, subordinated debt and notes payable.


CREDIT FACILITIES

The terms on which credit has been available to the Company for purchase of
Contracts have varied over the three-year period ended December 31, 2005, as
shown in the following recapitulation:

In November 2000, the Company (through its subsidiary CPS Funding LLC) entered
into a floating rate variable note purchase facility under which up to $75
million of notes could be outstanding at any time subject to collateral tests
and other conditions. The Company used funds derived from this facility to
purchase Contracts under the CPS Programs, which were pledged to secure the
notes. The collateral tests and other conditions generally allowed the Company
to borrow up to approximately 72.5% of the price paid for such Contracts. Notes
issued under this facility bore interest at one-month LIBOR plus 0.75% per
annum. This facility expired on February 21, 2004.

Additionally, in March 2002, the Company (through its subsidiary CPS Warehouse
Trust) entered into a second floating rate variable note purchase facility,
under which up to $125.0 million of notes could be outstanding at any time,
subject to collateral tests and other conditions. The Company used funds derived
from this facility to purchase Contracts under the CPS Programs and the TFC
Programs, which were pledged to secure the notes. The collateral tests and other
conditions generally allowed the Company to borrow up to approximately 73% of
the price paid for such Contracts for Contracts purchased under the CPS
Programs. Notes issued under this facility bore interest at commercial paper
plus 1.18% per annum. During November 2004, this facility was amended to allow
the Company to borrow up to approximately 70% for Contracts purchased under the
TFC Programs. This facility was due to expire on April 11, 2006, but the Company
elected to terminate it on June 29, 2005.

In connection with the TFC Merger in May 2003, the Company (through its
subsidiary TFC Warehouse I LLC) entered into a third floating rate variable note
purchase facility, under which up to $25.0 million of notes could be outstanding
at any time, subject to collateral tests and other conditions. The Company used
funds derived from this facility to purchase Contracts under the TFC Programs,
which were pledged to secure the notes. The collateral tests and other
conditions generally allowed the Company to borrow up to approximately 71% of
the price paid for such Contracts. Notes issued under this facility bore
interest at LIBOR plus 1.75% per annum. This facility expired on June 24, 2004.

In June 2004, the Company (through its subsidiary Page Funding LLC) entered into
a floating rate variable note purchase facility. Up to $200 million of notes may
be outstanding under this facility at any time subject to certain collateral
tests and other conditions. The Company uses funds derived from this facility to
purchase Contracts under the CPS Programs, which are pledged to secure the
notes. The collateral tests and other conditions generally allow the Company to
borrow up to approximately 77.0% of the price paid for such Contracts. Notes
issued under this facility bear interest at one-month LIBOR plus 1.50% per
annum. The balance of notes outstanding related to this facility at December 31,
2005 was $836,000.

In November 2005, the Company (through its subsidiary Page Three Funding LLC)
entered into a floating rate variable note purchase facility. Up to $150 million
of notes may be outstanding under this facility at any time subject to certain
collateral tests and other conditions. The Company uses funds derived from this
facility to purchase Contracts under the CPS Programs, which are pledged to
secure the notes. The collateral tests and other conditions generally allow the
Company to borrow up to approximately 80.0% of the price paid for such
Contracts. Notes issued under this facility bear interest at one-month LIBOR
plus 2.00 % per annum. The balance of notes outstanding related to this facility
at December 31, 2005 was $34.5 million.

                                       44
<PAGE>

CAPITAL RESOURCES

As noted above, $55.8 million of long-term debt matures prior to December 15,
2006, although the Company repaid $14.0 million of such debt in January 2006.
The Company plans to repay its long-term debt from a combination of the
following: (i) additional proceeds from the offering of renewable notes; (ii) a
possible transaction similar to the financing that it undertook in March 2004
and November 2005 where the Company issued notes secured by its residual
interests in securitizations; and (iii) possible senior secured financing
similar to its existing outstanding senior secured financing. There can be no
assurance that the Company will be able to complete these transactions.
Securitization trust debt is repaid from collections on the related receivables,
and becomes due in accordance with its terms as the principal amount of the
related receivables is reduced. Although the securitization trust debt also has
alternative maximum maturity dates, those dates are significantly later than the
dates at which repayment of the related receivables is anticipated, and at no
time in the Company's history have any of its sponsored asset-backed securities
reached those alternative maximum maturities.

The acquisition of Contracts for subsequent transfer in securitization
transactions, and the need to fund Spread Accounts and initial
overcollateralization, if any, when those transactions take place, results in a
continuing need for capital. The amount of capital required is most heavily
dependent on the rate of the Company's Contract purchases, the required level of
initial credit enhancement in securitizations, and the extent to which the
Trusts and related Spread Accounts either release cash to the Company or capture
cash from collections on securitized Contracts. The Company plans to adjust its
levels of Contract purchases so as to match anticipated releases of cash from
the Trusts and related Spread Accounts with its capital requirements.

                                       45
<PAGE>

CAPITALIZATION

Over the three-year period ended December 31, 2005 the Company has managed its
capitalization by issuing and restructuring debt as summarized in the following
table:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                  -----------------------------------
                                                    2005         2004          2003
                                                  ---------    ---------    ---------
                                                             (IN THOUSANDS)
RESIDUAL INTEREST FINANCING:
<S>                                               <C>          <C>          <C>
Beginning balance .............................   $  22,204    $      --    $      --
   Issuances ..................................      45,800       44,000           --
   Payments ...................................     (24,259)     (21,796)          --
                                                  ---------    ---------    ---------
Ending balance ................................   $  43,745    $  22,204    $      --
                                                  =========    =========    =========

SECURITIZATION TRUST DEBT:
Beginning balance .............................   $ 542,815    $ 245,118    $  71,630
   Assumption in connection with TFC Merger ...          --           --      115,597
   Issuances ..................................     662,350      474,720      154,375
   Payments ...................................    (281,139)    (177,023)     (96,484)
                                                  ---------    ---------    ---------
Ending balance ................................   $ 924,026    $ 542,815    $ 245,118
                                                  =========    =========    =========

SENIOR SECURED DEBT:
Beginning balance .............................   $  59,829    $  49,965    $  50,072
   Issuances ..................................          --       25,000       25,000
   Payments ...................................     (19,829)     (15,136)     (25,107)
                                                  ---------    ---------    ---------
Ending balance ................................   $  40,000    $  59,829    $  49,965
                                                  =========    =========    =========

SUBORDINATED DEBT:
Beginning balance .............................   $  15,000    $  35,000    $  36,000
   Payments ...................................      (1,000)     (20,000)      (1,000)
                                                  ---------    ---------    ---------
Ending balance ................................   $  14,000    $  15,000    $  35,000
                                                  =========    =========    =========

SUBORDINATED RENEWABLE NOTES DEBT:
Beginning balance .............................   $      --    $      --    $      --
   Issuances ..................................       4,685           --           --
   Payments ...................................         (30)          --           --
                                                  ---------    ---------    ---------
Ending balance ................................   $   4,655    $      --    $      --
                                                  =========    =========    =========

RELATED PARTY DEBT:
Beginning balance .............................   $      --    $  17,500    $  17,500
   Non-cash conversion ........................          --       (1,000)          --
   Payments ...................................          --      (16,500)          --
                                                  ---------    ---------    ---------
Ending balance ................................   $      --    $      --    $  17,500
                                                  =========    =========    =========
</TABLE>


During the first quarter of 2001, the Company purchased a total of $8,000,000 of
outstanding indebtedness held by Levine Leichtman Capital Partners II, L.P.
("LLCP") and Stanwich Financial Services Corp. ("SFSC"). The Company purchased
and retired $4,000,000 of subordinated debt held by SFSC in exchange for payment
of $3,920,000, and purchased and retired $4,000,000 of senior secured debt held
by LLCP in exchange for payment of $4,200,000. The LLCP debt by its terms called
for a prepayment penalty of 3% (or $120,000); the additional 2% (or $80,000)
paid in connection with its February 2001 prepayment was absorbed by SFSC.

In March 2002, the Company and LLCP entered into an additional series of
agreements under which LLCP provided additional funding to enable the Company to
acquire MFN Financial Corporation. Under the March 2002 agreements, the Company
borrowed $35 million from LLCP as a bridge note (the "Bridge Note") and
approximately $8.5 million (the "Term C Note") on a deemed principal amount of


                                       46
<PAGE>

approximately $11.2 million. The Bridge Note requires principal payments of $2.0
million a month, which began in June 2002, with a final balloon payment in the
amount of $17.0 million, which was made pursuant to the terms of the Bridge Note
in February 2003. The Term C Note repayment schedule is based on the performance
of a certain securitized pool. As the subordinated Note of the pool is repaid
from the Trust, principal payments are due on the Term C Note. The maturity date
of the Term C Note was March 2008. Interest was due monthly on the Bridge Note
at a rate of 13.5% per annum and on the Term C Note at a rate of 12.0% per
annum. In connection with the March 2002 agreements and the acquisition of MFN,
the Company paid LLCP a structuring fee of $1.75 million and an investment
banking fee of $1.0 million, and paid LLCP's out-of-pocket expenses of
approximately $315,000. In addition, the Company paid LLCP certain other fees
and interest amounting to $426,181. Approximately $1.4 million of the fees and
other amounts paid to LLCP were deferred as financing costs and are being
amortized over the life of the related debt. The remaining fees and other costs
were included in the purchase price of MFN.

At the time of the MFN Merger, MFN had outstanding $22.5 million in principal
amount of senior subordinated debt, which was due and repaid in full on March
23, 2002. Such debt bore interest at the rate of 11.00% per annum, payable
quarterly in arrears. At the time of the TFC Merger, TFC had outstanding $6.3
million in principal amount of subordinated debt, which the Company assumed as
part of the TFC Merger. The debt bore interest at the rate of 13.25% per annum
payable monthly in arrears, required monthly amortization and was repaid in full
in June 2005.

On February 3, 2003, the Company borrowed $25.0 million from LLCP, net of fees
and expenses of $1.05 million. The indebtedness, represented by the "Term D
Note," was originally due in April 2003, with Company options to extend the
maturity to May 2003 and January 2004, upon payment of successive extension fees
of $125,000. The Company has paid the fees to extend the maturity to January
2004. Interest on the Term D Note is payable monthly at rates that averaged
4.79% per annum through June 30, 2003, and 12.0% per annum thereafter. In a
separate transaction, the Bridge Note issued to LLCP in connection with the
acquisition of MFN, in an original principal amount of $35.0 million, was due on
February 28, 2003. The outstanding principal balance of $17.0 million was paid
in February 2003. In addition, the maturity of the Term B Note was extended in
October 2003 from November 2003 to January 2004. The Company repaid in full the
Term C Note on January 29, 2004 and repaid $10.0 million of the Term D Note on
January 15, 2004. In addition, on January 29, 2004 the maturities of the Term B
and the Term D Note were extended to December 15, 2005 and the coupons on both
notes were decreased to 11.75% per annum from 14.50% and 12.00%, respectively.
The Company paid LLCP fees equal to $921,000 for these amendments, which will be
amortized over the remaining life of the notes. The Company repaid the remaining
$19.8 million on the Term B Note in December 2005. On December 13, 2005 the
maturity of the Term D Note was extended to December 18, 2006. The Company paid
LLCP fees equal to $150,000 for this amendment, which will be amortized over the
remaining life of the note. As of December 31, 2005, the outstanding principal
balance of the Term D Note was $15.0 million.

On May 28, 2004 and June 25, 2004, the Company borrowed $15 million and $10
million, respectively, from LLCP. The indebtedness, represented by the "Term E
Note," and the "Term F Note," respectively, bears interest at 11.75% per annum.
Both the Term E Note and the Term F Note mature two years from their respective
funding dates. As of December 31, 2005, the outstanding principal balances of
the Term E Note and the Term F Note were $15.0 million and $10.0 million,
respectively.

In the second quarter of 2004, the Company retired an aggregate of $37.5 million
of long-term indebtedness, comprising (i) $20.0 million of partially convertible
debt ("Participating Equity Notes" or "PENs") issued in an April 1997 public
offering and bearing interest at 10.50% per annum, (ii) $15.0 million of debt
issued in June 1997 to SFSC on terms similar to those of the PENs, but bearing
interest at 9.00% per annum, (iii) $1.0 million of convertible debt issued in
1998 to a director of the Company, bearing interest at 12.50% per annum, and
(iv) $1.5 million of debt issued in 1999 to SFSC, bearing interest at 14.50% per
annum. The indebtedness to the director was converted, in accordance with its
terms, into common stock at the rate of $3.00 per share; the remainder of such
indebtedness was repaid.

                                       47
<PAGE>


The Company must comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants related
to debt facilities, which require, among other things, that the Company maintain
certain financial ratios related to liquidity, net worth, capitalization,
investments, acquisitions, restricted payments and certain dividend
restrictions. As a result of waivers and amendments to covenants related to
securitization and non-securitization related debt throughout 2004 and 2005, the
Company was in compliance with all such covenants as of December 31, 2005. In
addition, certain securitization and non-securitization related debt contain
cross-default provisions that would allow certain creditors to declare default
if a default occurred under a different facility.

In July 2000, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase of up to $5,000,000
of outstanding debt and equity securities of the Company, inclusive of the
mandatory annual purchase or redemption of $1,000,000 of the Company's
outstanding "RISRS" subordinated debt securities, due 2006. In October 2002, the
Board of Directors authorized the purchase of an additional $5,000,000 of
outstanding debt or equity securities. In October 2004, the Board of Directors
authorized the purchase of an additional $5,000,000 of outstanding debt or
equity securities. As of December 31, 2005, the Company had purchased $5.0
million in principal amount of the RISRS, and $5.0 million of its common stock,
representing 2,365,695 shares.


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report on Form 10-K includes certain "forward-looking statements,"
including, without limitation, the statements or implications to the effect that
prepayments as a percentage of original balances will approximate 22.2% to 35.8%
cumulatively over the lives of the related Contracts, that charge-offs as a
percentage of original balances will approximate 15.9% to 26.1% cumulatively
over the lives of the related Contracts, with recovery rates approximating 4.0%
to 5.9% of original principal balances. Other forward-looking statements may be
identified by the use of words such as "anticipates," "expects," "plans,"
"estimates," or words of like meaning. As to the specifically identified
forward-looking statements, factors that could affect charge-offs and recovery
rates include changes in the general economic climate, which could affect the
willingness or ability of obligors to pay pursuant to the terms of Contracts,
changes in laws respecting consumer finance, which could affect the ability of
the Company to enforce rights under Contracts, and changes in the market for
used vehicles, which could affect the levels of recoveries upon sale of
repossessed vehicles. Factors that could affect the Company's revenues in the
current year include the levels of cash releases from existing pools of
Contracts, which would affect the Company's ability to purchase Contracts, the
terms on which the Company is able to finance such purchases, the willingness of
Dealers to sell Contracts to the Company on the terms that it offers, and the
terms on which the Company is able to complete term securitizations once
Contracts are acquired. Factors that could affect the Company's expenses in the
current year include competitive conditions in the market for qualified
personnel, and interest rates (which affect the rates that the Company pays on
Notes issued in its securitizations). The statements concerning the Company
structuring future securitization transactions as secured financings and the
effects of such structures on financial items and on the Company's future
profitability also are forward-looking statements. Any change to the structure
of the Company's securitization transaction could cause such forward-looking
statements not to be accurate. Both the amount of the effect of the change in
structure on the Company's profitability and the duration of the period in which
the Company's profitability would be affected by the change in securitization
structure are estimates. The accuracy of such estimates will be affected by the
rate at which the Company purchases and sells Contracts, any changes in that
rate, the credit performance of such Contracts, the financial terms of future
securitizations, any changes in such terms over time, and other factors that
generally affect the Company's profitability.

                                       48
<PAGE>

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued FASB
Statement No. 123(R) (as amended), "Share-Based Payment" ("FAS 123(R)" or the
"Statement"). FAS 123 (R) and related interpretations require that the
compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions, including grants
of employee stock options, be recognized in financial statements. That cost will
be measured based on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments
issued. FAS 123(R) permits entities to use any option-pricing model that meets
the fair value objective in the Statement. (Modifications of share-based
payments will be treated as replacement awards with the cost of the incremental
value recorded in the financial statements.)

The Statement is effective at the beginning of 2006 and will therefore be
effective for the Company's first quarter of 2006. As of the effective date, the
Company will apply the Statement using a modified version of prospective
application. Under that transition method, compensation cost is recognized for
(1) all awards granted after the required effective date and to awards modified,
cancelled, or repurchased after that date and (2) the portion of prior awards
for which the requisite service has not yet been rendered, based on the
grant-date fair value of those awards calculated for pro forma disclosures under
SFAS 123. As a result of the acceleration of vesting on all options outstanding
in December 2005 (see Note 9) there will be no effect on the Company's adoption
of the statement in 2006 relating to such options currently outstanding.

In February 2006, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 155, "Accounting for
Certain Hybrid Instruments". This statement amends the guidance in FASB
Statements No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities", and No. 140, ""Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial
Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities".

Statement 155 allows financial instruments that have embedded derivatives to be
accounted for as a whole (eliminating the need to bifurcate the derivative from
its host) if the holder elects to account for the whole instrument on a fair
value basis. The Statement also amends Statement 140 to eliminate the
prohibition on a qualifying special-purpose entity from holding a derivative
financial instrument that pertains to a beneficial interest other than another
derivative financial instrument.

Statement 155 is effective for all financial instruments acquired or issued
after January 1, 2007. The Company does not believe the adoption of this
statement will have a material effect on the Company's financial position or
operations.


OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

Prior to July 2003, the Company structured its securitization transactions to
meet the accounting criteria for sales of finance receivables. In this structure
the notes issued by the Company's special purpose subsidiary do not appear as
debt on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. See Critical Accounting
Policies for a detailed discussion of the Company's securitization structure.


ITEM 7a. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

INTEREST RATE RISK

The Company is subject to interest rate risk during the period between when
Contracts are purchased from Dealers and when such Contracts become part of a
term securitization. Specifically, the interest rates on the warehouse
facilities are adjustable while the interest rates on the Contracts are fixed.
Historically, the Company's term securitization facilities have had fixed rates
of interest. To mitigate some of this risk, the Company has in the past, and
intends to continue to, structure certain of its securitization transactions to
include pre-funding structures, whereby the amount of Notes issued exceeds the
amount of Contracts initially sold to the Trusts. In pre-funding, the proceeds


                                       49
<PAGE>

from the pre-funded portion are held in an escrow account until the Company
sells the additional Contracts to the Trust in amounts up to the balance of the
pre-funded escrow account. In pre-funded securitizations, the Company locks in
the borrowing costs with respect to the Contracts it subsequently delivers to
the Trust. However, the Company incurs an expense in pre-funded securitizations
equal to the difference between the money market yields earned on the proceeds
held in escrow prior to subsequent delivery of Contracts and the interest rate
paid on the Notes outstanding, the amount as to which there can be no assurance.


The following table provides information on the Company's interest
rate-sensitive financial instruments by expected maturity date as of December
31, 2005:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     2006           2007            2008          2009           2010       THEREAFTER    FAIR VALUE
                                  -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                                             (In thousands)
<S>                               <C>            <C>           <C>             <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
Assets:
Finance receivables(1) ........   $   346,881    $   265,019   $    190,962    $   138,300   $    90,723    $   26,741    $1,058,626
   Weighted average fixed
    effective interest rate ...         18.29%         18.56%         18.56%         18.49%        18.44%        18.37%

LIABILITIES:
Warehouse lines
   of credit ..................        35,350             --             --             --            --            --        35,350
   Weighted average variable
    effective interest rate....          6.36%
Residual interest
   financing ..................        17,986         14,435          7,644          3,680            --            --        43,745
    Fixed interest rate .......          8.36%          8.36%          8.36%          8.36%
Securitization
   trust debt .................       328,007        224,651        160,530        113,996        75,101        21,741       914,901
   Weighted average fixed
    effective interest rate ...          3.95%          4.09%          4.13%          4.28%         4.36%         4.73%
Senior secured debt ...........        40,000             --             --             --            --            --        40,000
    Fixed interest rate .......         11.75%
Subordinated renewable notes ..         1,643            909          1,562            171           279            91         4,655
   Weighted average fixed
    effective interest rate ...          6.75%          8.42%          9.61%          9.10%        10.10%         9.53%
Subordinated debt .............        14,000             --             --             --            --            --        14,000
    Fixed interest rate .......         12.50%
</TABLE>

- -------------------
(1) INCLUDES APPROXIMATELY $58.0 MILLION IN UNFUNDED CONTRACTS THAT ARE INCLUDED
IN RESTRICTED CASH AT DECEMBER 31, 2005 AS A RESULT OF A PREFUNDING STRUCTURE.

Much of the information used to determine fair value is highly subjective. When
applicable, readily available market information has been utilized. However, for
a significant portion of the Company's financial instruments, active markets do
not exist. Therefore, considerable judgments were required in estimating fair
value for certain items. The subjective factors include, among other things, the
estimated timing and amount of cash flows, risk characteristics, credit quality
and interest rates, all of which are subject to change. Since the fair value is
estimated as of the dates shown in the table, the amounts that will actually be
realized or paid at settlement or maturity of the instruments could be
significantly different.


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

This report includes Consolidated Financial Statements, notes thereto and an
Independent Auditors' Report, at the pages indicated below. Certain unaudited
quarterly financial information is included in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, as Note 18.

                                       50
<PAGE>

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

On October 16, 2004, the Company notified KPMG LLP ("KPMG") that KPMG's
appointment as the Company's independent auditor would cease upon completion of
the review of the Company's consolidated financial statements as of and for the
three- and nine- month periods ended September 30, 2004. The Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors of the Company approved the decision to terminate such
appointment. KPMG's audit reports on the Company's financial statements for the
two fiscal years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively, did not contain
an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or
modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles.

On November 15, 2004, KPMG completed its review of the Company's consolidated
financial statements as of and for the three- and nine- month periods ended
September 30, 2004. KPMG's appointment as the Company's independent auditor
ended at that time. On November 23, 2004 the Company engaged McGladrey & Pullen,
LLP to perform the audit of the Company's consolidated financial statements as
of and for the year ending December 31, 2004.

In connection with its audits of the Company's financial statements for the two
fiscal years ended December 31, 2002 and 2003, and through November 15, 2004:

a) there were no disagreements between the Company and KPMG on any matter of
accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing
scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to KPMG's satisfaction,
would have caused KPMG to make reference to the subject matter of the
disagreements in connection with its opinions on the financial statements; and

b) there were no reportable events (as specified in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of
Regulation S-K).


ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

QUARTERLY EVALUATION OF THE COMPANY'S DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The Company maintains a system of internal controls and procedures designed to
provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of its published financial
statements and other disclosures included in this report. As of the end of the
period covered by this report, The Company evaluated the effectiveness of the
design and operation of such disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that
evaluation, the principal executive officer (Charles E. Bradley, Jr.) and the
principal financial officer (Robert E. Riedl) concluded that the disclosure
controls and procedures are effective in recording, processing, summarizing and
reporting, on a timely basis, material information relating to the Company that
is required to be included in its reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. There have been no significant changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.


CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATIONS

Immediately following the Signatures section of this Annual Report, there are
two separate forms of "Certifications" of the CEO and the CFO. The first form of
Certification (the Rule 13a-14 Certification) is required by Rule 13a-14 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). This Controls and
Procedures section of the Annual Report includes the information concerning the
Controls Evaluation referred to in the Rule 13a-14 Certifications and it should
be read in conjunction with the Rule 13a-14 Certifications for a more complete
understanding of the topics presented.

                                       51
<PAGE>


DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

Disclosure Controls are procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual
Report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's (the "SEC") rules and
forms. Disclosure Controls are also designed to ensure that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including the CEO and CFO, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Internal
Controls are procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that (1) our
transactions are properly authorized; (2) our assets are safeguarded against
unauthorized or improper use; and (3) our transactions are properly recorded and
reported, all to permit the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.


LIMITATIONS ON THE EFFECTIVENESS OF CONTROLS

The Company's management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our
Disclosure Controls or our Internal Controls will prevent all error and all
fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system's objectives
will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that
there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been
detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in
decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple
error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of
some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of
the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with its policies or
procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.


SCOPE OF THE CONTROLS EVALUATION

The evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and our Internal Controls included a
review of the controls' objectives and design, the Company's implementation of
the controls and the effect of the controls on the information generated for use
in this Annual Report. In the course of the Controls Evaluation, we sought to
identify data errors, controls problems or acts of fraud and confirm that
appropriate corrective actions, including process improvements, were being
undertaken. This type of evaluation is performed on a quarterly basis so that
the conclusions of management, including the CEO and CFO, concerning controls
effectiveness can be reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Our Internal Controls are also evaluated by other personnel
in our organization, as well as independent interested third parties such as
financial guaranty insurers or their designees. The overall goals of these
various evaluation activities are to monitor our Disclosure Controls and our
Internal Controls, and to modify them as necessary; our intent is to maintain
the Disclosure Controls and the Internal Controls as dynamic systems that change
as conditions warrant.

Among other matters, we sought in our evaluation to determine whether there were
any "significant deficiencies" or "material weaknesses" in the Company's
Internal Controls, and whether the Company had identified any acts of fraud
involving personnel with a significant role in the Company's Internal Controls.
This information was important both for the Controls Evaluation generally, and
because items 5 and 6 in the Rule 13a-14 Certifications of the CEO and CFO
require that the CEO and CFO disclose that information to our Board's Audit
Committee and our independent auditors, and report on related matters in this
section of the Annual Report. In professional auditing literature, "significant


                                       52
<PAGE>

deficiencies" are referred to as "reportable conditions," which are control
issues that could have a significant adverse effect on the ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial data in the Consolidated Financial
Statements. Auditing literature defines "material weakness" as a particularly
serious reportable condition where the internal control does not reduce to a
relatively low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud may
occur in amounts that would be material in relation to the Consolidated
Financial Statements and the risk that such misstatements would not be detected
within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their
assigned functions. We also sought to deal with other controls matters in the
Controls Evaluation, and in each case if a problem was identified, we considered
what revision, improvement and/or correction to make in accordance with our
ongoing procedures.


CONCLUSIONS

Based upon the Controls Evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, subject
to the limitations noted above, our Disclosure Controls are effective to ensure
that material information relating to Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. and its
consolidated subsidiaries is made known to management, including the CEO and
CFO, particularly during the period when our periodic reports are being
prepared, and that our Internal Controls are effective to provide reasonable
assurance that our Consolidated Financial Statements are fairly presented in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.


ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

Not Applicable

                                       53
<PAGE>

                                    PART III


ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Information regarding directors of the registrant is incorporated by reference
to the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of
shareholders to be held in 2006 (the "2006 Proxy Statement"). The 2006 Proxy
Statement will be filed not later than April 30, 2006. Information regarding
executive officers of the registrant appears in Part I of this report, and is
incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Incorporated by reference to the 2006 Proxy Statement.


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Incorporated by reference to the 2006 Proxy Statement.


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Incorporated by reference to the 2006 Proxy Statement.


ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Incorporated by reference to the 2006 Proxy Statement.

                                       54
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV


ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

The financial statements listed below under the caption "Index to Financial
Statements" are filed as a part of this report. No financial statement schedules
are filed as the required information is inapplicable or the information is
presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the related notes.
Separate financial statements of the Company have been omitted as the Company is
primarily an operating company and its subsidiaries are wholly owned and do not
have minority equity interests and/or indebtedness to any person other than the
Company in amounts which together exceed 5% of the total consolidated assets as
shown by the most recent year-end Consolidated Balance Sheet.

The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this report, whether filed
herewith or incorporated by reference to an exhibit filed with the report
identified in the parentheses following the description of such exhibit. Unless
otherwise indicated, each such identified report was filed by or with respect to
the registrant.

Exhibit
 Number                                DESCRIPTION
 ------                                -----------

  2.1      Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 18, 2001, by and
           among the Registrant, CPS Mergersub, Inc. and MFN Financial
           Corporation. (Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2001 by MFN Financial
           Corporation).

  3.1      Restated Articles of Incorporation (See Exh 3.1 to Form S-2, No.
           333-121913)

  3.2      Amended and Restated Bylaws (See Exh 3.2 to Form S-2, No. 333-121913)

  4.1      Indenture re Rising Interest Subordinated Redeemable Securities
           ("RISRS") (See Exh 4.1 to Form S-2, No. 33-99652)

  4.1.1    First Supplemental Indenture re RISRS (See Exh 4.2 to Form S-2, No.
           33-99652)

  4.2      Form of Indenture re Renewable Unsecured Subordinated Notes ("RUS
           Notes"), (See Exh 4.1 to Form S-2, no. 333-121913)

  4.2.1    Form of RUS Notes, (See Exh 4.2 to Form S-2, no. 333-121913)

  4.5      Third Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement ("3rd SPA")
           dated as of January 29, 2004, between the registrant and Levine
           Leichtman Capital Partners II, L.P. ("LLCP") (see Exhibit 99.16 to
           the Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the registrant on
           February 3, 2004)

  4.5.1    Amendment to the 3rd SPA, dated as of March 25, 2004. (see Exhibit
           99.22 to the Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the
           registrant on June 4, 2004)

  4.5.2    Amendment to the 3rd SPA, dated as of April 2, 2004. (see Exhibit
           99.23 to the Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the
           registrant on June 4, 2004)

  4.5.3    Amendment to the 3rd SPA, dated as of May 28, 2004. (see Exhibit
           99.25 to the Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the
           registrant on June 4, 2004)

  4.5.4    Amendment to the 3rd SPA, dated as of June 25, 2004. (see Exhibit
           99.29 to the Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the
           registrant on June 29, 2004)

  4.6      Amended and Restated Secured Senior Note due December 15, 2005 (see
           Exhibit 99.18 to the Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the
           registrant on February 3, 2004)

  4.6.1    Amendment to Amended and Restated Secured Senior Note due December
           15, 2005 (filed herewith)

  4.7      11.75% Secured Senior Note Due 2006 (see Exhibit 99.26 to the
           Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the registrant on June 4,
           2004)

  4.8      11.75% Secured Senior Note Due 2006 (see Exhibit 99.30 to the
           Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the registrant on June 29,
           2004)

                                       55
<PAGE>

  4.9      Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2002, among the
           Registrant, CPS Auto Receivables Trust 2002-A, CPS Receivables Corp.,
           Systems & Services Technologies, Inc. and Bank One Trust Company,
           N.A. (Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2002).

  4.10     Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2002, between CPS Auto Receivables
           Trust 2002-A and Bank One Trust Company, N.A. (Form 8-K filed on
           March 25, 2002).

  10.1     1991 Stock Option Plan & forms of Option Agreements thereunder (See
           Exh 10.19 to Form S-2, no. 333-121913)

  10.2     1997 Long-Term Incentive Stock Plan ("1997 Plan") (See Exh 10.20 to
           Form S-2, no. 333-121913)

  10.2.1   Form of Option Agreement under 1997 Plan. (filed herewith)

  10.3     Lease Agreement re Chesapeake Collection Facility (see Exhibit 10.11
           to registrant's Form 10-K filed March 31, 1997)

  10.4     Lease of Headquarters Building (see Exhibit 10.22 to registrant's
           Form 10-Q filed Nov. 14, 1997)

  10.5     Amended & Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement dated June 29, 2005
           by and among Page Funding LLC ("PFLLC"), the registrant and Wells
           Fargo Bank, N.A. ("WFBNA") (see Exh 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed August 9,
           2005)

  10.6     Annex A to Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.5 (see Exh 10.2 to Form 10-Q
           filed August 9, 2005)

  10.7     Indenture dated as of June 30, 2004 by and among PFLLC, UBS Real
           Estate Securities, Inc. ("UBSRES") and WFBNA (See Exh 10.37 to Form
           S-2, no. 333-121913)

  10.7.1   Supplement to Indenture filed as Exhibit 10.7 (see Exh 10.3 to Form
           10-Q filed August 9, 2005)

  10.8     Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 30, 2004 by and among PFLLC,
           UBSRES and WFBNA (See Exh 10.38 to Form S-2, no. 333-121913)

  10.8.1   Amendment to Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.8 (see Exh 10.4 to Form
           10-Q filed August 9, 2005)

  10.9     Amended & Restated Variable Funding Note dated June 29, 2005 by PFLLC
           (see Exh 10.5 to Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2005)

  10.10    Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of November 15, 2005, among
           Page Three Funding LLC ("P3FLLC"), the registrant and WFBNA. (filed
           herewith)

  10.11    Indenture dated as of November 15, 2005 between P3FLLC and WFBNA
           (filed herewith)

  10.12    Note Purchase Agreement dated as of November 15, 2005 among P3FLLC,
           the registrant and Bear, Stearns International Limited (filed
           herewith)

  10.13    Amendment to Master Spread Account Agreement (Form 10-K dated
           December 31, 1999)

  14       Registrant's Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers (filed
           herewith)

  21       List of subsidiaries of the registrant (filed herewith)

  23.1     Consent of McGladrey & Pullen, LLP (filed herewith)

  23.2     Consent of KPMG, LLP (filed herewith)

  31.1     Rule 13a-14(a) certification by chief executive officer (filed
           herewith)

  31.2     Rule 13a-14(a) certification by chief financial officer (filed
           herewith)

  32       Section 1350 certification (filed herewith)




                                       56
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                 CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. (REGISTRANT)

March 10, 2006                   By:    /s/ Charles E. Bradley, Jr.
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Charles E. Bradley, Jr., PRESIDENT


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

March 10, 2006                          /s/ Charles E. Bradley, Jr.
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Charles E. Bradley, Jr., DIRECTOR,
                                        PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                                        (PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER)


March 10, 2006                          /s/ E. Bruce Fredrikson
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        E. Bruce Fredrikson, DIRECTOR


March 10, 2006                          /s/ John E. McConnaughy, Jr.
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        John E. McConnaughy, Jr., DIRECTOR


March 10, 2006                          /s/ John G. Poole
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        John G. Poole, DIRECTOR


March 10, 2006                          /s/ William B. Roberts
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        William B. Roberts, DIRECTOR


March 10, 2006                          /s/ John C. Warner
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        John C. Warner, DIRECTOR


March 10, 2006                          /s/ Daniel S. Wood
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Daniel S. Wood, DIRECTOR


March 10, 2006                          /s/ Robert E. Riedl
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Robert E. Riedl, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
                                        (PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER)


March 10, 2006                          /s/ Jeffrey P. Fritz
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Jeffrey P. Fritz, SR. VICE PRESIDENT
                                        (PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER)


                                       57
<PAGE>

                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                          PAGE
                                                                       REFERENCE
                                                                       ---------
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - McGladrey
    & Pullen, LLP.....................................................    F-2
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - KPMG, LLP...    F-3
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2005 and 2004..........    F-4
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December
    31, 2005, 2004, and 2003..........................................    F-5
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years
    ended December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003...........................    F-6
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended
    December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003.................................    F-7
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December
    31, 2005, 2004, and 2003..........................................    F-8
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended
    December 31, 2005, 2004, and 2003.................................   F-10

<PAGE>

             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


To the Board of Directors

Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc.:



We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Consumer Portfolio Services,
Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss),
shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2005. These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Consumer Portfolio
Services, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in
the period ended December 31, 2005, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles.





/s/ McGladrey & Pullen, LLP



Irvine, California
February 24, 2006



                                      F-2
<PAGE>

             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


The Board of Directors

Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc.:



We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity, and cash flows of Consumer
Portfolio Services, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") for the year ended
December 31, 2003. These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the results of operations and cash flows of
Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. and subsidiaries for the year ended December
31, 2003, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.




/s/ KPMG LLP


Orange County, California
March 15, 2004


                                      F-3
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA)


                                                     December 31,   December 31,
                                                        2005           2004
                                                     -----------    -----------
ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents                            $    17,789    $    14,366
Restricted cash and equivalents                          157,662        125,113

Finance receivables                                      971,304        592,806
Less: Allowance for finance credit losses                (57,728)       (42,615)
                                                     -----------    -----------
Finance receivables, net                                 913,576        550,191

Residual interest in securitizations                      25,220         50,430
Furniture and equipment, net                               1,079          1,567
Deferred financing costs                                   8,596          5,096
Deferred tax assets, net                                   7,532             --
Accrued interest receivable                               10,930          6,411
Other assets                                              12,760         13,425
                                                     -----------    -----------
                                                     $ 1,155,144    $   766,599
                                                     ===========    ===========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued expenses                $    19,568    $    18,153
Warehouse lines of credit                                 35,350         34,279
Tax liabilities, net                                          --          2,978
Notes payable                                                211          1,421
Residual interest financing                               43,745         22,204
Securitization trust debt                                924,026        542,815
Senior secured debt, related party                        40,000         59,829
Subordinated renewable notes                               4,655             --
Subordinated debt                                         14,000         15,000
                                                     -----------    -----------
                                                       1,081,555        696,679
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Shareholders' Equity
Preferred stock, $1 par value;
   authorized 5,000,000 shares; none issued                   --             --
Series A preferred stock, $1 par value;
   authorized 5,000,000 shares;
   3,415,000 shares issued; none outstanding                  --             --
Common stock, no par value; authorized
   30,000,000 shares; 21,687,584 and 21,471,478
   shares issued and outstanding at December 31,
   2005 and December 31, 2004, respectively               66,748         66,283
Additional paid in capital, warrants                         794             --
Retained earnings                                          8,476          5,104
Accumulated other comprehensive loss                      (2,429)        (1,017)
Deferred compensation                                         --           (450)
                                                     -----------    -----------
                                                          73,589         69,920

                                                     -----------    -----------
                                                     $ 1,155,144    $   766,599
                                                     ===========    ===========


          SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)


                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                             ----------------------------------
                                               2005        2004         2003
                                             ---------   ---------    ---------
Revenues:
Net gain on sale of contracts                $      --   $      --    $  10,421
Interest income                                171,834     105,818       58,164
Servicing fees                                   6,647      12,480       17,058
Other income                                    15,216      14,394       19,343
                                             ---------   ---------    ---------
                                               193,697     132,692      104,986
                                             ---------   ---------    ---------

Expenses:
Employee costs                                  40,384      38,173       37,141
General and administrative                      23,095      21,293       21,271
Interest                                        44,148      25,876       17,867
Interest, related party                          7,521       6,271        5,994
Provision for credit losses                     58,987      32,574       11,390
Impairment loss on residual asset                   --      11,750        4,052
Marketing                                       12,000       8,338        5,380
Occupancy                                        3,400       3,520        3,930
Depreciation and amortization                      790         785        1,000
                                             ---------   ---------    ---------
                                               190,325     148,580      108,025
                                             ---------   ---------    ---------
Income (loss) before income tax benefit          3,372     (15,888)      (3,039)
Income tax benefit                                  --          --       (3,434)
                                             ---------   ---------    ---------
Net income (loss)                            $   3,372   $ (15,888)   $     395
                                             =========   =========    =========

Earnings (loss) per share:
  Basic                                      $    0.16   $   (0.75)   $    0.02
  Diluted                                         0.14       (0.75)        0.02

Number of shares used in computing
earnings (loss) per share:
  Basic                                         21,627      21,111       20,263
  Diluted                                       23,513      21,111       21,578


          SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                      F-5
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)


                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                               --------------------------------
                                                 2005        2004        2003
                                               --------    --------    --------

Net income (loss)                              $  3,372    $(15,888)   $    395
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Minimum pension liability, net of tax            (1,412)      1,409        (832)
                                               --------    --------    --------
Comprehensive income (loss)                    $  1,960    $(14,479)   $   (437)
                                               ========    ========    ========


          SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.


                                      F-6
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                                         (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                             Additional              Accumulated
                                                              Paid-in                   Other
                                          Common Stock        Capital,   Retained   Comprehensive     Deferred
                                       Shares      Amount     Warrants   Earnings       Loss        Compensation     Total
                                      --------    --------    --------   --------    -----------    ------------    --------
<S>                                     <C>       <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>            <C>             <C>
Balance at December 31, 2002            20,528    $ 63,929    $     --   $ 20,597    $    (1,594)   $       (358)   $ 82,574

Common stock issued upon exercise
  of options, including tax benefit        609         974          --         --             --              --         974
Purchase of common stock                  (548)     (1,195)         --         --             --              --      (1,195)
Pension benefit obligation                  --          --          --         --           (832)             --        (832)
Repurchase of warrants issued               --        (896)         --         --             --              --        (896)
Deferred compensation on
   stock options                            --       1,585          --         --             --          (1,585)         --
Amortization of stock compensation          --          --          --         --             --           1,140       1,140
Net income                                  --          --          --        395             --              --         395
                                      --------    --------    --------   --------    -----------    ------------    --------
Balance at December 31,2003             20,589      64,397          --     20,992         (2,426)           (803)     82,160

Common stock issued upon exercise
  of options, including tax benefit        575       1,079          --         --             --              --       1,079
Common stock issued upon
   conversion of debt                      333       1,000          --         --             --              --       1,000
Purchase of common stock                   (26)       (111)         --         --             --              --        (111)
Pension benefit obligation                  --          --          --         --          1,409              --       1,409
Deferred compensation on
   stock options                            --         (82)         --         --             --              82          --
Amortization of stock compensation          --          --          --         --             --             271         271
Net loss                                    --          --          --    (15,888)            --              --     (15,888)
                                      --------    --------    --------   --------    -----------    ------------    --------
Balance at December 31, 2004            21,471      66,283          --      5,104         (1,017)           (450)     69,920

Common stock issued upon exercise
  of options, including tax benefit        415       1,311          --         --             --              --       1,311
Purchase of common stock                  (199)     (1,040)         --         --             --              --      (1,040)
Pension benefit obligation                  --          --          --         --         (1,412)             --      (1,412)
Valuation of warrants issued                --          --         794         --             --              --         794
Deferred compensation on
   stock options                            --         194          --         --             --            (194)         --
Amortization of stock compensation          --          --          --         --             --             644         644
Net income                                  --          --          --      3,372             --              --       3,372
                                      --------    --------    --------   --------    -----------    ------------    --------
Balance at December 31, 2005            21,687    $ 66,748    $    794   $  8,476    $    (2,429)   $         --    $ 73,589
                                      ========    ========    ========   ========    ===========    ============    ========

                                  SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</TABLE>

                                                              F-7
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                         (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                     -----------------------------------
                                                                       2005          2004         2003
                                                                     ---------    ---------    ---------
<S>                                                                  <C>          <C>          <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net income (loss)                                                 $   3,372    $ (15,888)   $     395
   Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
   provided by operating activities:
     Reversal of restructuring accrual                                      --       (1,287)          --
     Impairment loss on residual asset                                      --       11,750        4,052
     Amortization of deferred acquisition fees                         (10,851)      (6,725)        (870)
     Amortization of discount on Class B Notes                           1,486          588           --
     Depreciation and amortization                                         790          785        1,000
     Amortization of deferred financing costs                            3,296        3,479        2,695
     Provision for credit losses                                        58,987       32,574       11,916
     Gain of sale of Contracts, NIR                                         --           --       (4,381)
     Deferred compensation                                                 644          271        1,140
     Releases of cash from Trusts to Company                            23,074       21,357       25,934
     Initial deposits to Trusts                                             --           --      (18,736)
     Net deposits to Trusts to increase Credit Enhancement                  --       (2,858)     (20,867)
     Interest income on residual assets                                 (5,338)      (4,633)     (16,178)
     Cash received from residual interest in securitizations            30,548       54,154       45,644
     Impairment charge against non-auto finanace receivable assets       1,882           --           --
     Changes in assets and liabilities:
       Payments on restructuring accrual                                (1,425)      (1,969)      (1,804)
       Restricted cash and equivalents                                 (55,623)     (76,336)     (30,641)
       Purchases of contracts held for sale                                 --           --     (182,045)
       Proceeds received on Contracts held for sale                         --           --      283,423
       Other assets                                                     (5,578)      (5,415)       6,936
       Deferred tax assets, net                                         (7,532)          --           --
       Accounts payable and accrued expenses                             1,928          715       (1,559)
       Tax liabilities                                                  (2,978)        (606)      (7,162)
                                                                     ---------    ---------    ---------
          Net cash provided by operating activities                     36,682        9,956       98,892
                                                                     ---------    ---------    ---------

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Purchases of finance receivables held for investment               (691,252)    (505,977)    (175,275)
   Purchases of note receivable                                             --       (2,799)          --
   Proceeds received on finance receivables held for investment        279,730      196,126        6,611
   Purchase of furniture and equipment                                    (166)      (1,408)         (93)
   Purchase of subsidiary, net of cash acquired                             --           --      (10,181)
                                                                     ---------    ---------    ---------
          Net cash used in investing activities                       (411,688)    (314,058)    (178,938)
                                                                     ---------    ---------    ---------

Cash flows from financing activities:
   Proceeds from issuance of residual financing debt                    45,800       44,000           --
   Proceeds from issuance of securitization trust debt                 662,350      474,720      154,375
   Proceeds from issuance of senior secured debt, related party             --       25,000       25,000
   Proceeds from issuance of subordinated renewable notes                4,685           --           --
   Net proceeds from warehouse lines of credit                           1,071          570       31,332
   Repayment of residual interest financing debt                       (24,259)     (21,796)          --
   Repayment of securitization trust debt                             (282,625)    (177,611)     (96,484)
   Repayment of senior secured debt, related party                     (19,829)     (15,137)     (25,107)
   Repayment of subordinated debt and renewable notes                   (1,030)     (20,000)      (1,000)
   Repayment of notes payable                                           (1,209)      (1,909)      (3,748)
   Repayment of related party debt                                          --      (16,500)          --
   Payment of financing costs                                           (6,796)      (7,046)      (2,553)
   Repurchase of common stock                                           (1,040)        (111)      (1,195)
   Repurchase of warrants issued                                            --           --         (896)
   Exercise of options and warrants                                      1,311        1,079          584
                                                                     ---------    ---------    ---------
          Net cash provided by financing activities                    378,429      285,259       80,308

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                         3,423      (18,843)         262

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                        14,366       33,209       32,947
                                                                     ---------    ---------    ---------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                           $  17,789    $  14,366    $  33,209
                                                                     =========    =========    =========

                  SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                              F-8
<PAGE>

                       CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                         (IN THOUSANDS)


                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                     -----------------------------------
                                                                       2005          2004         2003
                                                                     ---------    ---------    ---------
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
   Cash paid during the period for:
        Interest                                                     $  45,929    $  28,228    $  18,677
        Income taxes                                                     9,377          420        3,728

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:
      Stock-based compensation                                       $     644    $     271    $   1,140
      Conversion of related party debt to common stock                      --       (1,000)          --
      Pension benefit obligation, net                                    1,412       (1,409)         832
      Value of warrants issued                                             794           --           --


                  SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                              F-9
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. ("CPS") was incorporated in California on
March 8, 1991. CPS and its subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company") specialize
in purchasing, selling and servicing retail automobile installment sale
contracts ("Contracts") originated by licensed motor vehicle dealers ("Dealers")
located throughout the United States. Dealers located in Texas, California, Ohio
and Florida represented 10.7%, 9.0%, 7.5% and 7.1%, respectively of Contracts
purchased during 2005 compared with 12.1%, 8.6%, 5.1% and 6.1%, respectively in
2004. No other state had a concentration in excess of 7.0%. The Company
specializes in Contracts with obligors who generally would not be expected to
qualify for traditional financing, such as that provided by commercial banks or
automobile manufacturers' captive finance companies.

The Company is subject to various regulations and laws as they relate to the
extension of credit in consumer credit transactions. Although the Company
believes it is currently in material compliance with these regulation and laws,
there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to maintain such
compliance. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could have a
material adverse effect on the Company.


ACQUISITIONS

On March 8, 2002, the Company acquired MFN Financial Corporation and its
subsidiaries in a merger (the "MFN Merger"). On May 20, 2003, the Company
acquired TFC Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries in a second merger (the "TFC
Merger"). Each merger was accounted for as a purchase. MFN Financial Corporation
and its subsidiaries ("MFN") and TFC Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries
("TFC") were engaged in businesses similar to that of the Company: buying
Contracts from Dealers, financing those Contracts through securitization
transactions, and servicing those Contracts. MFN ceased acquiring Contracts in
March 2002; TFC continues to acquire Contracts under its "TFC Programs."

On April 2, 2004, the Company purchased a portfolio of Contracts and certain
other assets (the "SeaWest Asset Acquisition") from SeaWest Financial
Corporation ("SeaWest"). In addition, the Company was named the successor
servicer for three term securitization transactions originally sponsored by
SeaWest (the "SeaWest Third Party Portfolio"). The Company does not intend to
offer financing programs similar to those previously offered by SeaWest.


PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Consumer Portfolio
Services, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, certain of which are Special
Purpose Subsidiaries ("SPS"), formed to accommodate the structures under which
the Company purchases and securitizes its Contracts. The Consolidated Financial
Statements also include the accounts of CPS Leasing, Inc., an 80% owned
subsidiary. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.

                                      F-10
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

For purposes of the statements of cash flows, the Company considers all highly
liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less to be
cash equivalents. Cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and due from banks
and money market accounts. The Company's cash is primarily deposited at three
financial institutions. The Company maintains cash due from banks in excess of
the bank's insured deposit limits. The Company does not believe it is exposed to
any significant credit risk on these deposits. As part of certain financial
covenants related to debt facilities, the Company is required to maintain a
minimum unrestricted cash balance.


FINANCE RECEIVABLES, NET OF UNEARNED INCOME

Finance receivables are presented at cost. All Finance receivable Contracts are
held for investment and include automobile installment sales contracts on which
interest is pre-computed and added to the amount financed. The interest on such
Contracts is included in unearned finance charges. Unearned finance charges are
amortized using the interest method over the contractual term of the
receivables. Generally, payments received on finance receivables are restricted
to certain securitized pools, and the related Contracts cannot be resold.
Finance receivables are charged off pursuant to the controlling documents of
certain securitized pools, generally before they become contractually delinquent
five payments. Contracts that are deemed uncollectible prior to the maximum
delinquency period are charged off immediately. Management may authorize an
extension of payment terms if collection appears likely during the next calendar
month.

The Company's portfolio of finance receivables is comprised of smaller-balance
homogeneous Contracts that are collectively evaluated for impairment on a
portfolio basis. The Company reports delinquency on a contractual basis. Once a
Contract becomes greater than 90 days delinquent, the Company does not recognize
additional interest income until the borrower under the Contract makes
sufficient payments to be less than 90 days delinquent. Any payments received by
a borrower that is greater than 90 days delinquent is first applied to accrued
interest and then to principal reduction.


ALLOWANCE FOR FINANCE CREDIT LOSSES

In order to estimate an appropriate allowance for losses to be incurred on
finance receivables, the Company uses a loss allowance methodology commonly
referred to as "static pooling," which stratifies its finance receivable
portfolio into separately identified pools. Using analytical and formula driven
techniques, the Company estimates an allowance for finance credit losses, which
management believes is adequate for probable credit losses that can be
reasonably estimated in its portfolio of finance receivable Contracts. Provision
for loss is charged to the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. Net
losses incurred on finance receivables are charged to the allowance. Management
evaluates the adequacy of the allowance by examining current delinquencies, the
characteristics of the portfolio, the value of the underlying collateral and
historical loss trends. As conditions change, the Company's level of
provisioning and/or allowance may change as well.


CHARGE OFF POLICY

Delinquent Contracts for which the related financed vehicle has been repossessed
are generally charged off no later than the month in which the proceeds from the
sale of the financed vehicle were received (see Repossessed and Other Assets
below). The amount charged off is the remaining principal balance of the
Contract, after the application of the net proceeds from the liquidation of the
financed vehicle. With respect to delinquent Contracts for which the related
financed vehicle has not been sold, the remaining principal balance thereof is
generally charged off no later than the end of the month that the Contract
becomes 120 days past due for CPS Program receivables and for non-CPS Program
receivables, no later than the end of the month that the Contract becomes 180
days past due.

                                      F-11
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


CONTRACT ACQUISITION FEES

Upon purchase of a Contract from a Dealer, the Company generally charges or
advances the Dealer an acquisition fee. For Contracts securitized in pools which
were structured as sales for financial accounting purposes, the acquisition fees
associated with Contract purchases were deferred until the Contracts were
securitized, at which time the deferred acquisition fees were recognized as a
component of the gain on sale.

For Contracts purchased and securitized in pools which are structured as secured
financings for financial accounting purposes, dealer acquisition fees reduce the
carrying value of finance receivables and are accreted into earnings as an
adjustment to the yield over the life of the loans using the interest method in
accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 91, "Accounting
for Nonrefundable Fees and Costs Associated with Originating or Acquiring Loans
and Initial Direct Costs of Leases".

Effective January 1, 2005, the Company adopted the Accounting Standards
Executive Committee's Statement of Position 03-3, "Accounting for Certain Loans
or Debt Securities Acquired in a Transfer" ("SOP 03-3"), for loans acquired
subsequent to December 31, 2004. Under SOP 03-3, dealer acquisition fees on
loans purchased by the Company are not considered credit-related because there
is no deterioration in credit quality between the time the loan originated and
when it is acquired. The adoption of SOP 03-3 had no impact on the financial
statements of the Company.


REPOSSESSED AND OTHER ASSETS

If a customer fails to make or keep promises for payments, or if the customer is
uncooperative or attempts to evade contact or hide the vehicle, a supervisor
will review the collection activity relating to the account to determine if
repossession of the vehicle is warranted. Generally, such a decision will occur
between the 45th and 90th day past the customer's payment due date, but could
occur sooner or later, depending on the specific circumstances. At the time the
vehicle is repossessed the Company will stop accruing interest in this Contract,
and reclassify the remaining Contract balance to other assets. In addition the
Company will apply a specific reserve to this Contract so that the net balance
represents the estimated fair value less costs to sell. Included in other assets
in the accompanying balance sheets are repossessed vehicles pending sale, net of
the reserve, of $4.2 million and $2.7 million at December 31, 2005 and 2004,
respectively.

Included in Other Assets are non-finance receivable assets totaling $2.4 million
as of December 31, 2005, net of a valuation allowance of $1.9 million. The
valuation allowance was established in 2005 and is included in general and
administrative expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations
(See Note 13). Included in the $1.9 million valuation allowance, is $900,000
associated with related party receivables.


TREATMENT OF SECURITIZATIONS

Prior to July 2003, the disposition of Contracts in securitization transactions
were structured as sales for financial accounting purposes, therefore, gain on
sale was recognized on those securitization transactions in which the Company,
or a wholly-owned, consolidated subsidiary of the Company, retained a residual
interest in the Contracts that were sold to a wholly-owned, unconsolidated
special purpose subsidiary. These securitization transactions include "term"
securitizations (the purchaser holds the Contracts for substantially their
entire term) and "continuous" or "warehouse" securitizations (which finance the
acquisition of the Contracts for future sale into term securitizations).

                                      F-12
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The line item "Residual interest in securitizations" on the Company's
Consolidated Balance Sheet represents the residual interests in term
securitizations completed prior to July 2003. This line represents the
discounted sum of expected future cash flows from these securitization trusts.
Accordingly, the valuation of the residual is heavily dependent on estimates of
future performance of the Contracts included in the term securitizations.

All subsequent securitizations were structured as secured financings. The
warehouse securitizations are accordingly reflected in the line items "Finance
receivables" and "Warehouse lines of credit" on the Company's Consolidated
Balance Sheet, and the term securitizations are reflected in the line items
"Finance receivables" and "Securitization trust debt."

The Company's securitization structure has generally been as follows:

The Company sells Contracts it acquires to a wholly-owned Special Purpose
Subsidiary ("SPS"), which has been established for the limited purpose of buying
and reselling the Company's Contracts. The SPS then transfers the same Contracts
to another entity, typically a statutory trust ("Trust"). The Trust issues
interest-bearing asset-backed securities ("Notes"), in a principal amount equal
to or less than the aggregate principal balance of the Contracts. The Company
typically sells these Contracts to the Trust at face value and without recourse,
except that representations and warranties similar to those provided by the
Dealer to the Company are provided by the Company to the Trust. One or more
investors purchase the Notes issued by the Trust (the "Noteholders"); the
proceeds from the sale of the Notes are then used to purchase the Contracts from
the Company. The Company may retain or sell subordinated Notes issued by the
Trust or a related entity. The Company purchases a financial guaranty insurance
policy, guaranteeing timely payment of principal and interest on the senior
Notes, from an insurance company (a "Note Insurer"). In addition, the Company
provides "Credit Enhancement" for the benefit of the Note Insurer and the
Noteholders in three forms: (1) an initial cash deposit to a bank account (a
"Spread Account") held by the Trust, (2) overcollateralization of the Notes,
where the principal balance of the Notes issued is less than the principal
balance of the Contracts, and (3) in the form of subordinated Notes. The
agreements governing the securitization transactions (collectively referred to
as the "Securitization Agreements") require that the initial level of Credit
Enhancement be supplemented by a portion of collections from the Contracts until
the level of Credit Enhancement reaches specified levels which are then
maintained. The specified levels are generally computed as a percentage of the
principal amount remaining unpaid under the related Contracts. The specified
levels at which the Credit Enhancement is to be maintained will vary depending
on the performance of the portfolios of Contracts held by the Trusts and on
other conditions, and may also be varied by agreement among the Company, the
SPS, the Note Insurers and the trustee. Such levels have increased and decreased
from time to time based on performance of the various portfolios, and have also
varied by Securitization Agreement. The Securitization Agreements generally
grant the Company the option to repurchase the sold Contracts from the Trust
when the aggregate outstanding balance of the Contracts has amortized to a
specified percentage of the initial aggregate balance.

Beginning in the third quarter of 2003, the Company began to structure its term
securitization transactions so that they would be treated for financial
accounting purposes as borrowings secured by receivables, rather than as sales
of receivables.

These changes collectively represent a deferral of revenue and acceleration of
expenses, and thus a more conservative approach to accounting for the Company's
operations compared to the previous term securitization transactions which were
accounted for as sales at the consummation of the transaction. The changes have
resulted in the Company initially reporting lower earnings than it would have
reported if it had continued structuring its securitizations to require
recognition of gain on sale.

Securitizations prior to July 2003 that were treated as sales for financial
accounting purposes differ from secured financings in that the Trust to which
the SPS sold the Contracts met the definition of a "qualified special purpose
entity" under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 140 ("SFAS 140").
As a result, assets and liabilities of the Trust are not consolidated into the
Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet.

                                      F-13
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Company's warehouse securitization structures are similar to the above,
except that (i) the SPS that purchases the Contracts pledges the Contracts to
secure promissory notes which it issues, (ii) the promissory notes are in an
aggregate principal amount of not more than 77.0% to 80.0% of the aggregate
principal balance of the Contracts (that is, at least 20.0%
overcollateralization), and (iii) no increase in the required amount of Credit
Enhancement is contemplated unless certain portfolio performance tests are
breached. Upon each sale of Contracts in a securitization structured as a
secured financing, the Company retains on its Consolidated Balance Sheet the
Contracts securitized as assets and records the Notes issued in the transaction
as indebtedness of the Company.

Under the prior securitizations structured as sales for financial accounting
purposes, the Company removed from its Consolidated Balance Sheet the Contracts
sold and added to its Consolidated Balance Sheet (i) the cash received, if any,
and (ii) the estimated fair value of the ownership interest that the Company
retains in Contracts sold in the securitization. That retained or residual
interest (the "Residual") consists of (a) the cash held in the Spread Account,
if any, (b) overcollateralization, if any, (c) subordinated Notes retained, if
any, and (d) receivables from Trust, which include the net interest receivables
("NIRs"). NIRs represent the estimated discounted cash flows to be received from
the Trust in the future, net of principal and interest payable with respect to
the Notes, and certain expenses. The excess of the cash received and the assets
retained by the Company over the allocated carrying value of the Contracts sold,
less transaction costs, equals the net gain on sale of Contracts recorded by the
Company. Until the maturity of these transactions, the Company's Consolidated
Balance Sheet will reflect securitization transactions structured both as sales
and as secured financings.

With respect to securitizations structured as sales for financial accounting
purposes, the Company allocates its basis in the Contracts between the Contracts
sold and the Residuals retained based on the relative fair values of those
portions on the date of the sale. The Company recognizes gains or losses
attributable to the change in the estimated fair value of the Residuals. Gains
in fair value are recognized in the income statement with losses being recorded
as an impairment loss in the income statement. The Company is not aware of an
active market for the purchase or sale of interests such as the Residuals;
accordingly, the Company determines the estimated fair value of the Residuals by
discounting the amount of anticipated cash flows that it estimates will be
released to the Company in the future (the cash out method), using a discount
rate that the Company believes is appropriate for the risks involved. The
anticipated cash flows include collections from both current and charged off
receivables. The Company has used an effective pre-tax discount rate of 14% per
annum except for certain collections from charged off receivables related to the
Company's securitizations in 2001 and later where the Company has used a
discount rate of 25%.

The Company receives periodic base servicing fees for the servicing and
collection of the Contracts. In addition, the Company is entitled to the cash
flows from the Trusts that represent collections on the Contracts in excess of
the amounts required to pay principal and interest on the Notes, the base
servicing fees, and certain other fees (such as trustee and custodial fees).
Required principal payments on the Notes are generally defined as the payments
sufficient to keep the principal balance of the Notes equal to the aggregate
principal balance of the related Contracts (excluding those Contracts that have
been charged off), or a pre-determined percentage of such balance. Where that
percentage is less than 100%, the related Securitization Agreements require
accelerated payment of principal until the principal balance of the Notes is
reduced to the specified percentage. Such accelerated principal payment is said
to create "overcollateralization" of the Notes.

If the amount of cash required for payment of fees, interest and principal
exceeds the amount collected during the collection period, the shortfall is
withdrawn from the Spread Account, if any. If the cash collected during the
period exceeds the amount necessary for the above allocations, and there is no
shortfall in the related Spread Account or other form of Credit Enhancement, the
excess is released to the Company, or in certain cases is transferred to other
Spread Accounts related to transactions insured by the same Note Insurer that
may be below their required levels. If the total Credit Enhancement amount is
not at the required level, then the excess cash collected is retained in the
Trust until the specified level is achieved. Although Spread Account balances
are held by the Trusts on behalf of the Company's SPS as the owner of the
Residuals (in the case of securitization transactions structured as sales for
financial accounting purposes) or the Trusts (in the case of securitization


                                      F-14
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


transactions structured as secured financings for financial accounting
purposes), the cash in the Spread Accounts is restricted from use by the
Company. Cash held in the various Spread Accounts is invested in high quality,
liquid investment securities, as specified in the Securitization Agreements. In
determining the value of the Residuals, the Company must estimate the future
rates of prepayments, delinquencies, defaults, default loss severity, and
recovery rates, as all of these factors affect the amount and timing of the
estimated cash flows. The Company's estimates are based on historical
performance of comparable Contracts.

Following a securitization that is structured as a sale for financial accounting
purposes, interest income is recognized on the balance of the Residuals. In
addition, the Company will recognize as a gain additional revenue from the
Residuals if the actual performance of the Contracts is better than the
Company's estimate of the value of the residual. If the actual performance of
the Contracts were worse than the Company's estimate, then a downward adjustment
to the carrying value of the Residuals and a related impairment charge would be
required. In a securitization structured as a secured financing for financial
accounting purposes, interest income is recognized when accrued under the terms
of the related Contracts and, therefore, presents less potential for
fluctuations in performance when compared to the approach used in a transaction
structured as a sale for financial accounting purposes.

In all the Company's term securitizations, whether treated as secured financings
or as sales, the Company has transferred the receivables (through a subsidiary)
to the securitization Trust. The difference between the two structures is that
in securitizations that are treated as secured financings the Company reports
the assets and liabilities of the securitization Trust on its Consolidated
Balance Sheet. Under both structures the Noteholders' and the related
securitization Trusts' recourse to the Company for failure of the Contract
obligors to make payments on a timely basis is limited to the Company's Finance
receivables, Spread Accounts and Residuals.


SERVICING

The Company considers the contractual servicing fee received on its managed
portfolio held by non-consolidated subsidiaries to approximate adequate
compensation. As a result, no servicing asset or liability has been recognized.
Servicing fees received on its managed portfolio held by non-consolidated
subsidiaries are reported as income when earned. Servicing fees received on its
managed portfolio held by consolidated subsidiaries are included in interest
income when earned. Servicing costs are charged to expense as incurred.
Servicing fees receivable, which are included in Other Assets in the
accompanying balance sheets, represent fees earned but not yet remitted to the
Company by the trustee.


FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT

Furniture and equipment are stated at cost net of accumulated depreciation. The
Company calculates depreciation using the straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from three to five years.
Assets held under capital leases and leasehold improvements are amortized over
the lesser of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the related lease
terms. Amortization expense on assets acquired under capital lease is included
with depreciation expense on Company owned assets.


IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND LONG-LIVED ASSETS TO BE DISPOSED OF

The Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of
SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets." This
Statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles
be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of


                                      F-15
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of
an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such
assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is
measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the
fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of
carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.


OTHER INCOME

Other Income consists primarily of recoveries on previously charged off MFN
Contracts, fees paid to the Company by Dealers for certain direct mail services
the Company provides, refunds of sales taxes paid by obligors under the
Contracts, and, in 2005 $2.7 million in proceeds from sales of previously
charged off Contracts to independent third parties. The recoveries on previously
charged off MFN Contracts relate to Contracts that were acquired in the MFN
acquisition. These recoveries totaled $4.9 million, $8.0 million and $12.2
million for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.


EARNINGS PER SHARE

The following table illustrates the computation of basic and diluted earnings
(loss) per share:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           2005       2004        2003
                                                         --------   --------    --------
                                                      (In thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                                      <C>        <C>         <C>
Numerator:
Numerator for basic and diluted earnings (loss)
   per share .........................................   $  3,372   $(15,888)   $    395
                                                         ========   ========    ========
Denominator:
Denominator for basic earnings (loss) per share
   - weighted average number of common shares
   outstanding during the year .......................   $ 21,627     21,111      20,263
Incremental common shares attributable to exercise
   of outstanding options and warrants ...............   $  1,886         --       1,315
                                                         --------   --------    --------
Denominator for diluted earnings (loss) per share ....   $ 23,513     21,111      21,578
                                                         ========   ========    ========
Basic earnings (loss) per share ......................   $   0.16   $  (0.75)   $   0.02
                                                         ========   ========    ========
Diluted earnings (loss) per share ....................   $   0.14   $  (0.75)   $   0.02
                                                         ========   ========    ========
</TABLE>

Incremental shares of 1.1 million related to the conversion of subordinated debt
have been excluded from the calculation for the year ended December 31, 2003
because the impact of assumed conversion of such subordinated debt is
anti-dilutive. Incremental shares of 1.8 million shares related to stock options
have been excluded from the diluted earnings (loss) per share calculation for
the year ended December 31, 2004 because the impact is anti-dilutive.

In addition, options to purchase 639,000, 305,000 and 908,000 shares of common
stock for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, were
excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings (loss) per share because the
option exercise price was greater than the average market price of the shares.


DEFERRAL AND AMORTIZATION OF DEBT ISSUANCE COSTS

Costs related to the issuance of debt are amortized using the interest method
over the contractual or expected term of the related debt.

                                      F-16
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


INCOME TAXES

The Company and its subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax return
and combined or stand-alone state franchise tax returns for certain states. The
Company utilizes the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes,
under which deferred income taxes are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to the differences between the financial statement values of
existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to
taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to
be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The
Company has estimated a valuation allowance against that portion of the deferred
tax asset whose utilization in future periods is not more than likely.


PURCHASES OF COMPANY STOCK

The Company records purchases of its own common stock at cost.


STOCK OPTION PLAN

As permitted by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation" ("SFAS No. 123"), the Company accounts for
stock-based employee compensation plans in accordance with Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" and related
interpretations, whereby stock options are recorded at intrinsic value equal to
the excess of the share price over the exercise price at the date of grant. The
Company provides the pro forma net income (loss), pro forma earnings (loss) per
share, and stock based compensation plan disclosure requirements set forth in
SFAS No. 123. The Company accounts for repriced options as variable awards.

In December 2005, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved
accelerated vesting of all the outstanding stock options issued by the Company.
Options to purchase 2,113,998 shares of the Company's common stock, which would
otherwise have vested from time to time through 2010, became immediately
exercisable as a result of the acceleration of vesting. The decision to
accelerate the vesting of the options was made primarily to reduce non-cash
compensation expenses that would have been recorded in the Company's income
statement in future periods upon the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards
Board Statement No. 123R in January 2006. The Company estimates that
approximately $3.5 million of future non-cash compensation expense will be
eliminated as a result of the acceleration of vesting.

At the time of the acceleration of vesting, the Company accounted for its stock
options in accordance with Accounting Principals Board Opinion No. 25,
Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees. Consequently, the acceleration of
vesting resulted in non-cash compensation charge of $427,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2005.

The per share weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during the
years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, was $3.07, $2.30, and $2.09,
respectively, at the date of grant. That fair value was computed using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average
assumptions:

                                      F-17
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                            2005          2004          2003
                                         -----------   -----------   -----------
Expected life (years) .............           6.50           6.50          7.63
Risk-free interest rate ...........           4.32 %         4.48%         4.16%
Volatility ........................          56.90 %        54.65%       100.82%
Expected dividend yield ...........            --             --            --


Compensation cost has been recognized for certain stock options in the
Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with APB Opinion No. 25. Had the
Company determined compensation cost based on the fair value at the grant date
for its stock options under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123
("SFAS 123"), "Accounting for Stock Based Compensation," the Company's net
income (loss) and earnings (loss) per share would have been adjusted to the pro
forma amounts indicated below.

                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                            2005          2004          2003
                                         -----------   -----------   -----------
                                          (In thousands, except per share data)
Net income (loss)
   As reported  ......................   $     3,372   $   (15,888)  $       395
   Pro forma .........................          (648)      (16,808)          175
Earnings (loss) per share - basic
   As reported .......................   $      0.16   $     (0.75)  $      0.02
   Pro forma .........................         (0.03)        (0.80)         0.01
Earnings (loss) per share - diluted
   As reported .......................   $      0.14   $     (0.75)  $      0.02
   Pro forma .........................         (0.03)        (0.80)         0.01


SEGMENT REPORTING

Operations are managed and financial performance is evaluated on a Company-wide
basis by a chief decision maker. Management has determined that the aggregation
criteria of FASB Statement No. 131 have been met and accordingly, all of the
Company's operations are aggregated in one reportable segment.


NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued FASB
Statement No. 123(R) (As Amended), "Share-Based Payment" ("FAS 123(R)" or the
"Statement"). FAS 123 (R) and related interpretations require that the
compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions, including grants
of employee stock options, be recognized in financial statements. That cost will
be measured based on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments
issued. FAS 123(R) permits entities to use any option-pricing model that meets
the fair value objective in the Statement. Modifications of share-based payments
will be treated as replacement awards with the cost of the incremental value
recorded in the financial statements.

The Statement is effective at the beginning of 2006 and will therefore be
effective for the Company's first quarter of 2006. As of the effective date, the
Company will apply the Statement using a modified version of prospective
application. Under that transition method, compensation cost is recognized for
(1) all awards granted after the required effective date and to awards modified,
cancelled, or repurchased after that date and (2) the portion of prior awards
for which the requisite service has not yet been rendered, based on the
grant-date fair value of those awards calculated for pro forma disclosures under
SFAS 123. As a result of the acceleration of vesting on all options outstanding
in December 2005 there will be no effect on the Company's adoption of the
statement in 2006 relating to such options currently outstanding.

                                      F-18
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


In February 2006, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 155, "Accounting for
Certain Hybrid Instruments". This statement amends the guidance in FASB
Statements No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities", and No. 140, ""Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial
Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities". Statement 155 allows financial
instruments that have embedded derivatives to be accounted for as a whole
(eliminating the need to bifurcate the derivative from its host) if the holder
elects to account for the whole instrument on a fair value basis. The Statement
also amends Statement 140 to eliminate the prohibition on a qualifying
special-purpose entity from holding a derivative financial instrument that
pertains to a beneficial interest other than another derivative financial
instrument. Statement 155 is effective for all financial instruments acquired or
issued after January 1, 2007. The Company does not believe the adoption of this
statement will have a material effect on the Company's financial position or
operations.


USE OF ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported
amounts of income and expenses during the reported periods. Specifically, a
number of estimates were made in connection with determining an appropriate
allowance for finance credit losses, valuing the Residuals, computing the
related gain on sale on the transactions that created the Residuals, and the
recording of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. These are material
estimates that could be susceptible to changes in the near term and accordingly,
actual results could differ from those estimates.


(2) RESTRICTED CASH

Restricted cash comprised the following components:

                                                             December 31,
                                                        ------------------------
                                                          2005           2004
                                                        --------        --------
                                                              (In thousands)
Securitization trust accounts ..................        $157,492        $118,944
Litigation reserve .............................              --           5,503
Note purchase facility reserve .................              20             516
Other ..........................................             150             150
                                                        --------        --------
Total restricted cash ..........................        $157,662        $125,113
                                                        ========        ========


Certain of the Company's operating agreements require that the Company establish
cash reserves for the benefit of the other parties to the agreements, in case
those parties are subject to any claims or exposure. In addition, certain of
these agreements require that the Company establish amounts in reserve related
to outstanding litigation.

                                      F-19
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(3) FINANCE RECEIVABLES


The following table presents the components of Finance Receivables, net of
unearned interest:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             December 31,  December 31,
                                                                2005           2004
                                                              ---------     ---------
Finance Receivables                                               (In thousands)
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
  Automobile
    Simple Interest .......................................   $ 933,510     $ 522,346
    Pre-compute, net of unearned interest .................      54,693        86,932
                                                              ---------     ---------

    Finance Receivables, net of unearned interest .........     988,203       609,278
    Less: Unearned acquisition fees and discounts .........     (16,899)      (16,472)
                                                              ---------     ---------
    Finance Receivables ...................................   $ 971,304     $ 592,806
                                                              =========     =========

Finance receivables totaling $5.1 million and $5.4 million at December 31, 2005
and 2004, respectively, have been placed on non-accrual status as a result of
their delinquency status.

The following table presents a summary of the activity for the allowance for
credit losses, for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004:

                                                                           December 31,
                                                              -------------------------------------
                                                                2005          2004           2003
                                                              ---------     ---------     ---------
                                                                         (In thousands)
Balance at beginning of year ..............................   $  42,615     $  35,889     $  25,828
Addition to allowance for credit losses from
  acquisitions ............................................          --            --        24,271
Provision for credit losses ...............................      58,987        32,574        11,667
Charge-offs ...............................................     (55,978)      (34,636)      (32,117)
Recoveries ................................................      12,104         8,788         6,240
                                                              ---------     ---------     ---------
Balance at end of year ....................................   $  57,728     $  42,615     $  35,889
                                                              =========     =========     =========


(4) RESIDUAL INTEREST IN SECURITIZATIONS

The following table presents the components of the residual interest in
securitizations and shown at their discounted amounts:

                                                                    December 31,
                                                              -----------------------
                                                                2005          2004
                                                              ---------     ---------
                                                                  (In thousands)
Cash, commercial paper, United States government securities
   and other qualifying investments (Spread Accounts) .....   $  12,748     $  17,776
Receivables from Trusts (NIRs) ............................       5,798        12,483
Overcollateralization .....................................       6,674        16,644
Investment in subordinated certificates ...................          --         3,527
                                                              ---------     ---------

Residual interest in securitizations ......................   $  25,220     $  50,430
                                                              =========     =========
</TABLE>

The following table presents the estimated remaining undiscounted credit losses
included in the fair value estimate of the Residuals as a percentage of the
Company's managed portfolio held by non-consolidated subsidiaries subject to
recourse provisions:

                                      F-20
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           December 31,
                                                              -------------------------------------
                                                                2005          2004           2003
                                                              ---------     ---------     ---------
                                                                     (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>           <C>
Undiscounted estimated credit losses ......................   $   5,724     $  23,588     $  47,935
Managed portfolio held by non-consolidated subsidiary .....     103,130       233,621       425,534
Undiscounted estimated credit losses as a percentage of
managed portfolio held by non-consolidated subsidiary .....        5.55%        10.10%        11.30%


The key economic assumptions used in measuring the residual interest in
securitizations at the date of securitization in 2003 are as follows: prepayment
speed of 21.7%, net credit losses of 12.5%, and a discount rate of 14%. There
were no securitizations accounted for as sales for financial accounting purposes
in 2004 and 2005.

The key economic assumptions used in measuring all residual interest in
securitizations as of December 31, 2005 and 2004 are included in the table
below. The pre-tax discount rate remained constant at 14%, except for certain
cash flows from charged off receivables related to the Company's securitizations
from 2001 to 2003 where the Company has used a discount rate of 25%.


                                                        2005           2004
                                                    -------------  -------------
Prepayment speed (Cumulative).....................  22.2% - 35.8%  20.0% - 30.5%
Net credit losses (Cumulative)....................  11.9% - 20.2%  13.0% - 20.5%


Static pool losses are calculated by summing the actual and projected future
credit losses and dividing them by the original balance of each pool of assets.

Key economic assumptions and the sensitivity of the current fair value of
residual cash flows to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in those
assumptions are as follows:


                                                                        December 31,
                                                                       -------------
                                                                           2005
                                                                       -------------
                                                                   (Dollars in thousands)

Carrying amount/fair value of residual interest in securitizations ... $   25,220
Weighted average life in years .......................................       2.24

Prepayment Speed Assumption (Cumulative) .............................  22.2% - 35.8%
Estimated fair value assuming 10% adverse change ..................... $   25,168
Estimated fair value assuming 20% adverse change .....................     25,119

Expected Net Credit Losses (Cumulative) ..............................  11.9% - 20.2%
Estimated fair value assuming 10% adverse change ..................... $   23,937
Estimated fair value assuming 20% adverse change .....................     22,656

Residual Cash Flows Discount Rate (Annual) ...........................  14.0% - 25.0%
Estimated fair value assuming 10% adverse change ..................... $   24,636
Estimated fair value assuming 20% adverse change .....................     24,071
</TABLE>


These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution. As the
figures indicate, changes in fair value based on 10% and 20% percent variation
in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the
change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in
this table, the effect of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair
value of the retained interest is calculated without changing any other
assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another
(for example, increases in market rates may result in lower prepayments and
increased credit losses), which could magnify or counteract the sensitivities.

                                      F-21
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The following table summarizes the cash flows received from (paid to) the
Company's unconsolidated securitization Trusts:

                                                For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                ------------------------------
                                                  2005      2004        2003
                                                --------   --------   --------
                                                       (In thousands)
Releases of cash from Spread Accounts ......... $  7,420   $ 17,175   $ 25,934
Servicing Fees received .......................    4,490     13,631     17,039
Net deposits to increase Credit Enhancement ...       --     (2,106)   (20,867)
Initial funding of Credit Enhancement .........       --         --    (18,736)
Purchase of delinquent or foreclosed assets ...  (22,682)   (44,473)   (45,747)
Repurchase of trust assets ....................   (9,658)        --         --


The following table presents the credit loss and delinquency performance for the
serviced portfolio:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  Principal Amount of
                                         Total Principal           Contracts 60 Days        Net Credit Losses(1)
                                        Amount of Contracts        or More Past Due         for the Year Ended
                                      -----------------------   -----------------------   -----------------------
                                          At December 31,           At December 31,            December 31,
                                      -----------------------   -----------------------   -----------------------
                                        2005          2004         2005         2004         2005         2004
                                      ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                                     (In thousands)
<S>                                   <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Contracts held by
  consolidated subsidiaries .......   $1,000,597   $  619,794   $   25,864   $   17,379   $   36,511   $   26,418
Contracts held by
  non-consolidated subsidiaries ...      103,130      233,621        4,263       10,037       14,184       36,042
SeaWest Third Party Portfolio .....       18,018       53,463        1,663        5,065        7,386       18,018
                                      ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------

Total managed portfolio ...........   $1,121,745   $  906,878   $   31,790   $   32,481   $   58,081   $   80,478
                                      ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>
- --------------
(1) INCLUDES RECOVERIES ON PREVIOUSLY CHARGED OFF MFN CONTRACTS INCLUDED IN
    OTHER INCOME.

(5) FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT

The following table presents the components of furniture and equipment:

                                                                December 31,
                                                           --------------------
                                                            2005          2004
                                                           -------      -------
                                                              (In thousands)
Furniture and fixtures ...............................     $ 3,780      $ 3,744
Computer equipment ...................................       4,815        4,700
Leasing assets .......................................         673          673
Leasehold improvements ...............................         666          651
Other fixed assets ...................................          17           17
                                                           -------      -------
                                                             9,951        9,785
Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ......      (8,872)      (8,218)
                                                           -------      -------
                                                           $ 1,079      $ 1,567
                                                           =======      =======


Depreciation expense totaled $654,000, $660,000 and $878,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

                                      F-22
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(6) RESTRUCTURING ACCRUALS


MFN MERGER

In connection with the MFN Merger, the Company subsequently terminated the MFN
origination activities and consolidated certain activities of MFN. In connection
therewith, the Company recognized certain liabilities related to the costs to
exit these activities and terminate the affected employees of MFN. These
activities include service departments such as accounting, finance, human
resources, information technology, administration, payroll and executive
management. Of these liabilities recognized at the merger date in the amount of
$6.2 million, only the accrual related to facility closures remained outstanding
as of December 31, 2005 and 2004 in the amounts of $545,000 and $1.2 million
respectively.


TFC MERGER

In connection with the TFC Merger, the Company consolidated certain activities
of CPS and TFC. As a result of this consolidation, the Company recognized
certain liabilities related to the costs to integrate and terminate affected
employees of TFC. These activities include service departments such as
accounting, finance, human resources, information technology, administration,
payroll and executive management. The total liabilities recognized by the
Company at the time of the merger were $4.5 million. These costs include the
following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     December 31,         December 31,          December 31,
                                       2005(2)    Activity   2004      Activity     2003
                                      --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                         (In thousands)
<S>                                   <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Severance Payments and
consulting contracts (1) ..........   $    109   $    309   $    418   $  1,908   $  2,326
Facilities closures ...............        345        477        822        409      1,231
Other obligations .................         --         --         --        234        234
                                      --------   --------   --------   --------   --------

    Total liabilities assumed .....   $    454   $    786   $  1,240   $  2,551   $  3,791
                                      ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>

- -------------------
(1) FOR THE PERIOD FROM DECEMBER 31, 2003 TO DECEMBER 31, 2004 THE ACTIVITY
RESULTING IN A CHANGE OF $1.9 MILLION, INCLUDES CHARGES AGAINST THE LIABILITY OF
$621,000 AND THE REVERSAL OF $1.3 MILLION OF COSTS THAT THE COMPANY NO LONGER
EXPECTS TO INCUR. THE $1.3 WAS RECORDED IN THE STATEMENT OF INCOME AS A
REDUCTION OF OPERATING EXPENSES DURING THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004.
(2) THE COMPANY BELIEVES THAT THIS AMOUNT PROVIDES ADEQUATELY FOR ANTICIPATED
REMAINING COSTS RELATED TO EXITING CERTAIN ACTIVITIES OF TFC, AND THAT AMOUNTS
INDICATED ABOVE ARE REASONABLY ALLOCATED.


                                      F-23
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(7) SECURITIZATION TRUST DEBT


The Company has completed a number of securitization transactions that are
structured as secured borrowings for financial accounting purposes. The debt
issued in these transactions is shown on the Company's consolidated balance
sheets as "Securitization trust debt," and the components of such debt are
summarized in the following table:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  Weighted
                    Final          Receivables                   Outstanding    Outstanding       Average
                  Scheduled         Pledged at                   Principal at   Principal at  Interest Rate at
                   Payment         December 31,     Initial      December 31,   December 31,    December 31,
    Series         Date (1)           2005         Principal         2005           2004            2005
- --------------  --------------      ---------     -----------      ---------     ----------     ------------

<S>                       <C>       <C>           <C>              <C>           <C>                   <C>
MFN 2001-A           June 2007      $       -     $   301,000      $       -     $    3,382                -
TFC 2002-1         August 2007              -          64,552              -          2,574                -
TFC 2002-2          March 2008              -          62,589              -          9,152                -
TFC 2003-1        January 2009          7,779          52,365          6,557         17,703            2.69%
CPS 2003-C          March 2010         32,063          87,500         30,550         53,456            3.57%
CPS 2003-D        October 2010         31,203          75,000         29,688         50,722            3.50%
CPS 2004-A        October 2010         40,316          82,094         40,225         66,737            3.62%
PCR 2004-1          March 2010         28,068          76,257         22,873         52,633            3.52%
CPS 2004-B       February 2011         53,330          96,369         52,704         84,185            4.17%
CPS 2004-C          April 2011         62,360         100,000         61,779         93,071            3.86%
CPS 2004-D       December 2011         84,034         120,000         82,801        109,200            4.44%
CPS 2005-A        October 2011        109,749         137,500        110,021            N/A            4.93%
CPS 2005-B       February 2012        121,440         130,625        113,194            N/A            4.16%
CPS 2005-C            May 2012        186,021         183,300        173,509            N/A            4.61%
CPS 2005-TFC         July 2012         78,991          72,525         72,525            N/A            5.72%
CPS 2005-D (2)       July 2012         86,083         127,600        127,600            N/A            4.98%
                                    ---------     -----------      ---------     ----------

                                    $ 921,437     $ 1,769,276      $ 924,026     $  542,815
                                    =========     ===========      =========     ==========
</TABLE>

- -------------------
(1)      THE FINAL SCHEDULED PAYMENT DATE REPRESENTS FINAL LEGAL MATURITY OF THE
         SECURITIZATION TRUST DEBT. SECURITIZATION TRUST DEBT IS EXPECTED TO
         BECOME DUE AND TO BE PAID PRIOR TO THOSE DATES, BASED ON AMORTIZATION
         OF THE FINANCE RECEIVABLES PLEDGED TO THE TRUSTS. EXPECTED PAYMENTS,
         WHICH WILL DEPEND ON THE PERFORMANCE OF SUCH RECEIVABLES, AS TO WHICH
         THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE, ARE $328.7 MILLION IN 2006, $223.7 MILLION
         IN 2007, $160.5 MILLION IN 2008, $114.6 MILLION IN 2009, $75.1 MILLION
         IN 2010, AND $21.4 MILLION IN 2011.

(2)      RECEIVABLES PLEDGED AT DECEMBER 31, 2005 EXCLUDES APPROXIMATELY $58.0
         MILLION IN CONTRACTS DELIVERED TO THE TRUST IN JANUARY 2006 PURSUANT TO
         A PRE-FUNDING STRUCTURE.


All of the securitization trust debt was issued in private placement
transactions to qualified institutional investors. The debt was issued through
wholly-owned, bankruptcy remote subsidiaries of CPS, TFC or MFN, and is secured
by the assets of such subsidiaries, but not by other assets of the Company.
Principal and interest payments are guaranteed by financial guaranty insurance
policies.

The terms of the various Securitization Agreements related to the issuance of
the securitization trust debt require that certain delinquency and credit loss
criteria be met with respect to the collateral pool, and require that the
Company maintain minimum levels of liquidity and net worth and not exceed
maximum leverage levels and maximum financial losses. As a result of waivers and
amendments to these covenants throughout 2004 and 2005, the Company was in
compliance with all such covenants as of December 31, 2005. Without the waivers
and amendments obtained in the first quarter of 2005, the Company would have
been in breach of covenants related to maintaining a minimum level of net worth
and incurring a maximum financial loss as of December 31, 2004.

                                      F-24
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Company is responsible for the administration and collection of the
Contracts. The Securitization Agreements also require certain funds be held in
restricted cash accounts to provide additional collateral for the borrowings or
to be applied to make payments on the securitization trust debt. As of December
31, 2005, restricted cash under the various agreements totaled approximately
$157.5 million. Interest expense on the securitization trust debt is composed of
the stated rate of interest plus amortization of additional costs of borrowing.
Additional costs of borrowing include facility fees, insurance and amortization
of deferred financing costs. Deferred financing costs related to the
securitization trust debt are amortized in proportion to the principal
distributed to the noteholders. Accordingly, the effective cost of borrowing of
the securitization trust debt is greater than the stated rate of interest.

The wholly-owned, bankruptcy remote subsidiaries of CPS, MFN and TFC were formed
to facilitate the above asset-backed financing transactions. Similar bankruptcy
remote subsidiaries issue the debt outstanding under the Company's warehouse
lines of credit. Bankruptcy remote refers to a legal structure in which it is
expected that the applicable entity would not be included in any bankruptcy
filing by its parent or affiliates. All of the assets of these subsidiaries have
been pledged as collateral for the related debt. All such transactions, treated
as secured financings for accounting and tax purposes, are treated as sales for
all other purposes, including legal and bankruptcy purposes. None of the assets
of these subsidiaries are available to pay other creditors of the Company or its
affiliates.


(8) DEBT

The terms of the Company's significant debt outstanding at December 31, 2005 and
2004 are summarized below:


                                      F-25
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
<TABLE>

                                                                                     DECEMBER 31,
                                                                              -------------------------
                                                                                 2005           2004
                                                                              -----------   -----------
                                                                                    (In thousands)
<S>                                                                           <C>
RESIDUAL INTEREST FINANCING

Notes secured by the Company's residual interests in its
securitizations. The notes outstanding at December 31, 2004 were
secured by eight securitization transactions and bore interest at
10.0% per annum. The notes outstanding at December 31, 2005 are
secured by ten securitizations and bear interest at a blended interest
rate of 8.36% per annum. In each period, the securitizations pledged
include both sale transactions and secured financing transactions. The
notes are non-recourse obligations of the Company with interest and
principal to be paid solely from the cash distributions on the
retained interests securing the notes. The notes outstanding at
December 31, 2004 were issued in March 2004 with issuance costs of
$1.3 million and were repaid in full in August 2005. The notes
outstanding at December 31, 2005 were issued in November 2005 with
issuance costs of $915,000 and have a final maturity of July 2011.            $    43,745   $    22,204

SENIOR SECURED DEBT, RELATED PARTY

Notes payable to Levine Leichtman Capital Partners II, L.P.
("LLCP"). The notes consists of separate term notes that each
bear interest at 11.75% per annum, require monthly interest
payments and are due on various dates through December 2006,
after having been amended from higher rates and earlier
maturities. The Company incurred issuance and amendment fees
aggregating $1.3 million in relation to these notes. The notes
are secured by all assets of the Company that are not pledged to
securitization debt, and are the last in a series of borrowings
from LLCP that have taken place since November 1998, which have
also included the issuances to LLCP of warrants to purchase the
Company's common stock. As of December 31, 2005 and 2004, a
warrant to purchase 1,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 per
share remained outstanding which expire in April 2009.                        $    40,000   $    59,829

SUBORDINATED DEBT

Notes bearing interest at 12.50% per annum and 12.00% per annum
at December 31, 2005 and 2004 respectively. The Company incurred
issuance costs of $1.1 million when the notes were issued in
December 1995. The $14.0 million outstanding was repaid on its
maturity date in January 2006.                                                $    14,000   $    15,000

RENEWABLE SUBORDINATED NOTES

Notes bearing interest ranging from 5.60% to 11.15%, with a
weighted average rate of 8.53%, and with maturities from January
2006 to November 2015 with a weighted maturity of January 2008.
The Company began issuing the notes in June 2005 and incurred
issuance costs of $250,000. Payments may be required monthly,
quarterly, annually or upon maturity based on the terms of the
individual notes.                                                             $     4,655   $        --
                                                                              -----------   -----------
                                                                              $   102,400   $    97,033
                                                                              ===========   ===========
</TABLE>


                                      F-26
<PAGE>


               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The costs incurred in conjunction with the above debt are recorded as deferred
financing costs on the accompanying balance sheets and is more fully described
in Note 1.

The Company must comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants related
to debt facilities, which require, among other things, that the Company maintain
certain financial ratios related to liquidity, net worth and capitalization.
Further covenants include matters relating to investments, acquisitions,
restricted payments and certain dividend restrictions.

The following table summarizes the contractual maturity amounts of debt as of
December 31, 2005:

Contractual          Residual        Senior                Renewable
 maturity            interest       secured  Subordinated subordinated
   date            financing (1)      debt       debt        notes       Total
- -----------        -------------    --------    --------    --------    --------
   2006                 $ 17,986    $ 40,000    $ 14,000    $  1,643    $ 73,629
   2007                   14,435          --          --         909      15,344
   2008                    7,644          --          --       1,562       9,206
   2009                    3,680          --          --         171       3,851
   2010                       --          --          --         279         279
Thereafter                    --          --          --          91          91
                        --------------------------------------------------------
                        $ 43,745    $ 40,000    $ 14,000    $  4,655    $102,400
                        ========================================================

- -------------------
(1) THE CONTRACTUAL MATURITY DATE FOR THE RESIDUAL INTEREST FINANCING IS JULY
2011. THE NOTES ARE EXPECTED TO BE PAID PRIOR TO THAT DATE, BASED ON THE
AMORTIZATION OF THE RELATED SECURITIZATIONS. SINCE THE AMORTIZATION OF THE
RELATED SECURITIZATIONS IS BASED ON THE PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING FINANCE
RECEIVABLES, THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE AS TO THE EXACT TIMING OF PAYMENTS.


(9) SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

COMMON STOCK

Holders of common stock are entitled to such dividends as the Company's Board of
Directors, in its discretion, may declare out of funds available, subject to the
terms of any outstanding shares of preferred stock and other restrictions. In
the event of liquidation of the Company, holders of common stock are entitled to
receive, pro rata, all of the assets of the Company available for distribution,
after payment of any liquidation preference to the holders of outstanding shares
of preferred stock. Holders of the shares of common stock have no conversion or
preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking
fund provisions applicable to the common stock.

The Company is required to comply with various operating and financial covenants
defined in the agreements governing the warehouse lines of credit, senior debt,
and subordinated debt. The covenants restrict the payment of certain
distributions, including dividends (See Note 8.).

Included in common stock at December 31, 2003, is additional paid in capital of
$1.6 million related to the valuation of certain stock options as required by
Financial Interpretation No. 44 ("FIN 44") or the valuation of conditionally
granted options as required under Accounting Principals Board Opinion No. 25
("APB 25"). Included in compensation expense for the years ended December 31,
2005, 2004 and 2003, is $644,000, $271,000 and $1.1 million related to the
amortization of deferred compensation expense and valuation of stock options.

                                      F-27
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


STOCK PURCHASES

During 2000, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the Company to purchase
up to $5 million of Company securities. In October 2002, the Board of Directors
authorized the purchase of an additional $5 million of outstanding debt or
equity securities. In October 2004, the Board of Directors authorized the
purchase of an additional $5.0 million of outstanding debt or equity securities.
As of December 31, 2005, the Company had purchased $5.0 million in principal
amount of the debt securities, and $5.0 million of its common stock,
representing 2,365,695 shares.


OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

In 1991, the Company adopted and its sole shareholder approved the 1991 Stock
Option Plan (the "1991 Plan") pursuant to which the Company's Board of Directors
may grant stock options to officers and key employees. The Plan, as amended,
authorizes grants of options to purchase up to 2,700,000 shares of authorized
but unissued common stock. Stock options are granted with an exercise price
equal to the stock's fair market value at the date of grant. Stock options have
terms that range from 7 to 10 years and vest over a range of 0 to 7 years. In
addition to the 1991 Plan, in fiscal 1995, the Company granted 60,000 options to
certain directors of the Company that vest over three years and expire nine
years from the grant date. The Plan terminated in December 2001, without
affecting the validity of the outstanding options.

In July 1997, the Company adopted and its shareholders approved the 1997
Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "1997 Plan") pursuant to which the Company's Board
of Directors may grant stock options, restricted stock and stock appreciation
rights to employees, directors or employees of entities in which the Company has
a controlling or significant equity interest. Options that have been granted
under the 1997 Plan have been granted at an exercise price equal to (or greater
than) the stock's fair market value at the date of the grant, with terms of 10
years and vesting generally over 5 years. In 2001, the shareholders of the
Company approved an amendment to the 1997 Plan providing that an aggregate
maximum of 3,400,000 shares of the Company's common shares may be subject to
awards under the 1997 Plan. In 2003, the shareholders of the Company approved an
amendment to the 1997 Plan to further increase the aggregate maximum number of
shares that may be granted within the Plan to 4,900,000 shares. A further
increase to 6,900,000 shares in the aggregate maximum number of shares that may
be granted was approved by the shareholders in 2004.

In October 1998, the Company's Board of Directors approved a plan to cancel and
reissue certain stock options previously granted to key employees of the
Company. All options granted prior to October 22, 1998, with an option price
greater than $3.25 per share, were repriced to $3.25 per share. In conjunction
with the repricing, a one-year period of non-exercisability was placed on all
repriced options, which period ended on October 21, 1999.

In October 1999, the Company's Board of Directors approved a plan to cancel and
reissue certain stock options previously granted to key employees of the
Company. All options granted prior to October 29, 1999, with an option price
greater than $0.625 per share, were repriced to $0.625 per share. In conjunction
with the repricing, a six-month period of non-exercisability was placed on all
repriced options, which period ended on April 29, 2000.

At December 31, 2005, there were a total of 165,261 additional shares available
for grant under the 1997 Plan and the 1991 Plan. Of the options outstanding at
December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, 4,863,654, 1,611,182, and 1,168,042,
respectively, were then exercisable, with weighted-average exercise prices of
$3.38, $2.25, and $1.71, respectively.

                                      F-28
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Stock option activity during the periods indicated is as follows:

                                                                     Weighted
                                                  Number of          Average
                                                    Shares        Exercise Price
                                                   --------         --------
                                           (In thousands, except per share data)
Balance at December 31, 2002 ................         4,032         $   1.64
   Granted ..................................         1,013             2.46
   Exercised ................................           609             0.93
   Canceled .................................           564             1.69
                                                   --------         --------
Balance at December 31, 2003 ................         3,872             1.96
   Granted ..................................           958             3.96
   Exercised ................................           575             1.23
   Canceled .................................           173             2.29
                                                   --------         --------
Balance at December 31, 2004 ................         4,082             2.52
   Granted ..................................         1,451             5.39
   Exercised ................................           415             2.08
   Canceled .................................           254             3.17
                                                   --------         --------
Balance at December 31, 2005 ................         4,864         $   3.38
                                                   ========         ========


The per share weighted average fair value of stock options granted whose
exercise price was equal to the market price of the stock on the grant date
during the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, was $2.77, $2.30, and
$2.09, respectively.

The per share weighted average fair value and exercise price of stock options
granted whose exercise price was above the market price of the stock on the
grant date during the year ended December 31, 2005 was $3.61 and $6.00,
respectively. The Company did not issue any stock options above the market price
of the stock during the year ended December 31, 2004 and 2003.

The Company did not issue any stock options below the market price of the stock
on the grant date.

During 2002, the Company's Board of Directors approved a program whereby
officers of the Company would be loaned amounts sufficient to enable them to
exercise certain of their outstanding options. See Note 13.

At December 31, 2005, the range of exercise prices, the number, weighted-average
exercise price and weighted-average remaining term of options outstanding and
the number and weighted-average price of options currently exercisable are as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            Options Outstanding                                        Options Exercisable
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------     -----------------------------
                                                 Weighted         Weighted                          Weighted
                                                  Average          Average                           Average
 Range of Exercise Prices        Number          Remaining     Exercise Price       Number       Exercise Price
        (per share)            Outstanding     Term (Years)       Per Share       Exercisable       Per Share
- -------------------------      -----------     ------------    --------------     -----------    --------------
                                        (In thousands, except per share data)
<S>                               <C>               <C>            <C>               <C>             <C>
$0.63 - $1.50............           858             6.43           $ 1.47              858           $ 1.47
$1.51 - $2.50............         1,092             5.61             1.93            1,092             1.93
$2.51 - $4.00............         1,225             8.00             3.46            1,225             3.46
$4.01 - $5.04............         1,035             8.53             4.74            1,035             4.74
$5.05 - $6.10............           654             9.90             5.99              654             5.99
</TABLE>


On November 17, 1998, in conjunction with the issuance of a $25.0 million
subordinated promissory note to an affiliate of LLCP, the Company issued
warrants to purchase up to 3,450,000 shares of common stock at $3.00 per share,
exercisable through November 30, 2005. In April 1999, in conjunction with the


                                      F-29
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


issuance of $5.0 million of an additional subordinated promissory note to an
affiliate of LLCP, the Company issued additional warrants to purchase 1,335,000
shares of the Company's common stock at $0.01 per share to LLCP. As part of the
purchase agreement, the existing warrants to purchase 3,450,000 shares at $3.00
per share were exchanged for warrants to purchase 3,115,000 shares at a price of
$0.01 per share. The aggregate value of the warrants, $12.9 million, which is
comprised of $3.0 million from the original warrants issued in November 1998 and
$9.9 million from the repricing and additional warrants issued in April 1999, is
reported as deferred interest expense to be amortized over the expected life of
the related debt, five years. As of December 31, 2005 and 2004, 1,000 warrants
remained unexercised which expire in April 2009. Such warrants, and the
4,449,000 shares of common stock have, upon the exercise of such warrants, not
been registered for public sale. However, the holder has the right to require
the Company register the warrants and common stock for public sale in the
future.

Also in November 1998, the Company entered into an agreement with the Note
Insurer of its asset-backed securities. The agreement committed the Note Insurer
to provide insurance for the securitization of $560.0 million in asset-backed
securities, of which $250.0 million remained at December 31, 1998. The agreement
provides for a 3% initial Spread Account deposit. As consideration for the
agreement, the Company issued warrants to purchase up to 2,525,114 shares of
common stock at $3.00 per share, subject to anti-dilution adjustments. The
warrants were fully exercisable on the date of grant and expired in December
2003. In November 2003, the Company purchased the warrants from the Note Insurer
for $896,415.

The Company on August 4, 2005, issued six-year warrants with respect to 272,000
shares of its common stock, in a transaction exempted from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 as a transaction not involving a
public offering. The warrants are exercisable at $4.85 per share, and were
issued to the lender's nominee in settlement of a claim against the Company that
arose out of a loan of $500,000 made in September 1998. The Company and the
claimant dispute whether the loan was to the Company or to Stanwich Financial
Services Corp. ("Stanwich"). The Company received in exchange for the warrants
an assignment of the lender's claim in bankruptcy against Stanwich, as well as a
release of all claims against the Company. The Company estimated the value of
the warrants to be $794,000 using a Black-Scholes model, assuming a risk-free
interest rate of 3.41%, a six year life and stock price volatility of 63%. The
Company included the value of the warrant, net of a previously recorded accrual
of $500,000, in general & administrative expense for the year ended December 31,
2005.


(10) NET GAIN ON SALE OF CONTRACTS

The following table presents the components of the net gain on sale of
Contracts:

                                                       Year Ended
                                                      December 31,
                                                          2003
                                                     -------------
                                                     (In thousands)
Gain recognized on sale of Contracts ...........     $       8,433
Deferred acquisition fees and discounts ... ....             4,590
Expenses related to sales ......................            (2,076)
Provision for credit losses ....................              (526)
                                                     -------------
Net gain on sale of Contracts ..................     $      10,421
                                                     =============


No gain on sale was recorded in the year ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 due to
the decision in July 2003 to structure future securitizations as secured
financings, rather than as sales.

                                      F-30
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(11) INTEREST INCOME

The following table presents the components of interest income:

                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                2005         2004         2003
                                              --------     --------     --------
                                                       (In thousands)
Interest on Finance Receivables .........     $163,552     $ 99,701     $ 40,380
Residual interest income ................        5,338        4,634       16,178
Other interest income ...................        2,944        1,483        1,606
                                              --------     --------     --------

Net interest income .....................     $171,834     $105,818     $ 58,164
                                              ========     ========     ========

As a result of the uncertainty of collection of the residual assets, the Company
ceased accruing interest on the residual assets from May 2004 through December
2004. In January 2005, the Company resumed accretion of interest on the residual
assets after it determined that there was no longer any significant uncertainty
as to the collection of the assets.


(12) INCOME TAXES

Income taxes consist of the following:

                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                               2005         2004          2003
                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                       (In thousands)
Current:
   Federal ..............................    $  5,340     $    712     $  2,781
   State ................................    $  1,687          862          356
                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                7,027        1,574        3,137

Deferred:
   Federal ..............................      (3,537)      (5,859)     (25,345)
   State ................................      (2,114)      (2,282)      (4,141)
   Change in valuation allowance ........      (1,376)       6,567       22,915
                                             --------     --------     --------
                                               (7,027)      (1,574)      (6,571)
                                             --------     --------     --------

          Income tax benefit ............    $     --     $     --     $ (3,434)
                                             ========     ========     ========

The Company's effective tax expense/(benefit) for the years ended December 31,
2005, 2004 and 2003, differs from the amount determined by applying the
statutory federal rate of 35% to income (loss) before income taxes as follows:

                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                 2005        2004        2003
                                               --------    --------    --------
                                                        (In thousands)
Expense (benefit) at federal tax rate ......   $  1,180    $ (5,561)   $ (1,064)
State franchise tax, net of federal
   income tax benefit ......................       (277)     (1,015)     (2,460)
Other ......................................        473           9          92
Debt Forgiveness ...........................         --          --     (22,917)
Valuation allowance ........................     (1,376)      6,567      22,915
                                               --------    --------    --------
                                               $     --    $     --    $ (3,434)
                                               ========    ========    ========

                                      F-31
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The tax effected cumulative temporary differences that give rise to deferred tax
assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2005 and 2004 are as follows:

                                                                December 31,
                                                           --------------------
                                                             2005        2004
                                                           --------    --------
                                                              (In thousands)
Deferred Tax Assets:
Finance receivables ....................................   $ 21,493    $ 18,090
Provision for loan loss ................................        961          --
Accrued liabilities ....................................      3,141       5,751
Furniture and equipment ................................        189       1,016
Equity investment ......................................         --          82
NOL carryforwards and BILs .............................     24,137      27,702
Minimum tax credit .....................................         --         697
Pension Accrual ........................................      1,313         801
Other ..................................................      1,830         831
                                                           --------    --------
   Total deferred tax assets ...........................     53,064      54,970
Valuation allowance ....................................    (43,724)    (45,100)
                                                           --------    --------
                                                              9,340       9,870
                                                           --------    --------

Deferred Tax Liabilities:
NIRs ...................................................     (1,808)     (1,407)
Provision for loan loss ................................         --      (8,463)
                                                           --------    --------
   Total deferred tax liabilities.......................     (1,808)     (9,870)
                                                           --------    --------
   Net deferred tax asset ..............................   $  7,532    $     --
                                                           ========    ========


As part of the MFN Merger, CPS acquired certain net operating losses and
built-in loss assets. Moreover, MFN has undergone an ownership change for
purposes of Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") section 382. In general, IRC section
382 imposes an annual limitation on the ability of a loss corporation (i.e., a
corporation with a net operating loss ("NOL") carryforward, credit carryforward,
or certain built-in losses ("BILs")) to utilize its pre-change NOL carryforwards
or BILs to offset taxable income arising after an ownership change. During 1999,
MFN recorded an extraordinary gain from the discharge of indebtedness related to
the emergence from Bankruptcy. This gain was not taxable under IRC section 108.
In accordance with the rules under IRC section 108, MFN has reduced certain tax
attributes including unused net operating losses and tax basis in certain MFN
assets. Deferred taxes have been provided for the estimated tax effect of the
future reversing timing differences related to the discharge of indebtedness
gain as reduced by the tax attributes. Additionally, the Company has established
a valuation allowance of $31.0 million against MFN's deferred tax assets, as it
is not more than likely that these amounts will be realized in the future.

As part of the TFC Merger, CPS acquired certain built in loss assets. Moreover,
TFC has undergone an ownership change for purposes of Internal Revenue Code
("IRC") section 382. In general, IRC section 382 imposes an annual limitation on
the ability of a loss corporation (i.e., a corporation with a net operating loss
("NOL") carryforward, credit carryforward, or certain built-in losses ("BILs"))
to utilize its pre-change NOL carryforwards or BILs to offset taxable income
arising after an ownership change. Additionally, the Company has established a
valuation allowance of $10.0 million against TFC's deferred tax assets, as it is
not more than likely that these amounts will be realized in the future.

In determining the possible future realization of deferred tax assets the
Company considers the taxes paid in the current and prior years that may be
available to recapture as well as future taxable income from the following
sources: (a) reversal of taxable temporary differences, (b) future operations
exclusive of reversing temporary differences, and (c) tax planning strategies
that, if necessary, would be implemented to accelerate taxable income into years
in which net operating losses might otherwise expire.

                                      F-32
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


As of December 31, 2005, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards for
federal and state income tax purposes of $10.2 million (all of which is subject
to IRC 382 limitations) and $4.2 million, respectively, which are available to
offset future taxable income, if any, subject to IRC section 382 limitations,
through 2021 and 2012-2013, respectively.

The statute of limitations on certain of the Company's tax returns are open and
the returns could be audited by the various tax authorities. From time to time,
there may be differences in opinions with respect to the tax treatment accorded
to certain transactions. When, and if, such differences occur and become
probable and estimable, such amounts will be recognized.


(13) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

CPS LEASING, INC. RELATED PARTY DIRECT LEASE RECEIVABLES

Included in other assets in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet are direct
lease receivables due to CPS Leasing, Inc. from related parties, primarily
companies affiliated with the Company's former Chairman of the Board of
Directors. Such related party direct lease receivables net of a valuation
allowance totaled approximately $552,000 and $1.8 million at December 31, 2005
and 2004, respectively.


LOANS TO OFFICERS TO EXERCISE CERTAIN STOCK OPTIONS

During 2002, the Company's Board of Directors approved a program under which
officers of the Company would be advanced amounts sufficient to enable them to
exercise certain of their outstanding options. Such loans were available for a
limited period of time, and available only to exercise previously repriced
options. The loans bear interest at a rate of 5.50% per annum, and are due in
2007. At December 31, 2005 and 2004, there was $434,000 and $454,000,
respectively outstanding related to these loans. Such amounts have been recorded
as contra-equity within common stock in the Shareholders' Equity section of the
Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet.


(14) COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

LEASES

The Company leases its facilities and certain computer equipment under
non-cancelable operating leases, which expire through 2010. Future minimum lease
payments at December 31, 2005, under these leases are due during the years ended
December 31 as follows:

                                                                       Amount
                                                                     -----------
                                                                  (In thousands)
2006 .......................................................         $     4,353
2007 .......................................................               3,781
2008 .......................................................               2,407
2009 .......................................................                 341
2010 .......................................................                 203
                                                                     -----------

Total minimum lease payments ...............................         $    11,085
                                                                     ===========


Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, was
$3.4million, $3.5 million, and $3.9 million, respectively.

                                      F-33
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


The Company's facility lease contains certain rental concessions and escalating
rental payments, which are recognized as adjustments to rental expense and are
amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

During 2005, 2004 and 2003, the Company received $482,000, $385,000 and
$170,000, respectively, of sublease income, which is included in occupancy
expense. Future minimum sublease payments totaled $507,000 at December 31, 2005.


LITIGATION

STANWICH LITIGATION. CPS was for some time a defendant in a class action (the
"Stanwich Case") brought in the California Superior Court, Los Angeles County.
The original plaintiffs in that case were persons entitled to receive regular
payments (the "Settlement Payments") under out-of-court settlements reached with
third party defendants. Stanwich Financial Services Corp. ("Stanwich"), an
affiliate of the former chairman of the board of directors of CPS, is the entity
that was obligated to pay the Settlement Payments. Stanwich has defaulted on its
payment obligations to the plaintiffs and in June 2001 filed for reorganization
under the Bankruptcy Code, in the federal Bankruptcy Court of Connecticut. At
December 31, 2004, CPS was a defendant only in a cross-claim brought by one of
the other defendants in the case, Bankers Trust Company, which asserted a claim
of contractual indemnity against CPS.

CPS subsequently settled the cross-claim of Bankers Trust by payment of $3.24
million, on or about February 8, 2005. Pursuant to that settlement, the court
has dismissed the cross-claim, with prejudice. The amount paid by the Company
was accrued for and included in Accounts payable and accrued expenses in the
Company's balance sheet as of December 31, 2004.

In November 2001, one of the defendants in the Stanwich Case, Jonathan Pardee,
asserted claims for indemnity against the Company in a separate action, which is
now pending in federal district court in Rhode Island. The Company has filed
counterclaims in the Rhode Island federal court against Mr. Pardee, and has
filed a separate action against Mr. Pardee's Rhode Island attorneys, in the same
court. The action of Mr. Pardee against CPS is stayed, awaiting resolution of an
adversary action brought against Mr. Pardee in the bankruptcy court, which is
hearing the bankruptcy of Stanwich.

The reader should consider that any adverse judgment against CPS in the Stanwich
Case (or the related case in Rhode Island) for indemnification, in an amount
materially in excess of any liability already recorded in respect thereof, could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position.

OTHER LITIGATION. On June 2, 2004, Delmar Coleman filed a lawsuit in the circuit
court of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, , alleging that plaintiff Coleman was harmed by an
alleged failure to refer, in the notice given after repossession of his vehicle,
to the right to purchase the vehicle by tender of the full amount owed under the
retail installment contract. Plaintiff seeks damages in an unspecified amount,
on behalf of a purported nationwide class. CPS removed the case to federal
bankruptcy court, and filed a motion for summary judgment as part of its
adversary proceeding against the plaintiff in the bankruptcy court. The federal
bankruptcy court granted the plaintiff's motion to send the matter back to
Alabama state court. CPS has appealed the ruling. Although CPS believes that it
has one or more defenses to each of the claims made in this lawsuit, no
discovery has yet been conducted and the case is still in its earliest stages.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to its outcome.

In June 2004, Plaintiff Jeremy Henry filed a lawsuit against the Company in the
California Superior Court, San Diego County, alleging improper practices related
to the notice given after repossession of a vehicle that he purchased.
Plaintiff's motion for a certification of a class has been denied, and is the
subject of an appeal now before the California Court of Appeal. Irrespective of
the outcome of that appeal, as to which there can be no assurance, the Company
has a number of defenses that may be asserted with respect to the claims of
plaintiff Henry.

                                      F-34
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


In August and September 2005, two plaintiffs represented by the same law firm
filed substantially identical lawsuits in the federal district court for the
northern district of Illinois, each of which purports to be a class action, and
each of which alleges that CPS improperly accessed consumer credit information.
CPS has reached agreements in principle to settle these cases, which await
confirmation by the court.

The Company has recorded a liability as of December 31, 2005 that it believes
represents a sufficient allowance for legal contingencies. Any adverse judgment
against the Company, if in an amount materially in excess of the recorded
liability, could have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the
Company. The Company is involved in various legal matters arising in the normal
course of business. Management believes that any liability as a result of those
matters would not have a material effect on the Company's financial position,
Results of Operations or Cash Flows.


(15) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

The Company sponsors a pretax savings and profit sharing plan (the "401(k)
Plan") qualified under section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the
401(k) Plan, eligible employees are able to contribute up to 15% of their
compensation (subject to stricter limitation in the case of highly compensated
employees). The Company may, at its discretion, match 100% of employees'
contributions up to $1,000 per employee per calendar year. The Company's
contributions to the 401(k) Plan were $439,000 and $409,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The Company did not make a matching
contribution in 2003.

The Company also sponsors the MFN Financial Corporation Pension Plan ("the
Plan"). The Plan benefits were frozen June 30, 2001. The following table sets
forth the plan's benefit obligations, fair value of plan assets, and funded
status at December 31, 2005 and 2004:

                                                               December 31,
                                                           --------------------
                                                             2005        2004
                                                           --------    --------
                                                             (In thousands)
Change in Projected Benefit Obligation
Projected benefit obligation, beginning of year ........   $ 13,683    $ 15,023
Service cost ...........................................         --          --
Interest cost ..........................................        845         821
Actuarial (gain) loss ..................................      1,867      (1,616)
Benefits paid ..........................................       (596)       (545)
                                                           --------    --------
   Projected benefit obligation, end of year ...........   $ 15,799    $ 13,683
                                                           ========    ========

The accumulated benefit obligation for the plan was $15.8 million and $13.7
million at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

Change in Plan Assets
Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year ...........   $ 13,287    $ 11,253
Return on assets .......................................        973       1,483
Employer contribution ..................................        207       1,149
Expenses ...............................................        (59)        (53)
Benefits paid ..........................................       (596)       (545)
                                                           --------    --------
   Fair value of plan assets, end of year ..............   $ 13,812    $ 13,287
                                                           ========    ========

                                      F-35
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                                                               December 31,
                                                                           ---------------------
                                                                             2005         2004
                                                                           --------     --------
                                                                              (In thousands)
<S>                                                                        <C>          <C>
Reconciliation of funded status of the plan and net amount recognized
Funded status of the plan ..............................................   $ (1,987)    $   (396)
Unrecognized loss ......................................................      4,071        2,062
Unrecognized transition asset ..........................................        (11)         (46)
Unrecognized prior service cost ........................................         --           --
                                                                           --------     --------
   Net amount recognized ...............................................   $  2,073     $  1,620
                                                                           ========     ========

Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations and cost at
December 31, 2005 and 2004 were as follows:

Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations
Discount rate ..........................................................      5.50%        6.25%
Rate of compensation increase ..........................................       N/A          N/A

Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost
Discount rate ..........................................................      5.50%        6.25%
Expected return on plan assets .........................................      8.50%        9.00%
Rate of compensation increase ..........................................       N/A          N/A

The Company's overall expected long-term rate of return on assets is 8.50% per
annum as of December 31, 2005. The expected long-term rate of return is based on
the weighted average of historical returns on individual asset categories, which
are described in more detail below.

Amounts recognized on Consolidated Balance Sheet
Prepaid benefit cost ...................................................   $     --     $     --
Accrued benefit liability ..............................................     (1,987)        (396)
Intangible asset .......................................................         --           --
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, pretax ...........................      4,060        2,016
                                                                           --------     --------
   Net amount recognized ...............................................   $  2,073     $  1,620
                                                                           ========     ========

Components of net periodic benefit cost
Service cost ...........................................................   $     --     $     --
Interest Cost ..........................................................        845          821
Expected return on assets ..............................................     (1,104)      (1,041)
Amortization of transition (asset)/obligation ..........................        (35)         (35)
Amortization of prior service cost .....................................         --           --
Recognized net actuarial loss ..........................................         48           69
                                                                           --------     --------
   Net periodic benefit cost ...........................................   $   (246)    $   (186)
                                                                           ========     ========
Unfunded Accumulated Benefit Obligation at Year-End
Projected Benefit Obligation ...........................................   $ 15,799     $ 13,683
Accumulated Benefit Obligation .........................................     15,799       13,683
Fair Value of Plan Assets ..............................................     13,812       13,288
</TABLE>

The weighted average asset allocation of the Company's pension benefits at
December 31, 2005 and 2004 were as follows:

Weighted Average Asset Allocation at Year-End

Asset Category
Domestic equity funds ....................................      61.9%      60.9%
International equity funds ...............................      13.1%      11.9%
Domestic fixed income funds ..............................      25.0%      27.1%
Other ....................................................       0.0%       0.1%
                                                            --------   --------
   Total .................................................     100.0%     100.0%
                                                            ========   ========

                                      F-36
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Cash Flows

Expected Benefit Payouts
2006 ...........................................................   $    476
2007 ...........................................................   $    511
2008 ...........................................................   $    570
2009 ...........................................................   $    574
2010 ...........................................................   $    593
Years 2011 - 2015 ..............................................   $  3,859

Anticipated Contributions in 2006 ..............................   $     --


The Company's investment policies and strategies for the pension benefits plan
utilize a target allocation of 70% equity securities and 30% fixed income
securities. The Company's investment goals are to maximize returns subject to
specific risk management policies. The Company addresses risk management and
diversification by the use of a professional investment advisor and several
sub-advisors which invest in domestic and international equity securities and
domestic fixed income securities. Each sub-advisor focuses its investments
within a specific sector of the equity or fixed income market. For the
sub-advisors focused on the equity markets, the sectors are differentiated by
the market capitalization and the relative valuation of the underlying issuer.
For the sub-advisors focused on the fixed income markets, the sectors are
differentiated by the credit quality and the maturity of the underlying fixed
income investment. The investments made by the sub-advisors are readily
marketable and can be sold to fund benefit payment obligations as they become
payable.


(16) FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The following summary presents a description of the methodologies and
assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the Company's financial
instruments. Much of the information used to determine fair value is highly
subjective. When applicable, readily available market information has been
utilized. However, for a significant portion of the Company's financial
instruments, active markets do not exist. Therefore, considerable judgments were
required in estimating fair value for certain items. The subjective factors
include, among other things, the estimated timing and amount of cash flows, risk
characteristics, credit quality and interest rates, all of which are subject to
change. Since the fair value is estimated as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, the
amounts that will actually be realized or paid at settlement or maturity of the
instruments could be significantly different. The estimated fair values of
financial assets and liabilities at December 31, 2005 and 2004, were as follows:

                                      F-37
<PAGE>


               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                ------------------------------------------
                                                                                       2005                   2004
                                                                                --------- ----------   --------   --------
                                                                                Carrying     Fair      Carrying     Fair
Financial Instrument                                                              Value     Value        Value      Value
- --------------------                                                            --------- ----------   --------   --------
                                                                                               (In thousands)
<S>                                                                             <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>
Cash and cash equivalents....................................................   $  17,789 $   17,789   $ 14,366   $ 14,366
Restricted cash and cash equivalents..........................................    157,662    157,662    125,113    125,113
Finance receivables, net .....................................................    913,576    913,576    550,191    550,191
Residual interest in securitizations .........................................     25,220     25,220     50,430     50,430
Accrued interest receivable ..................................................     10,930     10,930      6,411      6,411
Note receivable and accrued interest .........................................      2,178      2,178      2,800      2,800
Warehouse lines of credit ....................................................     35,350     35,350     34,279     34,279
Notes payable ................................................................        211        211      1,421      1,421
Residual interest financing ..................................................     43,745     43,745     22,204     22,204
Securitization trust debt ....................................................    924,026    914,901    542,815    539,749
Senior secured debt ..........................................................     40,000     40,000     59,829     59,829
Subordinated renewable notes .................................................      4,655      4,655         --         --
Subordinated debt ............................................................     14,000     14,000     15,000     15,113
</TABLE>


CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH

The carrying value equals fair value.


FINANCE RECEIVABLES, NET

The carrying value approximates fair value because the related interest rates
are estimated to reflect current market conditions for similar types of
instruments.


RESIDUAL INTEREST IN SECURITIZATIONS

The fair value is estimated by discounting future cash flows using credit and
discount rates that the Company believes reflect the estimated credit, interest
rate and prepayment risks associated with similar types of instruments.


ACCRUED INTEREST RECEIVABLE

The carrying value approximates fair value because the related interest rates
are estimated to reflect current market conditions for similar types of
instruments.


NOTE RECEIVABLE

The fair value is estimated by discounting future cash flows using credit and
discount rates that the Company believes reflect the estimated credit and
interest rate risks associated with similar types of instruments.

                                      F-38
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


WAREHOUSE LINES OF CREDIT, NOTES PAYABLE, RESIDUAL INTEREST FINANCING, AND
SENIOR SECURED DEBT AND SUBORDINATED RENEWABLE NOTES

The carrying value approximates fair value because the related interest rates
are estimated to reflect current market conditions for similar types of secured
instruments.


SECURITIZATION TRUST DEBT

The fair value is estimated by discounting future cash flows using interest
rates that the Company believes reflect the current market rates.


SUBORDINATED DEBT

The fair value is based on a market quote.


(17) LIQUIDITY

The Company's business requires substantial cash to support its purchases of
Contracts and other operating activities. The Company's primary sources of cash
have been cash flows from operating activities, including proceeds from sales of
Contracts, amounts borrowed under various revolving credit facilities (also
sometimes known as warehouse credit facilities), servicing fees on portfolios of
Contracts previously sold in securitization transactions or serviced for third
parties, customer payments of principal and interest on finance receivables,
fees for origination of Contracts, and releases of cash from securitized
portfolios of Contracts in which the Company has retained a residual ownership
interest and from the Spread Accounts associated with such pools. The Company's
primary uses of cash have been the purchases of Contracts, repayment of amounts
borrowed under lines of credit and otherwise, operating expenses such as
employee, interest, occupancy expenses and other general and administrative
expenses, the establishment of Spread Accounts and initial
overcollateralization, if any, and the increase of Credit Enhancement to
required levels in securitization transactions, and income taxes. There can be
no assurance that internally generated cash will be sufficient to meet the
Company's cash demands. The sufficiency of internally generated cash will depend
on the performance of securitized pools (which determines the level of releases
from those portfolios and their related Spread Accounts), the rate of expansion
or contraction in the Company's managed portfolio, and the terms upon which the
Company is able to acquire, sell, and borrow against Contracts.

Net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2005,
2004 and 2003 was $36.7 million, $9.9 million and $98.9 million, respectively.
Cash from operating activities is generally provided by the net releases from
the Company's securitization Trusts. The increase in 2005 vs. 2004 is due in
part to the Company's increased net earnings before the significant increase in
the provision for credit losses. The decrease in 2004 vs. 2003 is primarily the
result of the Company's decision, in July 2003, to treat all of its future
securitizations as secured financings. As a result 2005 and 2004 includes no
activity related to Contracts held for sale.

Net cash used in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2005,
2004 and 2003, was $411.7 million, $314.0 million, and $178.9 million,
respectively. Cash used in investing activities has generally related to
purchases of Contracts, the cost of the SeaWest Asset Acquisition and the
acquisition of TFC. Purchase of finance receivables held for investors were
$691.3, $506.0 and $175.3 in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Cash used in the
TFC Merger, net of the cash acquired in the transaction, totaled $10.2 million
for the year ended December 31, 2003.

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2005,
was $378.4 million compared with $285.3 million in 2004 and $80.3 million for
the year ended December 31, 2003. Cash used or provided by financing activities
is primarily attributable to the issuance or repayment of debt. In connection
with the TFC Merger the Company assumed securitization trust debt related to


                                      F-39
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


three securitization transactions held by consolidated subsidiaries and assumed
additional subordinated debt. With the change in the securitization structure
implemented in the third quarter of 2003, $662.4 million of securitization trust
debt was issued in 2005 as compared to $474.7 million in 2004 and $154.4 million
in 2003.

Contracts are purchased from Dealers for a cash price approximating their
principal amount, adjusted for an acquisition fee which may either increase or
decrease the Contract purchase price, and generate cash flow over a period of
years. As a result, the Company has been dependent on warehouse credit
facilities to purchase Contracts, and on the availability of cash from outside
sources in order to finance its continuing operations, as well as to fund the
portion of Contract purchase prices not financed under revolving warehouse
credit facilities. As of December 31, 2005, the Company had $350 million in
warehouse credit capacity, in the form of a $200 million facility and a $150
million facility. The first facility provides funding for Contracts purchased
under the TFC Programs while both warehouse facilities provide funding for
Contracts purchased under the CPS Programs. A third facility in the amount of
$125 million, which the Company utilized to fund Contracts under the CPS and TFC
Programs was terminated by the Company on June 29, 2005

The $150 million warehouse facility is structured to allow CPS to fund a portion
of the purchase price of Contracts by drawing against a floating rate variable
funding note issued by its consolidated subsidiary Page Three Funding, LLC. This
facility was established on November 15, 2005, and expires on November 14, 2006,
although it is renewable with the mutual agreement of the parties. Up to 80% of
the principal balance of Contracts may be advanced to the Company under this
facility, subject to collateral tests and certain other conditions and
covenants. Notes under this facility accrue interest at a rate of one-month
LIBOR plus 2.00% per annum. At December 31, 2005, $34.5 million was outstanding
under this facility.

The $200 million warehouse facility is similarly structured to allow CPS to fund
a portion of the purchase price of Contracts by drawing against a floating rate
variable funding note issued by its consolidated subsidiary Page Funding LLC.
This facility was entered into on June 30, 2004. On June 29, 2005 the facility
was increased from $100 million to $125 million and further amended to provide
for funding for Contracts purchased under the TFC Programs. It was increased
again to $200 million on August 31, 2005. Approximately 77.0% of the principal
balance of Contracts may be advanced to the Company under this facility, subject
to collateral tests and certain other conditions and covenants. Notes under this
facility accrue interest at a rate of one-month LIBOR plus 1.50% per annum. The
lender has annual termination options at its sole discretion on each June 30
through 2007, at which time the agreement expires. At December 31, 2005,
$836,000 was outstanding under this facility, compared to zero at December 31,
2004.


The $125 million warehouse facility was structured to allow the Company to fund
a portion of the purchase price of Contracts by drawing against a floating rate
variable funding note issued by its consolidated subsidiary CPS Warehouse Trust.
This facility was established on March 7, 2002, and the maximum amount was
increased to $125 million in November 2002. Up to 73.0% of the principal balance
of Contracts could have been advanced to the Company under this facility bore
interest at a rate of one-month commercial paper plus 1.50% per annum. This
facility was due to expire on April 11, 2006, but the Company elected to
terminate it on June 29, 2005. At December 31, 2004, $34.3 million was
outstanding under this facility.

The Company securitized $674.4 million of Contracts in five private placement
transactions during the year ended December 31, 2005 compared to $463.9 million
in five private placements during 2004. All of these transactions were
structured as secured financings and, therefore, resulted in no gain on sale. In
March 2004 a wholly-owned bankruptcy remote consolidated subsidiary of the
Company issued $44 million of asset-backed notes secured by its retained
interest in eight term securitization transactions. The notes had an interest
rate of 10% per annum and a final maturity in October 2009, were required to be
repaid from the distributions on the underlying retained interests. In
connection with the issuance of the notes, the Company incurred and capitalized
issuance costs of $1.3 million. The Company repaid the notes in full in August
2005. In November 2005, the Company completed similar securitizations whereby a
wholly-owned bankruptcy remote consolidated subsidiary of the Company issued
$45.8 million of asset-backed notes secured by its retained interest in tem term
securitization transactions. These notes, which bear interest at a blended
interest rate of 8.36% per annum and have a final maturity in July 2011, are
required to be repaid from the distributions on the underlying retained
interests. In connection with the issuance of the notes, the Company incurred
and capitalized issuance costs of $915,000.

                                      F-40
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


For the portfolio owned by non consolidated subsidiaries, cash used to increase
Credit Enhancement amounts to required levels for the years ended December 31,
2005, 2004 and 2003 was zero, $2.9 million and $20.9 million, respectively. Cash
released from Trusts and their related Spread Accounts to the Company related to
the portfolio owned by consolidated subsidiaries for the years ended December
31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 was $23.1 million, $21.4 million and $25.9 million,
respectively. Changes in the amount of Credit Enhancement required for term
securitization transactions and releases from Trusts and their related Spread
Accounts are affected by the relative size, seasoning and performance of the
various pools of Contracts securitized that make up the Company's managed
portfolio to which the respective Spread Accounts are related. During the years
ended December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2004 the Company made no initial
deposits to Spread Accounts and funded no initial overcollateralization related
to its term securitization transactions owned by non-consolidated subsidiaries,
compared to $18.7 million in the 2003 The acquisition of Contracts for
subsequent sale in securitization transactions, and the need to fund Spread
Accounts and initial overcollateralization, if any, and increase Credit
Enhancement levels when those transactions take place, results in a continuing
need for capital. The amount of capital required is most heavily dependent on
the rate of the Company's Contract purchases (other than flow purchases), the
required level of initial Credit Enhancement in securitizations, and the extent
to which the previously established Trusts and their related Spread Accounts
either release cash to the Company or capture cash from collections on
securitized Contracts. The Company is currently limited in its ability to
purchase Contracts due to certain liquidity constraints. As of December 31,
2005, the Company had cash on hand of $17.8 million and available Contract
purchase commitments from its warehouse credit facilities of $314.6 million. The
Company's plans to manage the need for liquidity include the completion of
additional term securitizations that would provide additional credit
availability from the warehouse credit facilities, and matching its levels of
Contract purchases to its availability of cash. There can be no assurance that
the Company will be able to complete term securitizations on favorable economic
terms or that the Company will be able to complete term securitizations at all.
If the Company is unable to complete such securitizations, interest income and
other portfolio related income would decrease.

The Company's primary means of ensuring that its cash demands do not exceed its
cash resources is to match its levels of Contract purchases to its availability
of cash. The Company's ability to adjust the quantity of Contracts that it
purchases and securitizes will be subject to general competitive conditions and
the continued availability of warehouse credit facilities. There can be no
assurance that the desired level of Contract acquisition can be maintained or
increased. While the specific terms and mechanics of each Spread Account vary
among transactions, the Company's Securitization Agreements generally provide
that the Company will receive excess cash flows only if the amount of Credit
Enhancement has reached specified levels and/or the delinquency, defaults or net
losses related to the Contracts in the pool are below certain predetermined
levels. In the event delinquencies, defaults or net losses on the Contracts
exceed such levels, the terms of the securitization: (i) may require increased
Credit Enhancement to be accumulated for the particular pool; (ii) may restrict
the distribution to the Company of excess cash flows associated with other
pools; or (iii) in certain circumstances, may permit the insurers to require the
transfer of servicing on some or all of the Contracts to another servicer. There
can be no assurance that collections from the related Trusts will continue to
generate sufficient cash.

Certain of the Company's securitization transactions and the warehouse credit
facilities contain various financial covenants requiring certain minimum
financial ratios and results. Such covenants include maintaining minimum levels
of liquidity and net worth and not exceeding maximum leverage levels and maximum
financial losses. In addition, certain securitization and non-securitization
related debt contain cross-default provisions that would allow certain creditors
to declare a default if a default occurred under a different facility.

The Servicing Agreements of the Company's securitization transactions are
terminable by the insurers of certain of the Trust's obligations ("Note
Insurers") in the event of certain defaults by the Company and under certain
other circumstances. Were a Note Insurer in the future to exercise its option to
terminate the Servicing Agreements, such a termination would have a material
adverse effect on the Company's liquidity and results of operations. The Company
continues to receive Servicer extensions on a monthly and/or quarterly basis,
pursuant to the Servicing Agreements.

                                      F-41
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(18) SELECTED QUARTERLY DATA (UNAUDITED)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        Quarter     Quarter       Quarter         Quarter
                                         Ended       Ended         Ended           Ended
                                       March 31,    June 30,    September 30,   December 31,
                                        --------    --------    ------------    ------------
                                            (In thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                     <C>         <C>         <C>             <C>
2005
Revenues ............................   $ 41,833    $ 47,776    $     49,374    $     54,714
Income (loss) before income taxes ...       (239)        545           1,398           1,668
Net income (loss) ...................       (239)        545           1,398           1,668
Income (loss) per share:
   Basic ............................   $  (0.01)   $   0.03    $       0.06    $       0.08
   Diluted ..........................      (0.01)       0.02            0.06            0.07
                                                                                        2004
Revenues ............................   $ 27,522    $ 32,687    $     34,913    $     37,570
Loss before income taxes ............     (1,407)       (174)         (2,061)        (12,246)
Net loss ............................     (1,407)       (174)         (2,061)        (12,246)
Loss per share:
   Basic ............................   $  (0.07)   $  (0.01)   $      (0.10)   $      (0.57)
   Diluted ..........................      (0.07)      (0.01)          (0.10)          (0.57)
</TABLE>

                                      F-42
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.6.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cps_ex040601.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO SECURED NOTE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 4.6.1


                                  AMENDMENT TO
                    AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURED SENIOR NOTE
                    ----------------------------------------



         THIS AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURED SENIOR NOTE, effective
as of December 13, 2005 (this "AMENDMENT"), is entered into by and between
CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC., a California corporation (the "COMPANY"), and
LEVINE LEICHTMAN CAPITAL PARTNERS II, L.P., a California limited partnership
(the "PURCHASER" and, together with any registered assigns, the "HOLDER").

                                 R E C I T A L S

     A. The Company and the Purchaser are parties to that certain Third Amended
and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of January 29, 2004, as
amended by a March 25 Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of
March 25, 2004, a Consent and First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of April 2, 2004, a Third Amendment to
Third Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of May 28,
2004, and a Fourth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Securities Purchase
Agreement dated as of June 25, 2004 (as so amended, the "SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT").

     B. The Purchaser is the holder of that certain Amended and Restated Secured
Senior Note, as amended and restated January 29, 2004, issued by the Company to
the Purchaser in the original principal amount of $15,000,000 (the "TERM D
NOTE"). Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used and not otherwise
defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Securities Purchase
Agreement or the Term D Note, as the case may be.

     C. As provided in that certain letter agreement dated December 13, 2005
(the "TERM D NOTE LETTER Agreement") between the Company and the Purchaser, the
Company has requested that the Purchaser extend the Maturity Date of the Term D
Note from December 15, 2005, to December 18, 2006, and the Purchaser has agreed
to do so, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Term D
Note Letter Agreement and this Amendment.

                                A G R E E M E N T

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants,
conditions and provisions contained herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
parties hereby agree as follows:


                                       1
<PAGE>

     1. AMENDMENT OF SECTION 3 (MATURITY DATE). Section 3 of the Term D Note is
hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows:

          "3. MATURITY DATE. The Company shall pay in full the entire
     outstanding principal balance of this Note, together with all premium, if
     any, accrued and unpaid interest on, and all other amounts owing under this
     Note, on December 18, 2006 (the "MATURITY DATE")."

     2. COMPANY REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. To induce the Purchaser to enter
into this Amendment, the Company represents and warrants to the Purchaser that:

          (a) This Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by
the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors and constitutes a legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Company and each such Subsidiary Guarantor,
enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms;

          (b) The execution, delivery and performance of the Term D Letter
Agreement by the Company and this Amendment (the "AMENDMENT DOCUMENTS") by the
Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, and the consummation of the other
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not violate or conflict with,
or cause a default under, or give rise to a right of termination under, (i) the
charter or bylaws of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as in effect on the
date hereof; (ii) any Material Contract (including any Securitization
Transaction Document), indenture, note, mortgage, instrument or other agreement
to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any
of its or their properties or assets are bound or (iii) any Applicable Laws;

          (c) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or other
Affiliates is required to obtain any Consent in connection with execution,
delivery or performance of this Amendment or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, or for the purpose of maintaining in full
force and effect any Licenses and Permits of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, from (a) any Governmental Authority, (b) any trustee, Credit
Enhancer, rating agency or other party to any Securitization Transaction in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Amendment or any Related
Agreement or (c) any other Person;

          (d) The outstanding principal balances and "Maturity Dates" of the
Notes, respectively, are as follows (provided that the "Maturity Date" of the
Term D Note gives effect to this Amendment):

                                      Outstanding
Note                                Principal Balance            Maturity Date
- ----                                -----------------            -------------
Term B Note............                 $19,828,527            December 15, 2005
Term D Note............                  15,000,000            December 18, 2006
Term E Note............                  15,000,000                 May 27, 2006
Term F Note............                  10,000,000                June 24, 2006
                                    -----------------
                                        $59,828,527
                                    =================

                                       2
<PAGE>

          (e) No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or
will result from the execution, delivery or performance of any Amendment
Document or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby;

          (f) The security interests and liens granted by the Company under the
Collateral Documents continue to constitute legal, valid, enforceable and
perfected first priority security interests in the Collateral, prior in right to
all other Liens, which secure the due and punctual payment, performance and
observance in full of all Obligations, including, without limitation, all
Indebtedness and other Obligations under the Term B Note, the Term D Note, as
amended hereby, the Term E Note and the Term F Note; and

          (g) Since June 25, 2004, the Company has not formed or acquired any
Subsidiaries other than Special Purpose Entities formed solely for the purposes
of effectuating Securitization Transactions.

     3. CONFIRMATION; FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. The amendment set forth in Section
1 above shall amend the Term D Note on and as of the date hereof, and the Term D
Note shall remain in full force and effect, as amended thereby, from and after
the date hereof in accordance with its terms. The Company hereby ratifies,
approves and affirms in all respects each of the Securities Purchase Agreement,
each of the Notes, the Collateral Documents (including the Liens granted in
favor of the Purchaser under the Collateral Documents) and each of the other
Related Agreements, the terms and other provisions hereof and thereof and the
Obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance of
this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of, or limitation with respect to,
any right, power or remedy of the Purchaser under the Securities Purchase
Agreement, the Term D Note, as amended hereby, any other Note, any Collateral
Documents, any other Related Agreement or any Applicable Laws.

     4. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Amendment, together with
the Term D Note Letter Agreement, constitute the entire understanding and
agreement between the Company and the Purchaser with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersede all prior oral and written, and all contemporaneous
oral, agreements and understandings with respect thereto. This Amendment shall
inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company, the Purchaser and
their respective successors and permitted assigns.

     5. GOVERNING LAW. This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed and
enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California applicable to
contracts made and performed in such State, without regard to principles
regarding choice of law or conflicts of laws.

     6. COUNTERPARTS. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts
and by facsimile transmission, each of which shall be deemed an original, but
all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.



                                       3
<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment to be executed
and delivered by its duly authorized representatives as of the date first
written above.

                                       COMPANY

                                       CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC.,
                                       a California corporation



                                       By: /s/ Charles E. Bradley, Jr.
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Charles E. Bradley, Jr.
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer



AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED:

LEVINE LEICHTMAN CAPITAL PARTNERS, INC.

         On behalf of LEVINE LEICHTMAN
         CAPITAL PARTNERS II, L.P.


         By: /s/ Steven E. Hartman
             ------------------------------
             Steven E. Hartman
             Vice President




                                       4

<PAGE>



                           ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CONSENT
                            OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS
                            ------------------------


         Each of the undersigned Subsidiary Guarantors hereby acknowledges that
it has read the foregoing Amendment to Amended and Restated Secured Senior Note
and consents to its terms. Each of the undersigned further acknowledges and
agrees that the Term D Note, as amended by the foregoing Amendment, and the
other Notes each constitutes a Guarantied Obligation and reaffirms its
obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty and the other Related Agreements to
which it is a party, all of which remains in full force and effect.


                  CPS LEASING, INC., a Delaware corporation

                  CPS MARKETING, INC., a California corporation

                  MFN FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY LLC, a Delaware limited liability
                  company

                  MERCURY FINANCE CORPORATION OF ALABAMA, an Alabama corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF ARIZONA, an Arizona corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF COLORADO, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF DELAWARE, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF FLORIDA, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF GEORGIA, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF ILLINOIS, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF INDIANA, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF KENTUCKY, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF LOUISIANA, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF MICHIGAN, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF MISSISSIPPI, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF MISSOURI, a Missouri corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF NEVADA, a Nevada corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF NEW YORK, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF NORTH CAROLINA, a Delaware
                  corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF OHIO, a Delaware corporation

                  MFC FINANCE COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF PENNSYLVANIA, a Delaware
                  corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF SOUTH CAROLINA, a Delaware
                  corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF TENNESSEE, a Tennessee corporation

                  MFC FINANCE COMPANY OF TEXAS, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF VIRGINIA, a Delaware corporation

                  MERCURY FINANCE COMPANY OF WISCONSIN, a Delaware corporation


                                       5
<PAGE>

                  GULFCO INVESTMENT, INC., a Louisiana corporation

                  GULFCO FINANCE COMPANY, a Louisiana corporation

                  MIDLAND FINANCE CO., an Illinois corporation

                  MFN INSURANCE COMPANY, a company organized and existing under
                  the laws of Turks and Caicos

                  TFC ENTERPRISES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the surviving
                  corporation of the TFC Merger)

                  THE FINANCE COMPANY, a Virginia corporation

                  FIRST COMMUNITY FINANCE, INC., a Virginia corporation

                  RECOVERIES, INC., a Virginia corporation

                  PC ACCEPTANCE.COM, INC., a Virginia corporation

                  THE INSURANCE AGENCY, INC., a Virginia corporation

                  71270 CORP., a Delaware corporation



                  By: ___________________________________
                  Name: _________________________________
                  Title: ________________________________


                  By: ___________________________________
                  Name: _________________________________
                  Title: ________________________________




                                       6





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cps_10kex10-0201.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF OPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
exhibit 10.2.1



              OPTION AGREEMENT - Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc.

THIS OPTION AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") IS THE "OPTION AGREEMENT" REFERRED TO
ON THE REVERSE SIDE OF THIS PAGE. THE REVERSE SIDE OF THIS PAGE IS CAPTIONED
"Notice of Grant of Stock Options and Option Agreement" (herein, the "Notice").

The Notice and this Agreement are to be read and interpreted as ONE DOCUMENT and
are hereafter referred to, together, as "this Option."

This Option is by and between Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., a California
corporation (referred to herein, together with its subsidiaries, as the
"Company" or "Consumer Portfolio Services") and the "Employee."

This Option is issued pursuant to the Company's 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan
(referred to herein as the "Plan" or "Company's Stock Option Plan") and is
designated by the Option Number recorded on the Notice.

Capitalized terms used in this Option and not otherwise defined have the
meanings given in the Plan. As used in this Option, the following terms have the
meanings given below:

"Employee" means  the individual named on the Notice

"Date of Grant" means the date recorded next to the word "Effective" on the
Notice

"Expiration Date" means the date recorded one or more times under the word
"Expiration" in the Notice

"Maximum Grant" means the number preceding the word "shares" in the first
paragraph of the Notice

"Option Price" means the price per share of the stock as recorded in the first
paragraph of the Notice


1, GRANT OF OPTION. The Company hereby grants to Employee the option to
purchase, upon and subject to the terms and conditions of this Option and of the
Plan, all or any part of the Maximum Grant of the Company's common stock (also
referred to in the Notice as "stock"), at the Option Price specified above. The
shares so purchased or available for purchase are referred to herein as the
"Option Shares." This Option is intended to qualify as an incentive option
within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.

2. EXERCISABILITY. This Option shall become exercisable in installments. The
number of shares exercisable at any particular time is determined according to
the vesting schedule on the Notice, which outlines the timing (as recorded under
the words "Full Vest") and number of shares (as recorded under the word
"Shares") of each installment. This Option shall remain exercisable as to all of
such shares until the Expiration Date, at which time it shall expire in its
entirety, unless this Option has expired or terminated earlier in accordance
with the provisions hereof or of the Plan. In all events, the number of shares
that may be purchased at any time under this Option is reduced by the number of
shares previously so purchased.

                                       1
<PAGE>

3. EXERCISE OF OPTION. This Option may be exercised by written notice delivered
to the Company stating the number of Option Shares with respect to which this
Option is being exercised, together with the full Option Price of such shares in
cash, bank cashier's check, or such other form of payment as may be permitted by
resolution of the board of directors of the Company or the committee of said
board charged with administration of the Plan (said board or committee, the
"Administrator"). Not less than ten (10) Option Shares may be purchased at any
one time unless the number purchased is the total number that remains to be
purchased under this Option, and in no event may this Option be exercised with
respect to fractional shares. Upon exercise, the Employee shall make appropriate
arrangements and shall be responsible for the withholding of any federal or
state income or employment taxes then due. Employee agrees that the Company may
decline to permit exercise in the absence of such withholding arrangements.

4. NOTIFICATION OF SALE. Employee agrees that Employee, or any person acquiring
Option Shares upon exercise of this Option, will notify the Company in writing
not more than five (5) days after any sale or other disposition of such shares.

5. CESSATION OF EMPLOYMENT. Except as provided in Paragraphs 7, 8 or 12 hereof,
if the Employee ceases to be employed by the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company, this Option shall expire three months thereafter, but not later than
the Expiration Date specified in Paragraph 2 hereof; provided, however, that if
the termination of employment is the result of Employee's death or disability,
then this Option shall expire one year after the termination of employment, but
not later than the Expiration Date specified in Paragraph 2 hereof. During such
period or extended period after termination of employment, this Option shall be
exercisable only to the extent, if any, that it had become exercisable on the
date of termination, and any rights of Employee with respect to Option Shares
not exercisable as of such date shall expire and terminate automatically on such
date.

6. REDUCTION IN STATUS. This Option is granted based on Employee's position or
status within the Company at the Date of Grant. Should Employee at any time no
longer be employed in such position, but rather in a position of substantially
less responsibility, as determined by the Administrator, then from and after the
date of such change in status ("Change Date") the number of shares as to which
this Option shall be exercisable shall be the greater of (i) the number of
shares as to which this Option was exercisable on the Change Date, and (ii) the
number of shares as to which this Option would be exercisable if the Maximum
Grant specified in Paragraph 1 hereof were a lesser number, determined by the
Administrator, that would be equal to the maximum grant that the Company then
customarily grants to individuals in positions similar to Employee's new
position. Such lesser number may be zero. In no event shall such a change in
terms of this Option result in either (i) an increase in the Maximum Grant, or
(ii) Employee's losing the right to exercise this Option as to the Option Shares
that Employee had the right to purchase on the Change Date.

7. TERMINATION FOR CAUSE. If the Employee's employment by the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company is terminated for cause, this Option shall
automatically expire unless reinstated by the Administrator within thirty (30)
days of such termination by giving written notice of such reinstatement to the
Employee. In the event of such reinstatement, the Employee may exercise this
Option only to such extent, for such time, and upon such terms and conditions as
in the case of the a termination for a reason other than cause, disability or
death. Termination for cause shall include, but not be limited to: (a) gross
neglect or willful failure to perform fully Employee's duties and obligations to
the Company; (b) indictment for or conviction of a felony or any other crime
involving moral turpitude; (c) the commission of any fraudulent or dishonest
acts affecting the business or assets of the Company or others with whom the
Company has a business or client relationship; and (d) drug or alcohol abuse or
dependency so as to adversely affect Employee's ability to perform fully
Employee's duties and obligations to the Company. The determination of the
Administrator with respect to the existence of cause for termination shall be
final and conclusive.


                                       2
<PAGE>

8. DISABILITY OR DEATH OF EMPLOYEE. If the Employee's employment by the Company
or any Subsidiary of the Company is terminated by reason of death or disability
or if the Employee dies or becomes permanently and totally disabled (within the
meaning of Section 22 of the Internal Revenue Code) during the period referred
to in Paragraph 5 hereof, this Option shall automatically expire and terminate
twelve (12) months after the date of the Employee's disability or death, but no
later than the Expiration Date specified in Paragraph 2 hereof. After Employee's
death but before such expiration, the person or persons to whom the Employee's
rights under this Option shall have passed by order of a court of competent
jurisdiction or by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution, or
the executor, administrator or conservator of the Employee's estate, shall have
the right to exercise this Option to the extent, if any, that it had become
exercisable as of the date of termination of employment.

9. NONTRANSFERABILITY. This Option shall not be transferable except by will or
by the laws of descent and distribution, and shall be exercisable during the
Employee's lifetime only by the Employee.

10. EMPLOYMENT. This Option shall not obligate the Company to employ Employee
for any period, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company
to increase or reduce the Employee's compensation, or to promote, demote or
reassign Employee.

11. PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP. Employee shall have no rights as a
stockholder with respect to the Option Shares unless and until said Option
Shares are issued to the Employee as provided in the Plan. Except as provided in
Section 14 of the Plan, no adjustment will be made for dividends or other rights
in respect of which the record date is prior to the date such stock certificates
are issued.

12. MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS. The rights of the
Employee are subject to modification and termination upon the occurrence of
certain events as provided in Section 6(c) of the Plan (relating to stock splits
and other corporate reorganization or recapitalization transactions) and Section
11 (relating to a Change in Control). Any such modification, to the extent
authorized by the Plan, shall be effective at such time and upon such terms and
conditions as may be specified in a notice sent to Employee in accordance with
Paragraph 13 hereof.

13. NOTICES. All notices to the Company provided for in this Option shall be
addressed to the Company in care of its President at its principal office and
all notices to the Employee shall be addressed to the address appearing in
Employee's personnel file maintained by the Company, or to such other address as
either may designate to the other in writing. Notice to the Company shall be
effective upon receipt, and notice to the Employee shall be effective on the
second business day after mailing, or upon receipt, whichever is earlier.

14. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the
State of California.

15. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENTS. This Option (together with the Plan) contains
the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and may not be amended except by a written amendment signed by the party
to be charged, or pursuant to Sections 6(c), 11 or 13 of the Plan. "The subject
matter hereof" is any and all options to purchase Company securities that
Employee has earned or has any right to receive.

                                       3
<PAGE>

16. INCORPORATION OF PLAN. All of the provisions of the Plan are incorporated
herein by reference as if set forth in full herein. In the event of any conflict
between the terms of the Plan and any provision contained herein, the terms of
the Plan shall be controlling and the conflicting provisions herein shall be
disregarded.

  READ THIS BEFORE SIGNING BELOW



Furthermore, you acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Company's Stock Option
Plan and by signing this Notice you are signing and agreeing to the "Option
Agreement."




                                       4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cps_10kex10-10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


         SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT") dated as of November
15, 2005, among PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the "PURCHASER"), CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC., a California corporation
(in its capacities as Seller, the "SELLER" and as Servicer, the "SERVICER,"
respectively), WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking
association (in its capacities as Backup Servicer, the "BACKUP SERVICER" and as
Trustee, the "TRUSTEE," respectively).

         WHEREAS, the Purchaser desires to purchase, from time to time,
portfolios of receivables arising in connection with motor vehicle retail
installment sale contracts acquired by Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., from
motor vehicle dealers and independent finance companies;

         WHEREAS, the Purchaser intends to finance such purchases by issuing the
Note, secured by, among other assets, the Receivables and the Other Conveyed
Property, pursuant to the Indenture (as defined below);

         WHEREAS, the Seller is willing to sell such Receivables and the Other
Conveyed Property to the Purchaser from time to time; and

         WHEREAS the Servicer is willing to service all such Receivables.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I
                                   ---------

                                   DEFINITIONS
                                   -----------

         SECTION 1.1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and
not otherwise defined in this Agreement, shall have the meanings set forth in
Annex A attached hereto.

         SECTION 1.2. OTHER DEFINITIONAL PROVISIONS.

                  (a) All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined
         meanings when used in any instrument governed hereby and in any
         certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless
         otherwise defined therein.

                  (b) Accounting terms used but not defined or partly defined in
         this Agreement, in any instrument governed hereby or in any certificate
         or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto, to the extent not
         defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP as
         in effect on the date of determination or any such instrument,
         certificate or other document, as applicable. To the extent that the
         definitions of accounting terms in this Agreement or in any such
         instrument, certificate or other document are inconsistent with the
         meanings of such terms under GAAP, the definitions contained in this
         Agreement or in any such instrument, certificate or other document
         shall control.

                  (c) The words "HEREOF," "HEREIN," "HEREUNDER" and words of
         similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this
         Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
         Agreement.

                  (d) Section, Schedule and Exhibit references contained in this
         Agreement are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to
         this Agreement unless otherwise specified; and the term "INCLUDING"
         shall mean "INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION."

                  (e) The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable
         to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the
         masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such terms.

                  Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to
herein or in any instrument or certificate delivered in connection herewith
means such agreement, instrument or statute as the same may from time to time be
amended, modified or supplemented in accordance with the terms thereof and
includes (in the case of agreements or instruments) references to all
attachments and instruments associated therewith; all references to a Person
include its permitted successors and assigns.

                                   ARTICLE II

                            CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES
                            -------------------------

         SECTION 2.1. CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES.

                  (a) In consideration of the Purchaser's delivery to or upon
         the order of the Seller on any Funding Date of the Purchase Price
         therefor, the Seller does hereby sell, transfer, assign, set over and
         otherwise convey to the Purchaser, without recourse (subject to the
         obligations set forth herein) all right, title and interest of the
         Seller, whether now existing or hereafter arising, in, to and under:

                           (i) the Receivables listed in Schedule A to each
                  Assignment executed and delivered by the Seller on such
                  Funding Date;

                           (ii) all monies received under the Receivables on and
                  after the related Cutoff Date and all Net Liquidation Proceeds
                  received with respect to the Receivables on and after the
                  related Cutoff Date;

                           (iii) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles
                  and any accessions thereto granted by Obligors pursuant to the
                  related Contracts and any other interest of the Seller in such
                  Financed Vehicles, including, without limitation, the
                  certificates of title or, with respect to such Receivables
                  that finance a vehicle in the States listed in ANNEX B, other
                  evidence of title issued by the applicable Department of Motor
                  Vehicles or similar authority in such States, with respect to
                  such Financed Vehicles;

                           (iv) any proceeds from claims on any Receivables
                  Insurance Policies or certificates relating to the Financed
                  Vehicles securing the Receivables or the Obligors thereunder;

                           (v) all proceeds from recourse against Dealers with
                  respect to the Receivables and all other rights (but none of
                  the obligations) of the Seller under any agreements with
                  Dealers;

                           (vi) refunds for the costs of extended service
                  contracts with respect to Financed Vehicles securing the
                  Receivables, refunds of unearned premiums with respect to
                  credit life and credit accident and health insurance policies
                  or certificates covering an Obligor or Financed Vehicle under
                  a Receivable or his or her obligations with respect to a
                  Financed Vehicle and any recourse to Dealers for any of the
                  foregoing;

                           (vii) the Receivable File related to each Receivable
                  and all other documents that the Seller keeps on file in
                  accordance with its customary procedures relating to the
                  Receivables for Obligors of the Financed Vehicles;

                           (viii) all amounts and property from time to time
                  held in or credited to the Collection Account or the Lockbox
                  Account;

                           (ix) all property (including the right to receive
                  future Net Liquidation Proceeds) that secures a Receivable
                  that has been acquired by or on behalf of the Seller or the
                  Purchaser pursuant to a liquidation of such Receivable;

                           (x) the proceeds from any Servicer's errors and
                  omissions policy or fidelity bond, to the extent such proceeds
                  relate to any Receivable, Financed Vehicle or other
                  Collateral; and


                                       2
<PAGE>

                           (xi) all present and future claims, demands, causes
                  and choses in action in respect of any or all of the foregoing
                  and all payments on or under and all proceeds of every kind
                  and nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the
                  foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary
                  or involuntary, into cash or other liquid property, all cash
                  proceeds, accounts, accounts receivable, notes, drafts,
                  acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts,
                  insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, rights to payment of
                  any and every kind and other forms of obligations and
                  receivables, instruments and other property which at any time
                  constitute all or part of or are included in the proceeds of
                  any of the foregoing.

                  (b) The Seller shall transfer to the Purchaser the Receivables
         and the Other Conveyed Property described in PARAGRAPH (A) above only
         upon the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth below on or
         prior to the related Funding Date. In addition to constituting
         conditions precedent to any purchase hereunder and under each
         Assignment, the following shall also be conditions precedent to any
         Advance on any Funding Date under the terms of the Note Purchase
         Agreement:

                           (i) the Seller shall have provided the Purchaser,
                  Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders with (A) an
                  Addition Notice substantially in the form of EXHIBIT G hereto
                  (which shall include a supplement to the Schedule of
                  Receivables) and (B) a data tape or other electronic file
                  containing information regarding the Related Receivables in
                  the form of EXHIBIT H hereto to be transferred on such Funding
                  Date (the "DATA TAPE FIELDS") no later than 2:00 p.m. (New
                  York City time) four (4) Business Days prior to such Funding
                  Date and shall have provided any information reasonably
                  requested by any of the foregoing with respect to the Issuer,
                  the Servicer and the Related Receivables;

                           (ii) the Seller shall, to the extent required by
                  SECTION 4.2 of this Agreement, have deposited in the
                  Collection Account all collections received on and after the
                  Cutoff Date in respect of the Related Receivables to be
                  purchased on such Funding Date;

                           (iii) as of each Funding Date, (A) the Seller shall
                  not be insolvent and shall not become insolvent as a result of
                  the transfer of Related Receivables on such Funding Date, (B)
                  the Seller shall not intend to incur or believe that it shall
                  incur debts that would be beyond its ability to pay as such
                  debts mature, (C) such transfer shall not have been made with
                  actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud any Person and (D)
                  the assets of the Seller shall not constitute unreasonably
                  small capital to carry out its business as then conducted;

                           (iv) the Facility Termination Date shall not have
                  occurred;

                           (v) the Servicer shall have established a Lockbox
                  Account acceptable to the Note Purchaser;

                           (vi) each of the representations and warranties made
                  by the Seller pursuant to SECTION 3.1 and the other Basic
                  Documents with respect to the Related Receivables to be
                  purchased on such Funding Date shall be true and correct as of
                  the related Funding Date and the Seller shall have performed
                  all obligations to be performed by it hereunder or in any
                  Assignment on or prior to such Funding Date;

                           (vii) the Seller shall, at its own expense, on or
                  prior to the Funding Date, indicate in its computer files that
                  the Related Receivables to be purchased on such Funding Date
                  have been sold to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement or
                  an Assignment, as applicable, and have been pledged by the
                  Purchaser to the Trustee under the Indenture;

                           (viii) the Seller shall have taken all action
                  required to maintain (i) the first priority perfected
                  ownership interest of the Purchaser in the Related Receivables
                  and Other Conveyed Property and (ii) the first priority
                  perfected security interest of the Trustee in the Collateral;


                                       3
<PAGE>

                           (ix) no selection procedures adverse to the interests
                  of the Note Purchaser or any Noteholder shall have been
                  utilized in selecting the Related Receivables to be sold on
                  such Funding Date;

                           (x) the addition of any such Related Receivables to
                  be purchased on such Funding Date shall not result in a
                  material adverse tax consequence to any Noteholder, the Note
                  Purchaser or the Purchaser;

                           (xi) the Seller shall have delivered to each
                  Noteholder, the Note Purchaser and the Trustee an Officers'
                  Certificate confirming the satisfaction of each condition
                  precedent specified in this paragraph (b);

                           (xii) no Funding Termination Event, Servicer
                  Termination Event, or any event that, with the giving of
                  notice or the passage of time, would constitute a Funding
                  Termination Event or Servicer Termination Event, shall have
                  occurred and be continuing;

                           (xiii) the Trustee shall have confirmed receipt of
                  the related Receivable File for each Related Receivable
                  included in the Borrowing Base calculation and shall have
                  delivered a copy to the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser of
                  a Trust Receipt with respect to the Receivable Files related
                  to the Related Receivables to be purchased on such Funding
                  Date;

                           (xiv) the Seller shall have filed or caused to be
                  filed all necessary UCC-l financing statements (or amendments
                  thereto) necessary to maintain (in each case assuming for
                  purposes of this clause (xiv) that such perfection may be
                  achieved by making the appropriate filings), and taken any
                  other steps necessary to maintain, (1) the first, priority,
                  perfected ownership interest of Purchaser and (2) the first
                  priority, perfected security interest of the Trustee, with
                  respect to the Related Receivables and Other Conveyed Property
                  and the Collateral, respectively, to be transferred on such
                  Funding Date;

                           (xv) the Seller shall have executed and delivered an
                  Assignment in the form of EXHIBIT F with respect to such
                  Related Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property related
                  thereto;

                           (xvi) each of the conditions precedent to such
                  Advance set forth in this Agreement, the Indenture and the
                  Note Purchase Agreement shall have been satisfied; and

                           (xvii) the Funding Date shall not occur in the same
                  calendar week as any prior Funding Date;

                  Unless waived by Note Purchaser in writing, the Seller
         covenants that in the event any of the foregoing conditions precedent
         are not satisfied with respect to any Related Receivable on the date
         required as specified above, the Seller will immediately repurchase
         such Related Receivable from the Purchaser, at a price equal to the
         Purchase Amount thereof, in the manner specified in SECTION 3.2 and
         SECTION 4.7. Except with respect to ITEM (XIII) above, the Trustee may
         rely on the accuracy of the Officers' Certificate delivered pursuant to
         ITEM (XI) above without independent inquiry or verification.

                  (c) PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE. In consideration for the sale
         of the Related Receivables and Other Conveyed Property described in
         SECTION 2.1(A) or the related Assignment, the Purchaser shall, on each
         Funding Date on which Related Receivables are transferred hereunder,
         pay to or upon the order of the Seller the applicable Purchase Price in
         the following manner: (i) cash in an amount equal to the amount of the
         Advance received by the Purchaser under the Notes on such Funding Date
         and (ii) to the extent the Purchase Price for the related Receivables
         and Other Conveyed Property exceeds the amount of cash described in
         (i), such excess shall be treated as a capital contribution by the
         Seller to the Purchaser.


                                       4
<PAGE>

SECTION 2.2. TRANSFERS INTENDED AS SALES. It is the intention of the Seller and
the Purchaser that each transfer and assignment contemplated by this Agreement
and each Assignment shall constitute a sale of the Related Receivables and Other
Conveyed Property from the Seller to the Purchaser free and clear of all liens
and rights of others and it is intended that the beneficial interest in and
title to the Related Receivables and Other Conveyed Property shall not be part
of the Seller's estate in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or
against the Seller under any bankruptcy law. In the event that, notwithstanding
the intent of the Seller and the Purchaser, the transfer and assignment
contemplated hereby or by any Assignment is held not to be a sale, this
Agreement and each Assignment shall constitute a security agreement under
applicable law and the Seller hereby grants to the Purchaser a security interest
in the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property, which security interest has been
assigned to the Trustee, acting on behalf of the Noteholders and Note Purchaser.

SECTION 2.3. FURTHER ENCUMBRANCE OF RECEIVABLES AND OTHER CONVEYED PROPERTY.

                  (a) Immediately upon the conveyance to the Purchaser by the
         Seller of the Related Receivables and any item of the related Other
         Conveyed Property pursuant to SECTION 2.1 and the related Assignment,
         all right, title and interest of the Seller in and to such Related
         Receivables and Other Conveyed Property shall terminate, and all such
         right, title and interest shall vest in the Purchaser.

                  (b) Immediately upon the vesting of any Related Receivables
         and the related Other Conveyed Property in the Purchaser, the Purchaser
         shall have the sole right to pledge or otherwise encumber such Related
         Receivables and the related Other Conveyed Property. Pursuant to the
         Indenture, the Purchaser shall grant a security interest in the
         Collateral to secure the repayment of the Notes and the other Secured
         Obligations.

                  (c) The Trustee shall, at such time as (i) the Facility
         Termination Date has occurred, (ii) the payment in full of the Secured
         Obligations has occurred, (iii) the Note Purchase Agreement shall have
         been terminated pursuant to its terms, (iv) there is no Note
         Outstanding, (v) all sums due to the Trustee pursuant to the Basic
         Documents have been paid, and (vi) all other conditions precedent under
         the Indenture shall have been satisfied, release any remaining portion
         of the Collateral to the Purchaser.

                                  ARTICLE III
                                  -----------

                                 THE RECEIVABLES
                                 ---------------

         SECTION 3.1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER. (a) The Seller
makes the following representations and warranties as to the Receivables to the
Purchaser, to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchaser and the
Noteholders, to the Note Purchaser and to the Noteholders, on which the
Purchaser relies in acquiring the Receivables, on which the Trustee relies in
accepting a pledge of the Receivables under the Indenture, on which the
Noteholders have relied in purchasing the Notes and on which the Note Purchaser
will rely in paying the Advance Amount to the Purchaser. Such representations
and warranties speak as of the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date;
PROVIDED that to the extent such representations and warranties relate to the
Receivables conveyed on any Funding Date, such representations and warranties
shall speak as of the related Funding Date, but shall survive the sale, transfer
and assignment of the Receivables to the Purchaser and the pledge thereof by the
Purchaser hereunder to the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture.

                           (i) CHARACTERISTICS OF RECEIVABLES. Each Receivable
                  (1) has been originated in the United States of America by a
                  Dealer for the retail sale of a Financed Vehicle in the
                  ordinary course of such Dealer's business and without any
                  fraud or misrepresentation on the part of the Dealer, such
                  Dealer had all necessary licenses and permits to originate
                  such Receivables in the state where such Dealer was located,
                  has been fully and properly executed by the parties thereto,
                  has been purchased by the Seller directly from the Dealer in
                  connection with the sale of Financed Vehicles by the Dealers
                  and has been validly assigned without any intervening
                  assignments by such Dealer to the Seller in accordance with
                  its terms, (2) has created a valid, subsisting, and
                  enforceable first priority perfected security interest in
                  favor of the Seller in the Financed Vehicle, which security
                  interest has been validly assigned by the Seller to the
                  Purchaser and by the Purchaser to the Trustee, (3) contains


                                       5
<PAGE>

                  customary and enforceable provisions such that the rights and
                  remedies of the holder or assignee thereof shall be adequate
                  for realization against the collateral of the benefits of the
                  security including without limitation a right of repossession
                  following a default, (4) provides for level weekly, bi-weekly,
                  semi-monthly or monthly payments that fully amortize the
                  Amount Financed over the original term (except for the last
                  payment, which may be different from the level payment but in
                  no event shall exceed three times such level payment) and
                  yield interest at the Annual Percentage Rate, (5) was
                  originated by a Dealer to an Obligor and was sold by the
                  Dealer to the Seller without any fraud or misrepresentation on
                  the part of such Dealer, the Obligor or the Seller, (6) is
                  denominated in U.S. dollars; (7) provides, in the case of
                  prepayment, for the full payment of the Principal Balance
                  thereof plus accrued interest through the date of prepayment
                  based on the APR of the Receivable; and (8) contains no
                  obligation to lend more money to the related Obligor in the
                  future.

                           (ii) ADDITIONAL RECEIVABLES CHARACTERISTICS. As of
                  the related Funding Date, as applicable:

                           (A) each Related Receivable has (1) an original term
                  of 24 to 72 months; (2) an original Amount Financed of at
                  least $3,000 and not more than $35,000; and (3) had an APR of
                  at least 8% and not more than 30% (subject to applicable
                  laws);

                           (B) each Related Receivable is not more than 30 days
                  past due with respect to more than 10% of any Scheduled
                  Receivable Payment as of the related Cutoff Date and no funds
                  have been advanced by the Seller, any Dealer or anyone acting
                  on their behalf in order to cause any Related Receivable to
                  satisfy such requirement;

                           (C) no Related Receivable has been extended beyond
                  its original term, except in accordance with the Seller's
                  Contract Purchase Guidelines regarding deferments or
                  extensions;

                           (D) each Related Receivable satisfies in all material
                  respects the Seller's Contract Purchase Guidelines as in
                  effect on the Closing Date or as otherwise amended from time
                  to time with the prior written consent of the Note Purchaser
                  (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld); and

                           (E) each Related Receivable that is a Seasoned
                  Receivable shall (i) not have an Obligor that has failed to
                  make the first Scheduled Receivable Payment due on such
                  Seasoned Receivable, (ii) not have been sold to the Purchaser
                  and pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders
                  and the Note Purchaser more than 120 days after the Seller
                  paid the related Dealer for such Seasoned Receivable, (iii)
                  not have an Obligor that has ever been delinquent in payment
                  with respect to such Seasoned Receivable for more than sixty
                  (60) days.

                           (iii) SCHEDULE OF RECEIVABLES. The information with
                  respect to the Related Receivables set forth in Schedule A to
                  the related Assignment is true and correct in all material
                  respects as of the close of business on the related Cutoff
                  Date, and no selection procedures adverse to any Noteholders
                  or the Note Purchaser have been utilized in selecting the
                  Related Receivables to be sold hereunder and thereunder.

                           (iv) COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. Each Related Receivable,
                  the sale of the Financed Vehicle and the sale of any physical
                  damage, credit life and credit accident and health insurance
                  and any extended warranties or service contracts complied at
                  the time the Related Receivable was originated or made and at
                  the execution of the applicable Assignment complies in all
                  material respects with all requirements of applicable Federal,
                  State, and local laws, including, without limitation, Consumer
                  Laws. Each Receivable has been serviced in compliance with all
                  applicable requirements of law.


                                       6
<PAGE>

                           (v) NO GOVERNMENT OBLIGOR. None of the Related
                  Receivables are due from the United States of America or any
                  State or from any agency, department, or instrumentality of
                  the United States of America or any State.

                           (vi) NO FLEET SALES. None of the Receivables have
                  been included in a "fleet" sale (i.e., a sale to any single
                  Obligor of more than five Financed Vehicles).

                           (vii) SECURITY INTEREST IN FINANCED VEHICLE.
                  Immediately subsequent to the sale, assignment and transfer
                  thereof to the Purchaser, each Related Receivable shall be
                  secured by a validly perfected first priority security
                  interest in the Financed Vehicle in favor of the Seller as
                  secured party which security interest has been validly
                  assigned to the Purchaser and subsequently validly pledged to
                  the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and Note
                  Purchaser, and such assigned security interest is prior to all
                  other liens upon and security interests in such Financed
                  Vehicle which now exist or may hereafter arise or be created
                  (except, as to priority, for any tax liens or mechanics' liens
                  which may arise after the related Funding Date as a result of
                  an Obligor's failure to pay its obligations, as applicable).

                           (viii) RECEIVABLES IN FORCE. No Related Receivable
                  has been satisfied, subordinated or rescinded, nor has any
                  related Financed Vehicle been released from the lien granted
                  by the related Receivable in whole or in part.

                           (ix) NO WAIVER. Except as permitted under SECTION 4.2
                  and CLAUSE (X) below, no provision of a Related Receivable has
                  been waived, altered or modified in any respect since its
                  origination. No Related Receivable has been modified as a
                  result of application of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act,
                  as amended.

                           (x) NO AMENDMENTS. No Related Receivable has been
                  amended, modified, waived or refinanced except as such Related
                  Receivable may have been amended in accordance with Servicer's
                  Servicing Guidelines.

                           (xi) NO DEFENSES. No right of rescission, setoff,
                  counterclaim or defense exists or has been asserted or
                  threatened with respect to any Related Receivable. The
                  operation of the terms of any Related Receivable or the
                  exercise of any right thereunder will not render such Related
                  Receivable unenforceable in whole or in part and such
                  Receivable is not subject to any such right of rescission,
                  setoff, counterclaim, or defense.

                           (xii) NO LIENS. As of the related Cutoff Date, (a)
                  there are no liens or claims existing or which have been filed
                  for work, labor, storage or materials relating to a Financed
                  Vehicle financed under a Related Receivable that shall be
                  liens prior to, or equal or coordinate with, the security
                  interest in the Financed Vehicle granted by the Related
                  Receivable and (b) there is no lien against the Financed
                  Vehicle financed under a Related Receivable for delinquent
                  taxes.

                           (xiii) NO DEFAULT; REPOSSESSION. Except for payment
                  delinquencies continuing for a period of not more than 45 days
                  as of the related Cutoff Date, no default, breach, violation
                  or event permitting acceleration under the terms of any
                  Related Receivable has occurred; and no continuing condition
                  that with notice or the lapse of time, or both, would
                  constitute a default, breach, violation or event permitting
                  acceleration under the terms of any Related Receivable has
                  arisen; and the Seller shall not waive and has not waived any
                  of the foregoing (except in a manner consistent with SECTION
                  4.2) and no Financed Vehicle financed under a Related
                  Receivable shall have been repossessed.

                           (xiv) INSURANCE; OTHER. (A) Each Obligor under the
                  Related Receivables has obtained an insurance policy covering
                  the Financed Vehicle as of the execution of such Receivable
                  insuring against loss and damage due to fire, theft,
                  transportation, collision and other risks generally covered by
                  comprehensive and collision coverage, the Seller and its
                  successors and assigns are named the loss payee or an


                                       7
<PAGE>

                  additional insured of such insurance policy, such insurance
                  policy is in an amount at least equal to the lesser of (i) the
                  Financed Vehicle's actual cash value or (ii) the remaining
                  Principal Balance of the Related Receivable, and each Related
                  Receivable requires the Obligor to obtain and maintain such
                  insurance naming the Seller and its successors and assigns as
                  loss payee or an additional insured, (B) each Related
                  Receivable that finances the cost of premiums for credit life
                  and credit accident and health insurance is covered by an
                  insurance policy or certificate of insurance naming the Seller
                  as policyholder (creditor) under each such insurance policy
                  and certificate of insurance and (C) as to each Related
                  Receivable that finances the cost of an extended service
                  contract, the respective Financed Vehicle which secures the
                  Related Receivable is covered by an extended service contract.
                  As of the related Cutoff Date, no Financed Vehicle is or had
                  previously been insured under a policy of forced-placed
                  insurance.

                           (xv) TITLE. It is the intention of the Seller that
                  each transfer and assignment herein contemplated constitutes a
                  sale of the Related Receivables and the related Other Conveyed
                  Property from the Seller to the Purchaser and that the
                  beneficial interest in and title to such Related Receivables
                  and related Other Conveyed Property not be part of the
                  Seller's estate in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy
                  petition by or against the Seller under any bankruptcy law. No
                  Related Receivable or related Other Conveyed Property has been
                  sold, transferred, assigned, or pledged by the Seller to any
                  Person other than the Purchaser and by the Purchaser to any
                  Person other than the Trustee. Immediately prior to each
                  transfer and assignment herein contemplated, the Seller had
                  good and marketable title to each Related Receivable and
                  related Other Conveyed Property and was the sole owner
                  thereof, free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances,
                  security interests, and rights of others, and, immediately
                  upon the transfer thereof to the Purchaser and the Purchaser
                  shall have good and marketable title to the Receivables and
                  the other Conveyed Property and shall be the sole owner
                  thereof, free and clear of all Liens and, immediately upon the
                  pledge thereof to the Trustee under the Indenture, the Trustee
                  for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser
                  shall have a valid and enforceable security interest in the
                  Collateral, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances,
                  security interests, and rights of others, and each such
                  transfer and pledge has been perfected under the UCC. No
                  Dealer has a participation in, or other right to receive,
                  proceeds of any Receivable.

                           (xvi) LAWFUL ASSIGNMENT; NO CONSENT REQUIRED. No
                  Related Receivable has been originated in, or is subject to
                  the laws of, any jurisdiction under which the sale, transfer,
                  and assignment of such Related Receivable under this Agreement
                  or the pledge of such Related Receivable under the Indenture
                  or pursuant to transfers of the Notes shall be unlawful, void,
                  or voidable. The Seller has not entered into any agreement
                  with any account debtor that prohibits, restricts or
                  conditions the assignment of any portion of the Related
                  Receivables. For the validity of such sales, transfers,
                  assignments and pledges, no consent by any Dealer, Obligor or
                  any other Person is required under any agreement or applicable
                  law.

                           (xvii) ALL FILINGS MADE. All filings (including,
                  without limitation, UCC filings or other actions) necessary in
                  any jurisdiction to give: (a) the Purchaser a first priority
                  perfected ownership interest in the Receivables and the Other
                  Conveyed Property, including, without limitation, the proceeds
                  of the Receivables (to the extent that the Purchaser can
                  obtain such first priority perfected security interest
                  pursuant to one or more filings) and (b) the Trustee, for the
                  benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, a first
                  priority perfected security interest in the Collateral, have
                  been made, taken or performed.

                           (xviii) RECEIVABLE FILE; ONE ORIGINAL. The Seller has
                  delivered to the Trustee, at the location specified in
                  SCHEDULE B hereto, a complete Receivable File with respect to
                  each Related Receivable, and the Trustee has delivered to the
                  Purchaser, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders a copy of
                  the Trust Receipt therefor. There is only one original
                  executed copy of each Receivable. The Servicer has in its
                  possession all other relevant documents with respect to the
                  Receivables, including without limitation the related credit
                  application and verification of insurance.


                                       8
<PAGE>

                           (xix) CHATTEL Paper. Each Related Receivable
                  constitutes "TANGIBLE CHATTEL PAPER" under the UCC.

                           (xx) TITLE DOCUMENTS. (A) If the Related Receivable
                  was originated in a State in which notation of a security
                  interest on the title document of the related Financed Vehicle
                  is required or permitted to perfect such security interest,
                  the title document of the related Financed Vehicle for such
                  Related Receivable shows, or if a new or replacement title
                  document is being applied for with respect to such Financed
                  Vehicle the title document (or, with respect to Related
                  Receivables that finance a vehicle in the States listed in
                  ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued by the applicable
                  Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority in such
                  States) will be received within 180 days of the origination
                  date and will show, the Seller named as the original secured
                  party under the Related Receivable as the holder of a first
                  priority security interest in such Financed Vehicle, and (B)
                  if the Related Receivable was originated in a State in which
                  the filing of a financing statement under the UCC is required
                  to perfect a security interest in motor vehicles, such filings
                  or recordings have been duly made and show the Seller named as
                  the original secured party under the Related Receivable, and
                  in either case, the Trustee has the same rights as such
                  secured party has or would have (if such secured party were
                  still the owner of the Receivable) against all parties
                  claiming an interest in such Financed Vehicle, and such rights
                  have been validly pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of
                  the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser pursuant to the
                  Indenture. With respect to each Related Receivable for which
                  the title document has not yet been returned from the
                  Registrar of Titles, the Seller has received written evidence
                  from the related Dealer that such title document showing the
                  Seller as first lienholder has been applied for.

                           (xxi) VALID AND BINDING OBLIGATION OF OBLIGOR. Each
                  Related Receivable is the legal, valid and binding obligation
                  in writing of the Obligor thereunder and is enforceable in
                  accordance with its terms, except only as such enforcement may
                  be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting
                  the enforcement of creditors' rights generally, and all
                  parties to such contract had full legal capacity to execute
                  and deliver such contract and all other documents related
                  thereto and to grant the security interest purported to be
                  granted thereby. Each Related Receivable is not subject to any
                  right of set-off by the Obligor.

                           (xxii) CHARACTERISTICS OF OBLIGORS. As of the date of
                  each Obligor's application for credit from which the Related
                  Receivable arises, such Obligor (a) did not have any material
                  past due credit obligations or any personal or real property
                  repossessed or wages garnished within one year prior to the
                  date of such application, unless such amounts have been repaid
                  or discharged through bankruptcy, (b) was not the subject of
                  any Federal, State or other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
                  proceeding pending on the date of application that has not
                  been discharged, (c) had not been the subject of more than one
                  Federal, State or other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
                  proceeding that has not completed a Section 341 Meeting, (d)
                  was domiciled in the United States and (e) was not
                  self-employed. During the period from the date of each
                  Obligor's application for financing of the Financed Vehicle
                  from which the related Receivable arises to the applicable
                  Funding Date, no Obligor is or has been the subject of any
                  Federal, State or other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
                  proceeding that has not completed a Section 341 Meeting.

                           (xxiii) POST-OFFICE BOX. On or prior to the next
                  billing period after the related Cutoff Date, the Servicer
                  will notify each Obligor to make payments with respect to its
                  respective Related Receivables after the related Cutoff Date
                  directly to the Post-Office Box, and will provide each Obligor
                  with a monthly statement in order to enable such Obligor to
                  make payments directly to the Post-Office Box.

                           (xxiv) CASUALTY AND IMPOUNDING. No Financed Vehicle
                  financed under a Related Receivable has suffered a Casualty
                  and the Seller has not received any notice that any Financed
                  Vehicle has been impounded.


                                       9
<PAGE>

                           (xxv) NO AGREEMENT TO LEND. The Obligor with respect
                  to each Related Receivable does not have any option under the
                  Receivable to borrow from any person any funds secured by the
                  Financed Vehicle.

                           (xxvi) OBLIGATION TO DEALERS OR OTHERS. The Purchaser
                  and its assignees will assume no obligation to Dealers or
                  other originators or holders of the Related Receivables
                  (including, but not limited to under dealer reserves) as a
                  result of its purchase of the Related Receivables.

                           (xxvii) NO IMPAIRMENT. Neither Seller nor the
                  Purchaser has done anything to convey any right to any Person
                  that would result in such Person having a right to payments
                  due under any Related Receivables or otherwise to impair the
                  rights of the Purchaser, the Trustee, the Noteholders or the
                  Note Purchaser in any Related Receivable or the proceeds
                  thereof.

                           (xxviii) RECEIVABLES NOT ASSUMABLE. No Related
                  Receivable is assumable by another Person in a manner which
                  would release the Obligor thereof from such Obligor's
                  obligations to the Purchaser or Seller with respect to such
                  Related Receivable.

                           (xxix) SERVICING. The servicing of each Related
                  Receivable and the collection practices relating thereto have
                  been lawful and in accordance with the standards set forth in
                  this Agreement; and other than Seller and the Back-up Servicer
                  pursuant to the Basic Documents, no other person has the right
                  to service the Receivable.

                           (xxx) CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST. This Agreement
                  creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined
                  in the UCC) in the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property
                  in favor of the Purchaser, which security interest is prior to
                  all other Liens (other than the Lien of the Trustee under the
                  Indenture) and is enforceable as such as against creditors of
                  and purchasers from the Seller. The Indenture creates a valid
                  and continuing security interest (as defined in the UCC) in
                  the Collateral in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the
                  Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, which security interest is
                  prior to all other Liens and is enforceable as such as against
                  creditors of and purchasers from the Issuer.

                           (xxxi) PERFECTION OF SECURITY INTEREST IN RECEIVABLES
                  AND OTHER CONVEYED PROPERTY. The Seller has caused the filing
                  of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing
                  office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law
                  in order to perfect the security interest in the Receivables
                  and the Other Conveyed Property granted to the Purchaser
                  hereunder pursuant to SECTION 2.1 and the related Assignment.

                           (xxxii) PERFECTION OF SECURITY INTEREST IN TRUST
                  ESTATE. The Purchaser has caused the filing of all appropriate
                  financing statements in the proper filing office in the
                  appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to
                  perfect the security interest in the Receivables and the other
                  Collateral granted to the Trustee for the benefit of the
                  Noteholders and the Note Purchaser under the Indenture.

                           (xxxiii) PERFECTION OF SECURITY INTERESTS IN FINANCED
                  VEHICLES. The Seller has taken all steps necessary to perfect
                  its security interest against the Obligors in the Financed
                  Vehicles securing the Receivables and such security interest
                  has been validly assigned by the Seller to the Purchaser and
                  pledged by the Purchaser to the Trustee for the benefit of the
                  Noteholders and the Note Purchaser.

                           (xxxiv) NO OTHER SECURITY INTERESTS - SELLER. Other
                  than the security interest granted to the Purchaser pursuant
                  to SECTION 2.1 and the related Assignment, the Seller has not
                  pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or
                  otherwise conveyed any of the Receivables or the Other
                  Conveyed Property, other than such security interests as are
                  released at or before the conveyance thereof. The Seller has
                  not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing
                  statements filed against the Seller that include a description
                  of collateral covering any portion of the Receivables and the


                                       10
<PAGE>

                  Other Conveyed Property other than any financing statement
                  relating to the security interest granted to the Purchaser
                  hereunder or that has been terminated or released as to the
                  Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property. The Seller is not
                  aware of any judgment or tax lien filings against the Seller.

                           (xxxv) NO OTHER SECURITY INTERESTS - PURCHASER. Other
                  than the security interest granted to the Trustee for the
                  benefit of the Noteholders and Note Purchaser pursuant to the
                  Indenture, the Purchaser has not pledged, assigned, sold,
                  granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of
                  the Collateral. The Purchaser has not authorized the filing of
                  and is not aware of any financing statements filed against the
                  Purchaser that include a description of collateral covering
                  any portion of the Collateral other than any financing
                  statement relating to the security interest granted to the
                  Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and Note Purchaser
                  under the Indenture or that has been terminated or released as
                  to the Collateral. The Purchaser is not aware of any judgment
                  or tax lien filings against the Purchaser.

                           (xxxvi) NOTATIONS ON CONTRACTS; FINANCING STATEMENT
                  DISCLOSURE. The Servicer has in its possession copies of all
                  Contracts that constitute or evidence the Receivables. The
                  Contracts that constitute or evidence the Receivables do not
                  have any marks or notations indicating that they have been
                  pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other
                  than the Purchaser and/or the Trustee for the benefit of the
                  Noteholders and the Note Purchaser. All financing statements
                  filed or to be filed against the Seller in favor of the
                  Purchaser in connection herewith describing the Trust Estate
                  contain a statement to the following effect: "A purchase of or
                  security interest in any collateral described in this
                  financing statement will violate the rights of the secured
                  party."

                           (xxxvii) RECORDS. On or prior to each Funding Date,
                  the Seller will have caused its records (including electronic
                  ledgers) relating to each Related Receivable to be conveyed by
                  it on such Funding Date to be clearly and unambiguously marked
                  to reflect that such Related Receivable was conveyed by it to
                  the Purchaser and pledged by the Purchaser to the Trustee for
                  the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser.

                           (xxxviii) COMPUTER INFORMATION. The computer
                  diskette, computer tape or other electronic transmission made
                  available by the Seller to the Purchaser on each Funding Date
                  is, as of the related Cutoff Date, complete and accurate and
                  includes a description of the same Receivables described in
                  Schedule A to the related Assignment.

                           (xxxix) TFC, MFN, SEAWEST RECEIVABLES. None of the
                  Related Receivables was originated by TFC, MFN, SeaWest or any
                  of their respective Subsidiaries.

                           (xl) REMAINING PRINCIPAL BALANCE. As of the related
                  Cutoff Date, each Related Receivable has a remaining Principal
                  Balance of at least $3,000 and the Principal Balance of each
                  Receivable set forth in Schedule A to the related Assignment
                  is true and accurate in all respects.

                           (xli) NET ACQUISITION FEE. The average Net
                  Acquisition Fee is less than 3.0%.

                           (xlii) DELIVERY OF RECEIVABLE FILES. A complete
                  Receivable File (other than, if applicable, a certificate of
                  title missing from the related Receivable File as described in
                  SECTION 3.4(B)) with respect to each Receivable has been,
                  prior to the Funding Date, delivered to the Trustee at the
                  location listed in SCHEDULE B hereof.

                           (xliii) FULL AMOUNT ADVANCED. The full amount of each
                  Receivable has been advanced to each Obligor, and there are no
                  requirements for future advances thereunder.

                           (xliv) ILLINOIS RECEIVABLES. (a) The Seller does not
                  own a substantial interest in the business of a Dealer within
                  the meaning of Illinois Sales Finance Agency Act Rules and
                  Regulations, Section 160.230(1) and (b) with respect to each
                  Receivable originated in the State of Illinois, (i) the


                                       11
<PAGE>

                  printed or typed portion of the related Form of Receivable
                  complies with the requirements of 815 ILCS 375/3(b) and (ii)
                  the Seller has not, and for so long as such Receivable is
                  outstanding shall not, place or cause to be placed on the
                  related Financed Vehicle any collateral protection insurance
                  in violation of 815 ILCS 180/10.

                           (xlv) CALIFORNIA RECEIVABLES. Each Receivable
                  originated in the State of California has been, and at all
                  times during the term of the Sale and Servicing Agreement will
                  be, serviced by the Servicer in compliance with Cal. Civil
                  Code ss. 2981, et seq.

SECTION 3.2. REPURCHASE UPON BREACH; SECTION 341 MEETING(a) . The Seller, the
Servicer, any Noteholder or the Trustee, as the case may be, shall inform the
other parties to this Agreement promptly, in writing, upon the discovery of any
breach of the Seller's representations and warranties made pursuant to SECTION
3.1 with respect to a Receivable (without regard to any limitations therein as
to the Seller's knowledge). Unless the breach shall have been cured within
thirty (30) days of the discovery thereof by the Trustee or receipt by the
Trustee of notice from the Seller or the Servicer of such breach, the Seller
shall repurchase such Receivable. In consideration of the purchase of any
Receivable, the Seller shall remit the Purchase Amount, in the manner specified
in SECTION 5.6. The sole remedies of the Purchaser, the Trustee, the Note
Purchaser or the Noteholders with respect to any Receivables as to which a
breach of representations and warranties pursuant to SECTION 3.1 has occurred
shall be to enforce the Seller's obligation to purchase such Receivables and the
indemnity provided by SECTION 8.3(E) . Upon receipt of the Purchase Amount in
respect of any Defective Receivables and written instructions from the Servicer,
the Trustee shall release to the Seller or its designee the related Receivable
File and shall execute and deliver all reasonable instruments of transfer or
assignment, without recourse, as are prepared by the Seller and delivered to the
Trustee and necessary to vest in the Seller or such designee title to such
Defective Receivables. The parties hereto hereby acknowledge that the Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders shall each have the right to enforce
directly against the Seller the Seller's repurchase and indemnity obligations
pursuant to this SECTION 3.2.

         (b) If (i) the Insolvency Event related to a Section 341 Meeting has
not been discharged by the bankruptcy court or other similar court presiding
over such Insolvency Event within 90 days of the conveyance of the related
Receivable by the Seller to the Purchaser pursuant to SECTION 2.1(A), or (ii)
the Obligor on any Receivable that was the subject of a Section 341 Meeting
shall not have made the first two payments due on such Receivable, in each case,
the Seller shall repurchase such Receivable as of the last day of such next
Accrual Period.

SECTION 3.3. CUSTODY OF RECEIVABLE FILES.

         (a) In connection with each sale, transfer and assignment of
Receivables and related Other Conveyed Property to the Purchaser pursuant to
this Agreement and each Assignment, and each pledge thereof by the Purchaser to
the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture, the Trustee shall act as custodian of the
following documents or instruments in its possession which shall be delivered to
the Trustee on or before the Closing Date or the related Funding Date in
accordance with SECTION 3.4 (with respect to each Receivable):

                  (i) The fully executed original of the Receivable (together
         with any agreements modifying or assigning the Receivable, including
         without limitation any extension agreements); and

                  (ii) The original certificate of title in the name of the
         Obligor with a notation on such certificate of title evidencing
         Seller's security interest therein or such documents that the Seller
         shall keep on file, in accordance with its customary procedures,
         evidencing the security interest of the Seller in the Financed Vehicle
         or, if not yet received, a copy of the application therefor showing the
         Seller as secured party, or a dealer guarantee of title.


                                       12
<PAGE>

                  (b) Upon payment in full of any Receivable, the Servicer will
         notify the Trustee pursuant to a certificate of a Servicing Officer in
         the form of EXHIBIT C and shall request delivery of the Receivable and
         Receivable File to the Servicer.

SECTION 3.4. Acceptance of Receivable Files by Trustee; Missing Certificates of
Title (a) In connection with any Funding Date, the Seller shall cause to be
delivered to the Trustee the Receivable Files for the Related Receivables to be
purchased on such Funding Date not less than four Business Days prior to the
related Funding Date. The Trustee declares that it will hold and will continue
to hold such files and any amendments, replacements or supplements thereto and
all Other Conveyed Property as Trustee, custodian, agent and bailee in trust for
the use and benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser. The Trustee shall
within three Business Days after receipt of such files, execute and deliver to
the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, a receipt substantially in the form of
EXHIBIT B hereto (a "TRUST RECEIPT") for the Receivable Files received by the
Trustee. By its delivery of a Trust Receipt, the Trustee shall be deemed to have
(a) acknowledged receipt of the files (or the Receivables) which the Seller has
represented are and contain the Receivable Files for the Related Receivables to
be purchased by the Purchaser on the related Funding Date as indicated on
Schedule A to the Addition Notice, (b) reviewed such files or Receivables and
(c) determined that it has received the items referred to in SECTION 3.3(A)(I)
and (II) for each Related Receivable identified on Schedule A to the Addition
Notice, except, in each case, as may otherwise be noted in Schedule I to the
Trust Receipt. Unless such defect noted on Schedule I of the related Trust
Receipt with respect to such Receivable to be transferred on the related Funding
Date shall have been cured by the Seller or waived by the Note Purchaser, in its
sole discretion, and the Trustee shall have executed a Trust Receipt reflecting
that such Receivable is no longer on Schedule I thereto prior to 11 a.m. New
York time on the related Funding Date, the Purchaser shall not purchase such
Receivable from the Seller on such Funding Date. The Trustee shall return to or
otherwise handle the files at the direction of the Seller and any file unrelated
to a Receivable identified in Schedule A to the related Addition Notice (it
being understood that the Trustee's obligation to review the contents of any
Receivable File shall be limited as set forth in the preceding sentence).

         (b) The Trustee shall make a list of Receivables for which an
application for a certificate of title but not an original certificate of title
or, with respect to Receivables that finance a vehicle in the States listed in
ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued by the applicable Department of Motor -
Vehicles or similar authority in such States, is included in the Receivable File
as of the date of its review of the Receivable Files and deliver a copy of such
list to the Servicer, the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser. On the date which
is 180 days following the related Funding Date, and monthly thereafter, the
Trustee shall inform the Seller, the Purchaser, the Noteholders and the Note
Purchaser of any Receivable for which the related Receivable File on such date
does not include an original certificate of title or, with respect to Financed
Vehicles in the States listed in ANNEX B, other - evidence of title issued by
the applicable Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority in such States,
and the Seller shall repurchase any such Receivable as of the last Business Day
of the Accrual Period in which the expiration of such 180 days occurs. In
consideration of the purchase of the Receivable, the Seller shall remit the
Purchase Amount for such Receivable, in the manner specified in SECTION 5.6.
Upon receipt of the Purchase Amount for a Receivable and written instructions
from the -- Servicer, the Trustee shall release to the Seller or its designee
the related Receivable File and shall execute and deliver all reasonable
instruments of transfer or assignment, without recourse, as are prepared by the
Seller and delivered to the Trustee and are necessary to vest in the Seller or
such designee title to the Receivable.

         (c) For those Receivable Files that do not contain an original
certificate of title or, with respect to Receivables that finance a vehicle in
the States listed in ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued by the applicable
Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority in such States, upon receipt
of such original title documents, the Seller shall promptly deliver or cause to
be delivered to the Trustee such original title documents to the Trustee to
place in the applicable Receivable File.

SECTION 3.5. ACCESS TO RECEIVABLE FILES. The Trustee shall permit the Servicer,
the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders access to the Receivable Files at all
reasonable times during the Trustee's normal business hours. The Trustee shall,
within two Business Days of the request of the Servicer, the Note Purchaser or
any Noteholder, execute such documents and instruments as are prepared by the
Servicer, the Note Purchaser or such Noteholder and delivered to the Trustee, as
the Servicer, the Note Purchaser or such Noteholder deems necessary to permit
the Servicer, in accordance with its customary servicing procedures, to enforce


                                       13
<PAGE>

the Receivable on behalf of the Purchaser and any related insurance policies
covering the Obligor, the Receivable or Financed Vehicle so long as such
execution in the Trustee's sole discretion does not conflict with the Indenture
or any other Basic Document and will not cause it undue risk or liability. The
Trustee shall not release any document from any Receivable File unless it
receives a release request signed by a Servicing Officer in the form of EXHIBIT
C hereto (the "RELEASE REQUEST"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, if a Servicer Termination
Event or Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing, the Trustee
shall not release any such Receivable File to the Servicer without the prior
written consent of the Note Purchaser. Such Release Request shall obligate the
Servicer to return such document(s) to the Trustee when the need therefor no
longer exists unless the Receivable shall be liquidated, in which case, the
Servicer shall certify in the Release Request that all amounts required to be
deposited in the Collection Account with respect to such Receivable have been so
deposited. Each Release Request delivered to the Trustee pursuant to this
SECTION 3.5 shall be forwarded by the Servicer to the Note Purchaser
electronically or by facsimile within one (1) Business Day of delivery to the
Trustee together with a list of all Receivables to be released by the Trustee
pursuant to such Release Request.

SECTION 3.6. TRUSTEE TO OBTAIN FIDELITY INSURANCE. The Trustee shall maintain a
fidelity bond in the form and amount as is customary for entities acting as a
trustee of funds and documents in respect of consumer contracts on behalf of
institutional investors.

SECTION 3.7. TRUSTEE TO MAINTAIN SECURE FACILITIES. The Trustee shall maintain
or cause to be maintained continuous custody of the Receivable Files in secure
and fire resistant facilities segregated from any other Receivables of the
Seller, the Purchaser or any of their Affiliates in accordance with customary
standards for such custody.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                                   ----------

                   ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES
                   -------------------------------------------

SECTION 4.1. DUTIES OF THE SERVICER. The Servicer, as agent for the Purchaser,
the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders shall manage, service, administer and
make collections on the Receivables with reasonable care, using that degree of
skill and attention customary and usual for institutions which service motor
vehicle retail installment sale contracts similar to the Receivables and, to the
extent more exacting, that the Servicer exercises with respect to all comparable
automotive receivables that it services for itself or others. In performing such
duties, the Servicer shall comply with its current servicing policies and
procedures, as such servicing policies and procedures may be amended from time
to time, so long as such amendments will not materially adversely affect the
interests of the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders, or otherwise with the prior
written consent of the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld), and notice of such amendments is given to the
Note Purchaser and the Noteholders prior to the effectiveness thereof. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject to the servicing standards
set forth in this Agreement including, without limitation, the restrictions set
forth in SECTION 4.6, the Servicer is authorized and empowered by the Purchaser
to execute and deliver, on behalf of itself, the Purchaser, the Note Purchaser
or the Noteholders, any and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or
partial or full release or discharge, and all other comparable instruments, with
respect to such Receivables or to the Financed Vehicles securing such
Receivables and/or the certificates of title or, with respect to Financed
Vehicles in the States listed in ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued by the
applicable Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority in such States with
respect to such Financed Vehicles. If the Servicer shall commence a legal
proceeding to enforce a Receivable, the Purchaser shall thereupon be deemed to
have automatically assigned, solely for the purpose of collection, such
Receivable to the Servicer. If in any enforcement suit or legal proceeding it
shall be held that the Servicer may not enforce a Receivable on the ground that
it shall not be a real party in interest or a holder entitled to enforce such
Receivable, the Purchaser shall, at the Servicer's expense and direction, take
steps to enforce such Receivable, including bringing suit in its name or the
name of the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders. The Servicer shall prepare and
furnish, and the Trustee shall execute, any powers of attorney and other
documents reasonably necessary or appropriate to enable the Servicer to carry
out its servicing and administrative duties hereunder.


                                       14
<PAGE>

SECTION 4.2. COLLECTION OF RECEIVABLE PAYMENTS; MODIFICATIONS OF RECEIVABLES;
LOCKBOX AGREEMENTS.

         (a) Consistent with the standards, policies and procedures required by
this Agreement, the Servicer shall make reasonable efforts to collect all
payments called for under the terms and provisions of the Receivables as and
when the same shall become due and shall follow such collection procedures as it
follows with respect to all comparable automotive receivables that it services
for itself or others; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that promptly after the Closing Date
(or the related Funding Date, as applicable), but in no event more than 30 days
thereafter, the Servicer shall notify each Obligor to make all payments with
respect to the Receivables to the Post-Office Box. The Servicer will provide
each Obligor with a monthly statement in order to notify such Obligors to make
payments directly to the Post-Office Box. The Servicer shall allocate
collections between principal and interest in accordance with the customary
servicing procedures it follows with respect to all comparable automotive
receivables that it services for itself or others and in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. The Servicer, for so long as the Seller is the
Servicer, may in accordance with the Servicer's Servicing Guidelines grant
extensions on a Receivable; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Servicer may not grant
more than one (1) extension per calendar year with respect to a Receivable or
grant an extension with respect to a Receivable for more than one (1) calendar
month or grant more than four (4) extensions in the aggregate with respect to a
Receivable without the prior written consent of the Note Purchaser. If the
Servicer is not the Seller or the Backup Servicer, the Servicer may not make any
extension on a Receivable without the prior written consent of the Note
Purchaser (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld). The Servicer may
in its discretion waive any prepayment charge, late payment charge or any other
similar fees that may be collected in the ordinary course of servicing a
Receivable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
Servicer shall not agree to any alteration of the interest rate on any
Receivable or of the amount of any Scheduled Receivable Payment on Receivables,
other than to the extent that such alteration is required by applicable law.

         (b) The Servicer shall establish the Lockbox Account in the name of the
Purchaser for the benefit of the Trustee for the further benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchaser. Pursuant to the Lockbox Agreement, the
Trustee has authorized the Servicer to direct dispositions of funds on deposit
in the Lockbox Account to the Collection Account (but not to any other account),
and no other Person, except the Lockbox Processor and the Trustee, has authority
to direct disposition of funds on deposit in the Lockbox Account. However, the
Lockbox Agreement shall provide that Lockbox Bank will comply with instructions
originated by the Trustee relating to the disposition of the funds in the
Lockbox Account without further consent by the Seller, the Servicer or the
Purchaser. The Trustee shall have no liability or responsibility with respect to
the Lockbox Processor's directions or activities as set forth in the preceding
sentence. The Lockbox Account shall be established pursuant to and maintained in
accordance with the Lockbox Agreement and shall be a demand deposit account
initially established and maintained with Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, or at the request of the the Note Purchaser an Eligible Account
satisfying clause (i) of the definition thereof; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the
Trustee shall give the Servicer prior written notice of any change made at the
request of the Note Purchaser in the location of the Lockbox Account. The
Servicer shall establish and maintain the Post-Office Box at a United States
Post Office Branch in the name of the Purchaser for the benefit of the Trustee
for the further benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser.

         (c) Notwithstanding any Lockbox Agreement, or any of the provisions of
this Agreement relating to the Lockbox Agreement, the Servicer shall remain
obligated and liable to the Purchaser, the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the
Noteholders for servicing and administering the Receivables and the Other
Conveyed Property in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement without
diminution of such obligation or liability by virtue thereof.

         (d) In the event the Seller shall for any reason no longer be acting as
the Servicer hereunder, the Backup Servicer or another successor Servicer shall
thereupon assume all of the rights and obligations of the outgoing Servicer
under the Lockbox Agreement. In such event, the Backup Servicer or such other
successor Servicer shall be deemed to have assumed all of the outgoing
Servicer's interest therein and to have replaced the outgoing Servicer as a
party to the Lockbox Agreement to the same extent as if such Lockbox Agreement
had been assigned to the Backup Servicer or such other successor Servicer,
except that the outgoing Servicer shall not thereby be relieved of any liability
or obligations on the part of the outgoing Servicer to the Lockbox Bank under


                                       15
<PAGE>

such Lockbox Agreement. The outgoing Servicer shall, upon request of the Note
Purchaser or the Trustee, but at the expense of the outgoing Servicer, deliver
to the Backup Servicer or such other successor Servicer all documents and
records relating to the Lockbox Agreement and an accounting of amounts collected
and held by the Lockbox Bank and otherwise use its best efforts to effect the
orderly and efficient assignment of any Lockbox Agreement to the Backup Servicer
or such other successor Servicer. In the event that the Note Purchaser shall
elect to change the identity of the Lockbox Bank, the Servicer, at its expense,
shall cause the Lockbox Bank to deliver, at the direction of the Note Purchaser,
to the Trustee or a successor Lockbox Bank, all documents and records relating
to the Receivables and all amounts held (or thereafter received) by the Lockbox
Bank (together with an accounting of such amounts) and shall otherwise use its
best efforts to effect the orderly and efficient transfer of the Lockbox
arrangements.

         (e) On each Business Day, pursuant to the Lockbox Agreement, the
Lockbox Processor will transfer any payments from Obligors received in the
Post-Office Box to the Lockbox Account. Within two (2) Business Days of receipt
of funds into the Lockbox Account, the Servicer shall cause the Lockbox Bank to
transfer cleared funds from the Lockbox Account to the Collection Account. In
addition, the Servicer shall remit all payments by or on behalf of the Obligors
received by the Servicer with respect to the Receivables (other than Purchased
Receivables) and all Net Liquidation Proceeds no later than two (2) Business
Days following receipt directly (without deposit into any intervening account)
into the Lockbox Account or the Collection Account. The Servicer shall not
commingle its assets and funds with those on deposit in the Lockbox Account.

SECTION 4.3. REALIZATION UPON RECEIVABLES. On behalf of the Purchaser, the
Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders, the Servicer shall use its best
efforts, consistent with the servicing procedures set forth herein, to repossess
or otherwise convert the ownership of the Financed Vehicle securing any
Receivable as to which the Servicer shall have determined eventual payment in
full is unlikely. The Servicer shall commence efforts to repossess or otherwise
convert the ownership of a Financed Vehicle on or prior to the date that an
Obligor has failed to make more than 90% of a Scheduled Receivable Payment
thereon in excess of $10 for 120 days or more; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the
Servicer may elect not to commence such efforts within such time period if in
its good faith judgment it determines either that it would be impracticable to
do so or that the proceeds ultimately recoverable with respect to such
Receivable would be increased by forbearance. The Servicer shall follow such
customary and usual practices and procedures as it shall deem necessary or
advisable in its servicing of automotive receivables, consistent with the
standards of care set forth in Section 4.2, which may include reasonable efforts
to realize upon any recourse to Dealers and selling the Financed Vehicle at
public or private sale. The foregoing shall be subject to the provision that, in
any case in which the Financed Vehicle shall have suffered damage, the Servicer
shall not expend funds in connection with the repair or the repossession of such
Financed Vehicle unless it shall determine in its discretion exercised in good
faith that such repair and/or repossession will increase the proceeds ultimately
recoverable with respect to such Receivable by an amount greater than the amount
of such expenses.

SECTION 4.4. INSURANCE.


         (a) The Servicer, in accordance with the servicing procedures and
standards set forth herein, shall require that (i) each Obligor shall have
obtained insurance covering the Financed Vehicle, as of the date of the
execution of the Receivable, insuring against loss and damage due to fire,
theft, transportation, collision and other risks generally covered by
comprehensive and collision coverage and each Receivable requires the Obligor to
maintain such physical loss and damage insurance naming the Seller and its
successors and assigns as an additional insured, (ii) each Receivable that
finances the cost of premiums for credit life and credit accident and health
insurance is covered by an insurance policy or certificate naming the Seller as
policyholder (creditor) and (iii) as to each Receivable that finances the cost
of an extended service contract, the respective Financed Vehicle which secures
the Receivable is covered by an extended service contract (each, a "RECEIVABLES
INSURANCE POLICY").

         (b) To the extent applicable, the Servicer shall not take any action
which would result in noncoverage under any Receivables Insurance Policy which,
but for the actions of the Servicer, would have been covered thereunder. The
Servicer, on behalf of the Purchaser, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders,
shall take such reasonable action as shall be necessary to permit recovery under


                                       16
<PAGE>

each Receivables Insurance Policy. Any amounts collected by the Servicer under
any Receivables Insurance Policy, including, without limitation, proceeds
thereof, shall be deposited in the Collection Account within one (1) Business
Day of receipt.

SECTION 4.5. MAINTENANCE OF SECURITY INTERESTS IN VEHICLES.

         (a) Consistent with the policies and procedures required by this
Agreement, the Servicer shall take such steps on behalf of the Purchaser, the
Note Purchaser and the Noteholders as are necessary to maintain perfection of
the security interest created by each Receivable in the related Financed
Vehicle, including but not limited to obtaining the authorization or execution
by the Obligors and the recording, registering, filing, re-recording,
re-registering and refiling of all security agreements, financing statements and
continuation statements or instruments as are necessary to maintain the security
interest granted by the Obligors under the respective Receivables. The Trustee
hereby authorizes the Servicer, and the Servicer agrees, to take any and all
steps necessary to re-perfect or continue the perfection of such security
interest on behalf of the Purchaser and Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders and Note Purchaser as necessary because of the relocation of a
Financed Vehicle or for any other reason. In the event that the assignment of a
Receivable to the Purchaser, and the pledge thereof by the Purchaser to the
Trustee is insufficient, without a notation on the related Financed Vehicle's
certificate of title, or without fulfilling any additional administrative
requirements under the laws of the state in which the Financed Vehicle is
located, to perfect a security interest in the related Financed Vehicle in favor
of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, each
of the Trustee and the Seller hereby agrees that the Seller's designation as the
secured party on the certificate of title is in respect of the Seller's capacity
as Servicer as agent of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the
Note Purchaser.

         (b) Upon the occurrence and continuance of a Servicer Termination
Event, the Trustee, and the Servicer shall take or cause to be taken such action
as may, in the opinion of counsel to the Trustee, which opinion shall be an
expense of the Servicer and shall not be an expense of the Trustee, be necessary
to perfect or re-perfect the security interests in the Financed Vehicles
securing the Receivables in the name of the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders
and the Note Purchaser by amending the title documents of such Financed Vehicles
or by such other reasonable means as may, in the opinion of counsel to the
Trustee, which opinion shall be an expense of the Servicer and shall not be an
expense of the Trustee, be necessary or prudent.

         (c) The Seller hereby agrees to pay all expenses related to such
perfection or re-perfection in accordance with clauses (a) and (b) above and to
take all action necessary therefor. In addition, the Note Purchaser or the
Trustee may instruct the Servicer to take or cause to be taken, and the Servicer
shall take or cause to be taken, such action as may, in the judgment of the
Trustee or the Note Purchaser, be necessary to perfect or re-perfect the
security interest in the Financed Vehicles underlying the Receivables in the
name of the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser,
including by amending the title documents of such Financed Vehicles or by such
other reasonable means as may, in the judgment of the Trustee or the Note
Purchaser, be necessary or prudent; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if the Note
Purchaser or the Trustee requests that the title documents be amended prior to
the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, the Servicer shall carry out
such action only to the extent that the out-of-pocket expenses of the Servicer
shall be reimbursed by the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders, respectively.

SECTION 4.6. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF SERVICER.

         (a) The Servicer shall not release the Financed Vehicle securing any
Receivable from the security interest granted by such Receivable in whole or in
part except in the event of payment in full by the Obligor thereunder or
repossession or other liquidation of the Financed Vehicle, nor shall the
Servicer impair the rights of the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser or the Trustee
in such Receivables, nor shall the Servicer amend or otherwise modify a
Receivable, except as permitted in accordance with SECTION 4.2.


                                       17
<PAGE>

         (b) The Servicer shall obtain and/or maintain all necessary licenses,
approvals, authorizations, orders or other actions of any person, corporation or
other organization, or of any court, governmental agency or body or official,
required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the other Basic Documents.

         (c) The Servicer shall not make any material changes to its collection
policies unless the Note Purchaser expressly consents in writing prior to such
changes (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld).

         (d) The Servicer shall provide written notice to the Noteholders and
the Note Purchaser of any default, event of default, trigger event or servicer
termination event under any other warehouse financing facility or securitization
that has occurred and which default, event of default, trigger event or servicer
termination shall not have been waived or otherwise cured within the applicable
cure period.

         (e) The Servicer shall reimburse the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders
for any and all fees or expenses that the Note Purchaser or such Noteholders, as
applicable, pay to a bank arising out of a return of payments from the Purchaser
or the Seller deposited for collection by or for the benefit of the Note
Purchaser or the Noteholders, as applicable.

         (f) The Servicer will not (i) create, incur or suffer to exist, or
agree to create, incur or suffer to exist, or consent to cause or permit in the
future (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) the creation,
incurrence or existence of any lien, security interest, charge, pledge, equity,
encumbrance or restriction on transferability of the Receivables and the Other
Conveyed Property except (x) for the lien in favor of the Trustee for the
benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser and the restrictions on
transferability imposed by this Agreement or any other Basic Document or (y)
with respect to any portion of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property
released in a manner permitted by the Basic Documents from the lien in favor of
the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, or (ii)
sign or file under the UCC of any jurisdiction any financing statement which
names the Seller, the Servicer or the Purchaser as a debtor, or sign any
security agreement authorizing any secured party thereunder to file such
financing statement, with respect to the Receivables and Other Conveyed
Property, except in each case any such instrument solely securing the rights and
preserving the lien of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the
Note Purchaser.

SECTION 4.7. PURCHASE OF RECEIVABLES UPON BREACH OF COVENANT. Upon discovery by
any of the Servicer, the Purchaser, the Trustee, the Note Purchaser or any
Noteholder of a breach of any of the covenants of the Servicer set forth in
SECTION 4.2(A), 4.4, 4.5 or 4.6, the party discovering such breach shall give
prompt written notice to the others; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the failure to give
any such notice shall not affect any obligation of the Servicer under this
SECTION 4.7. Unless the breach shall have been cured by the last day of the next
Accrual Period following such discovery, the Servicer shall purchase any
Receivable materially and adversely affected by such breach. In consideration of
the purchase of such Receivable, the Servicer shall remit the Purchase Amount
for such Receivable in the manner specified in SECTION 5.6. The sole remedy of
the Trustee, the Purchaser, the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders hereunder with
respect to a breach of SECTION 4.2(A), 4.4, 4.5 or 4.6 shall be to require the
Servicer to repurchase Receivables pursuant to this SECTION 4.7; PROVIDED,
however, that the Servicer shall indemnify the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the
Purchaser, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders against all costs, expenses,
losses, damages, claims and liabilities, including reasonable fees and expenses
of counsel, which may be asserted against or incurred by any of them as a result
of third party claims arising out of the events or facts giving rise to such
breach.

SECTION 4.8. SERVICING FEE. The "SERVICING FEE" for each Settlement Date shall
be equal (a) to the sum of the following amount calculated for each day in the
related Accrual Period: the product of (i) the Servicing Fee Percentage and (ii)
the aggregate Principal Balance of the Eligible Receivables minus the Excess
Concentration Amount, if any, on such day and (iii) 1/360. The Servicing Fee
shall also include all late fees, prepayment charges and other administrative
fees or similar charges allowed by applicable law with respect to Receivables,
collected (from whatever source) on the Receivables. If the Backup Servicer
becomes the successor Servicer, the "Servicing Fee" payable to the Backup
Servicer as successor Servicer shall be determined in accordance with the
Servicing Assumption Agreement.


                                       18
<PAGE>

SECTION 4.9. SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE. No later than 12:00 noon New York City time
on each Determination Date, the Servicer shall deliver (in computer-readable
format reasonably acceptable to each such Person) to the Trustee, the Note
Purchaser, the Backup Servicer and the Purchaser, a certificate substantially in
the form of EXHIBIT A hereto (a "SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE") containing among other
things, (i) all information necessary to enable the Trustee to make the
distributions required by SECTION 5.7, (ii) all information necessary for the
Trustee to send statements to the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser pursuant to
SECTION 5.8(B) and 5.9, (iii) a listing of all Purchased Receivables purchased
as of the related Accounting Date, identifying the Receivables so purchased,
(iv) the calculation of the Borrowing Base as of the last day of the related
Accrual Period and (v) all information necessary to enable the Backup Servicer
to verify the information specified in SECTION 4.14(B) and to complete the
accounting required by SECTION 5.9. In addition to the information set forth in
the preceding sentence, each Servicer's Certificate shall also contain the
following information: (a) whether a Servicer Termination Event or any other
Funding Termination Event has occurred; (b) the Servicer Delinquency Ratio as of
the end of the Related Accrual Period; (c) the Servicer Loss Ratio as of such
Determination Date; (d) so long as the Servicer is CPS, a certification that the
Servicer is in compliance with the financial covenants contained in Sections
10.1(i), (j) and (k) of this Agreement; and (e) such other information
reasonably requested by the Note Purchaser and any Noteholder. The Servicer
shall deliver to the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser, the Backup
Servicer and the Purchaser a hard copy (which may be a facsimile) of any such
Servicer's Certificate upon request of such Person.

SECTION 4.10. ANNUAL STATEMENT AS TO COMPLIANCE, NOTICE OF SERVICER TERMINATION
EVENT.

         (a) The Servicer shall deliver to the Purchaser, to the Trustee, the
Note Purchaser and to the Noteholders and the Backup Servicer, on or before
March 31 of each year beginning March 31, 2006, an Officer's Certificate, dated
as of December 31 of the preceding year, stating that (i) a review of the
activities of the Servicer during the preceding 12-month period (or, in the case
of the first such certificate, the period from the initial Cutoff Date to
December 31, 2005) and of its performance under this Agreement has been made
under such officer's supervision and (ii) to the best of such officer's
knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer has fulfilled all its obligations
under this Agreement throughout such year (or, in the case of the first such
certificate, such shorter period), or, if there has been a default in the
fulfillment of any such obligation, specifying each such default known to such
officer and the nature and status thereof.

         (b) The Servicer shall deliver to the Trustee, the Noteholders, the
Note Purchaser and the Backup Servicer, promptly after having obtained knowledge
thereof, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days thereafter, written
notice in an Officer's Certificate of any event which with the giving of notice
or lapse of time, or both, would become a Servicer Termination Event under
SECTION 10.1.

SECTION 4.11. INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS' REPORTS. The Servicer shall cause a firm
of nationally recognized independent certified public accountants (the
"INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS"), who may also render other services to the Servicer
or to the Purchaser, to deliver to the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the Note
Purchaser and the Noteholders, on or before April 30 of each year beginning
April 30, 2006, a report dated as of December 31 of the preceding year in form
and substance reasonably acceptable to the Note Purchaser (the "ACCOUNTANTS'
REPORT") and reviewing the Servicer's activities during the preceding 12-month
period (or, in the case of the first such report, the period from the Cutoff
Date with respect to Receivables transferred to the Purchaser on the initial
Funding Date to December 31, 2005), addressed to the Board of Directors of the
Servicer, to the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the Note Purchaser and the
Noteholders, to the effect that such firm has examined the financial statements
of the Servicer and issued its report therefor and that such examination (1) was
made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, and accordingly
included such tests of the accounting records and such other auditing procedures
as such firm considered necessary in the circumstances; (2) included tests
relating to auto loans serviced for others in accordance with the requirements
of the Uniform Single Attestation Program for Mortgage Bankers (the "PROGRAM"),
to the extent the procedure in the Program are applicable to the servicing
obligations set forth in this Agreement; (3) included an examination of the
delinquency and loss statistics relating to the Servicer's portfolio of
automobile and light truck installment sale contracts; and (4) except as
described in the report, disclosed no exceptions or errors in the records
relating to automobile and light truck loans serviced for others that, in the
firm's opinion, paragraph four of the Program requires such firm to report. The
accountant's report shall further state that (1) a review in accordance with
agreed upon procedures was made of two randomly selected Servicer's
Certificates; (2) except as disclosed in the report, no exceptions or errors in
the Servicer's Certificates were found; and (3) the delinquency and loss
information relating to the Receivables and the stated amount of Liquidated
Receivables, if any, contained in the Servicer's Certificates were found to be
accurate. In the event such firm requires the Trustee and/or the Backup Servicer
to agree to the procedures performed by such firm, the Servicer shall direct the
Trustee and/or the Backup Servicer, as applicable, in writing to so agree; it
being understood and agreed that the Trustee and/or the Backup Servicer will


                                       19
<PAGE>

deliver such letter of agreement in conclusive reliance upon the direction of
the Servicer, and neither the Trustee nor the Backup Servicer makes any
independent inquiry or investigation as to, and shall have no obligation or
liability in respect of, the sufficiency, validity or correctness of such
procedures. The Report will also indicate that the firm is independent of the
Servicer within the meaning of the Code of Professional Ethics of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

SECTION 4.12. INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS' REVIEW OF RECEIVABLE FILES. Commencing on
December 31, 2005 and, thereafter on each March 31, June 30, September 30 and
December 31, to the extent that the Invested Amount on any day in the calendar
quarter then ending was greater than $10 million (or such other dates as the
Note Purchaser may determine in its reasonable discretion from time to time by
prior written notice to the Seller, the Servicer and the Trustee), the Seller at
its own expense shall cause Independent Accountants reasonably acceptable to the
Note Purchaser to conduct a post-funding review of the Seller's compliance with
its stated underwriting policies and verify certain characteristics of the
Receivables as of each Funding Date. The Independent Accountants shall within
ten Business Days complete such physical inspection and limited review and
execute and deliver to Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and
the Noteholders a report summarizing the findings. If such review reveals, in
the Note Purchaser's reasonable opinion, an unsatisfactory number of exceptions,
the Note Purchaser, in its reasonable discretion, may require a full review of a
larger sample of the Receivables by the Independent Accountants at the expense
of the Seller.

SECTION 4.13. ACCESS TO CERTAIN DOCUMENTATION AND INFORMATION REGARDING
RECEIVABLES. The Servicer shall provide to representatives of the Trustee, the
Backup Servicer, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders reasonable access to the
documentation regarding the Receivables. In each case, such access shall be
afforded without charge but only upon reasonable request and during normal
business hours. Nothing in this Section shall derogate from the obligation of
the Servicer to observe any applicable law prohibiting disclosure of information
regarding the Obligors, and the failure of the Servicer to provide access as
provided in this Section as a result of such obligation shall not constitute a
breach of this Section.

SECTION 4.14. VERIFICATION OF SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE.

         (a) Concurrently with the delivery by the Servicer of the Servicer's
Certificate each month, the Servicer will deliver to the Trustee and the Backup
Servicer and the Note Purchaser a computer diskette (or other electronic
transmission) in a format acceptable to the Trustee and the Backup Servicer
containing information with respect to the Receivables as of the close of
business on the last day of the preceding Accrual Period which information is
necessary for preparation of the Servicer's Certificate. The Backup Servicer
shall use such computer diskette (or other electronic transmission) to verify
certain information specified in SECTION 4.14(B) contained in the Servicer's
Certificate delivered by the Servicer, and the Backup Servicer shall notify the
Servicer, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders of any discrepancies on or
before the second Business Day following the Determination Date. In the event
that the Backup Servicer reports any discrepancies, the Servicer and the Backup
Servicer shall attempt to reconcile such discrepancies by the related Settlement
Date, but in the absence of a reconciliation, the Servicer's Certificate shall
control for the purpose of calculations and distributions pursuant to clauses
(i) through (vii) of Section 5.7(a) hereof with respect to the related
Settlement Date. No payments shall be made to the Issuer pursuant to, clause
(viii) of Section 5.7(a) hereof until any discrepancies shall have been
reconciled. In the event that the Backup Servicer and the Servicer are unable to
reconcile discrepancies with respect to a Servicer's Certificate by the related
Settlement Date, the Backup Servicer shall notify the Note Purchaser and the
Noteholders thereof in writing and the Servicer shall cause a firm of nationally
recognized, independent certified public accountants, at the Servicer's expense,
to audit the Servicer's Certificate and, prior to the fifth day of the following
calendar month, reconcile the discrepancies. The effect, if any, of such
reconciliation shall be reflected in the Servicer's Certificate for such next
succeeding Determination Date. Other than the duties specifically set forth in
this Agreement, the Backup Servicer shall have no obligations hereunder,
including, without limitation, to supervise, verify, monitor or administer the
performance of the Servicer. The Backup Servicer shall have no liability for any
actions taken or omitted by the Servicer. The duties and obligations of the
Backup Servicer shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this
Agreement and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this
Agreement against the Backup Servicer.


                                       20
<PAGE>

         (b) The Backup Servicer shall review each Servicer's Certificate
delivered pursuant to Section 4.14(a) and shall:

                  (i) confirm that such Servicer's Certificate is complete on
         its face;

                  (ii) load the computer diskette (which shall be in a format
         acceptable to the Backup Servicer) received from the Servicer pursuant
         to SECTION 4.14(A) hereof, confirm that such computer diskette is in a
         readable form and calculate and confirm the aggregate of the Principal
         Balances of the Receivables for the most recent Settlement Date; and

                  (iii) confirm that Available Funds, the Noteholder's Principal
         Distributable Amount, the Noteholder's Interest Distributable Amount,
         the Servicing Fee, the Backup Servicing Fee, the Trustee Fee, the
         Servicer Delinquency Ratio and the Servicer Loss Ratio in the
         Servicer's Certificate are accurate based solely on the recalculation
         of the Servicer's Certificate.

         (c) Within 30 days of the Closing Date and within thirty (30) days of
the effective date of any renewal of the Term of the Commitment pursuant to
Section 2.05 of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Backup Servicer will cause an
affiliate of the Backup Servicer to data map to its servicing system all
servicing/loan file information, including all relevant borrower contact
information such as address and phone numbers as well as loan balance and
payment information, including comment histories and collection notes. On or
before the fifth calendar day of each month, the Servicer will provide to an
affiliate of the Backup Servicer and the Note Purchaser an electronic
transmission of all servicing/loan information, including all relevant borrower
contact information such as address and phone numbers as well as loan balance
and payment information, including comment histories and collection notes, and
the Backup Servicer will cause such affiliate to review each file to ensure that
it is in readable form and verify that the data balances conform to the trial
balance reports received from the Servicer. Additionally, the Backup Servicer
shall cause such affiliate to store each such file.

SECTION 4.15. RETENTION AND TERMINATION OF SERVICER. The Servicer hereby
covenants and agrees to act as such under this Agreement for an initial term
commencing on the Closing Date and ending on November 30, 2005, which term may
be extended by the Note Purchaser for successive monthly terms pursuant to
written instructions delivered by the Note Purchaser to the Servicer and the
Trustee (or, at the discretion of the Note Purchaser exercised pursuant to
revocable written standing instructions from time to time to the Servicer and
the Trustee, for any specified number of terms greater than one), until such
time as the Notes and all other Secured Obligations have been paid in full (each
such notice, including each notice pursuant to standing instructions, which
shall be deemed delivered at the end of successive terms for so long as such
instructions are in effect, a "SERVICER EXTENSION NOTICE"). The Servicer hereby
agrees that, upon its receipt of any such Servicer Extension Notice or other
extension of its term as Servicer, the Servicer shall become bound, for the
duration of the term covered by such Servicer Extension Notice or for the
monthly term, as applicable, to continue as the Servicer subject to and in
accordance with the other provisions of this Agreement. The Trustee agrees that
if as of the twentieth day prior to the last day of any term of the Servicer,
the Trustee shall not have received any Servicer Extension Notice as of such
date, the Trustee shall, within five days thereafter, give written notice of
such non-receipt to the Note Purchaser and the Servicer and the Servicer's term
shall not be extended unless a Servicer Extension Notice is received on or
before the last day of such term.

SECTION 4.16. ERRORS AND OMISSIONS POLICY AND FIDELITY BOND. The Servicer shall
maintain an errors and omissions insurance policy and a fidelity bond in such
form and amount as is customary for comparable servicers engaged in the business
of servicing motor vehicle receivables.


                                       21
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE V
                                   ---------

              ACCOUNTS; DISTRIBUTIONS; STATEMENTS TO THE NOTEHOLDER
              -----------------------------------------------------

SECTION 5.1. ESTABLISHMENT OF PLEDGED ACCOUNTS.


         (a) The Trustee, on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser,
shall establish and maintain in its own name an Eligible Account (the
"COLLECTION ACCOUNT"), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds
deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchaser. The Collection Account shall initially be
established with the Trustee.

         (b) The Trustee, on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser,
shall establish and maintain in its own name an Eligible Account (the "NOTE
DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT"), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds
deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchaser. The Note Distribution Account shall
initially be established with the Trustee.

         (c) Funds on deposit in the Collection Account and the Note
Distribution Account (collectively, the "PLEDGED ACCOUNTS") shall be invested by
the Trustee (or any custodian with respect to funds on deposit in any such
account) in Eligible Investments selected in writing by the Servicer or, after
the resignation or termination of CPS as Servicer, by the Note Purchaser
(pursuant to standing instructions or otherwise). All such Eligible Investments
shall be held by or on behalf of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders
and the Note Purchaser. Other than as permitted by the Note Purchaser, funds on
deposit in any Pledged Account shall be invested in Eligible Investments that
will mature so that such funds will be available at the close of business on the
Business Day immediately preceding the following Settlement Date. Funds
deposited in a Pledged Account on the day immediately preceding a Settlement
Date upon the maturity of any Eligible Investments are not required to be
invested overnight. All Eligible Investments will be held to maturity. (d) All
investment earnings of moneys deposited in the Pledged Accounts shall be
deposited (or caused to be deposited) by the Trustee in the Collection Account
for distribution pursuant to SECTION 5.7(A), and any loss resulting from such
investments shall be charged to such account. The -- Servicer will not direct
the Trustee to make any investment of any funds held in any of the Pledged
Accounts unless the security interest granted and perfected in such account will
continue to be perfected in such investment, in either case without any further
action by any Person, and, in connection with any direction to the Trustee to
make any such investment, if requested by the Trustee, the Servicer shall
deliver to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel, acceptable to the Trustee, to such
effect.

         (e) The Trustee shall not in any way be held liable by reason of any
insufficiency in any of the Pledged Accounts resulting from any loss on any
Eligible Investment included therein except for losses attributable to the
Trustee's negligence or bad faith or its failure to make payments on such
Eligible Investments issued by the Trustee, in its commercial capacity as
principal obligor and not as trustee, in accordance with their terms.

         (f) If (i) the Servicer or the Note Purchaser, as applicable, shall
have failed to give investment directions for any funds on deposit in the
Pledged Accounts to the Trustee by 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time (or such other time as
may be agreed by the Purchaser and Trustee) on any Business Day; or (ii) an
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the Notes
but the Notes shall not have been declared due and payable, or, if the Notes
shall have been declared due and payable following an Event of Default, amounts
collected or receivable from the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property are
being applied as if there had not been such a declaration; then the Trustee
shall, to the fullest extent practicable, invest and reinvest funds in the
Pledged Accounts in an Eligible Investment described in PARAGRAPH (A) OR (F) of
the definition thereof.


                                       22
<PAGE>

         (g) The Trustee shall possess all right, title and interest in all
funds on deposit from time to time in the Pledged Accounts and in all proceeds
thereof (including all Investment Earnings on the Pledged Accounts) and all such
funds, investments, proceeds and income shall be part of Other Conveyed Property
and the Collateral. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Pledged Accounts
shall be under the sole dominion and control of the Trustee for the benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser. If at any time any of the Pledged
Accounts ceases to be an Eligible Account, the Trustee with the consent of the
Note Purchaser shall within five Business Days establish a new Pledged Account
as an Eligible Account and shall transfer any cash and/or any investments from
the Pledged Account that is no longer an Eligible Account to such new Pledged
Account. The Trustee shall promptly notify the Servicer, the Note Purchaser and
the Noteholders of any change in the location of any of the aforementioned
accounts. In connection with the foregoing, the Trustee agrees that, in the
event that any of the Pledged Accounts are not accounts with the Trustee, the
Trustee shall notify the Servicer, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders in
writing promptly upon any of such Pledged Accounts ceasing to be an Eligible
Account.

         (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other
document relating to a Trust Account, the "securities intermediary's
jurisdiction" (within the meaning of Section 8-110 of the UCC) or the "bank's
jurisdiction" (with the meaning of 9-304 of the UCC) as applicable, with respect
to each Pledged Account shall be the State of New York.

         (i) With respect to the Pledged Account Property, the Trustee agrees
that:

                  (i) any Pledged Account Property that is held in deposit
         accounts shall be held solely in an Eligible Account; and, except as
         otherwise provided herein, each such Eligible Account shall be subject
         to the exclusive custody and control of the Trustee and the Trustee
         shall have sole signature authority with respect thereto; and

                  (ii) any Pledged Account Property shall be delivered to the
         Trustee in accordance with the definition of "DELIVERY".

                  (iii) the Servicer shall have the power, revocable by the Note
         Purchaser to instruct the Trustee to make withdrawals and payments from
         the Pledged Accounts for the purpose of permitting the Servicer and the
         Trustee to carry out their respective duties hereunder.

SECTION 5.2. ESTABLISHMENT OF DEPOSIT ACCOUNT

         The Trustee shall establish and maintain the Deposit Account in the
name of CPS. The Deposit Account shall be established with the Trustee as the
Deposit Account Bank (as defined in the Account Control Agreement) and governed
and maintained in accordance with the provisions of the Account Control
Agreement. All distributions made by the Issuer and Seller to CPS in respect of
CPS's equity interest in the Issuer shall be deposited by the Issuer directly
into the Deposit Account. Amounts on deposit in the Deposit Account shall be
invested by the Trustee (or any custodian with respect to funds on deposit in
any such account) in Eligible Investments selected in writing by CPS (pursuant
to standing instructions or otherwise). All investment earnings of moneys
deposited in the Deposit Account shall be held in the Deposit Account until
withdrawn by CPS (unless otherwise prohibited pursuant to Section 2 of the
Account Control Agreement), and any loss resulting from such investments shall
be charged to the Deposit Account

SECTION 5.3. CERTAIN REIMBURSEMENTS TO THE SERVICER. The Servicer will be
entitled to be reimbursed from amounts on deposit in the Collection Account with
respect to an Accrual Period for amounts previously deposited in the Collection
Account but later determined by the Servicer to have resulted from mistaken
deposits or postings or checks returned for insufficient funds. The amount to be
reimbursed hereunder shall be paid to the Servicer on the related Settlement
Date pursuant to SECTION 5.7(A)(II) upon certification by the Servicer of such
amounts prior to such Settlement Date and the provision of such information to
the Trustee and the Note Purchaser prior to such Settlement Date as may be
necessary in the opinion of the Note Purchaser to verify the accuracy of such
certification; provided, however, that the Servicer must provide such
certification within three months of it becoming aware of such mistaken deposit,
posting or returned check. In the event that the Note Purchaser has not received
evidence satisfactory to it of the Servicer's entitlement to reimbursement
pursuant to this Section prior to such Settlement Date, the Note Purchaser shall
give the Trustee notice to such effect, following receipt of which the Trustee
shall not make a distribution to the Servicer in respect of such amount pursuant
to SECTION 5.7, or if prior thereto the Servicer has been reimbursed pursuant to
SECTION 5.7, the Trustee shall withhold such amounts from amounts otherwise
distributable to the Servicer on the next succeeding Settlement Date.


                                       23
<PAGE>

SECTION 5.4. APPLICATION OF COLLECTIONS.All collections for each Accrual Period
shall be applied by the Servicer as follows:

         With respect to each Receivable (other than a Purchased Receivable),
payments by or on behalf of the Obligor shall be applied to interest and
principal in accordance with the Simple Interest Method.

SECTION 5.5. [RESERVED].

SECTION 5.6. ADDITIONAL DEPOSITS. The Servicer, the Issuer, the Purchaser or the
Seller, as the case may be, shall each deposit or cause to be deposited in the
Collection Account (i) the Purchase Amount with respect to any Purchased
Receivable on the date of purchase of such Receivable and (ii) any amounts due
the Trustee, Noteholders, the Note Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Purchaser
(in each case, to the extent not paid directly thereto) in respect of any
indemnification obligation of the Servicer, the Issuer, the Purchaser or the
Seller under the Basic Documents.

SECTION 5.7. DISTRIBUTIONS.

         (a) On each Settlement Date prior to the acceleration of the Notes
following an Event of Default, the Trustee (based on the information contained
in the Servicer's Certificate delivered on the related Determination Date) shall
make the following distributions in the following order of priority from amounts
on deposit in the Collection Account:

                  (i) to the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as applicable, pro
         rata from Available Funds, in respect of the Backup Servicing Fee (so
         long as the Backup Servicer is not acting as successor Servicer), the
         Trustee Fee, reasonable expenses incurred in connection with
         transitioning the servicing to the Backup Servicer and all other
         reasonable out-of-pocket expenses thereof (including counsel fees and
         expenses) and all unpaid Backup Servicing Fees (so long as the Backup
         Servicer is not acting as successor Servicer), Trustee Fees, reasonable
         expenses incurred in connection with transitioning the servicing to the
         Backup Servicer and all other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
         (including counsel fees and expenses) from prior Accrual Periods;
         PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that expenses payable to each of the Backup Servicer
         and Trustee pursuant to this clause (i), excluding amounts paid to the
         Backup Servicer in respect of transition expenses, shall be limited to
         a total of $25,000 per annum (calculated from November 15, 2005 to
         November 14, 2006, and each succeeding 364-day period to the extent the
         Term is extended pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement); PROVIDED,
         FURTHER, that the amount of transition expenses distributed to the
         Backup Servicer during the term of this Agreement pursuant to this
         clause (i) shall in no case exceed $50,000 in the aggregate;

                  (ii) to the Servicer, from Available Funds, in respect of the
         Servicing Fee and all unpaid Servicing Fees from prior Accrual Periods
         and all reimbursements to which the Servicer is entitled pursuant to
         SECTION 5.3;

                  (iii) to the Note Distribution Account, from Available Funds,
         the Noteholders' Interest Distributable Amount for such Accrual Period;

                  (iv) to the Note Distribution Account, from Available Funds,
         the Noteholders' Principal Distributable Amount for such Accrual
         Period;

                  (v) to any successor Servicer, from Available Funds, its
         servicing fees in excess of the Servicing Fee and, to the extent not
         previously paid by the predecessor Servicer pursuant to this Agreement,
         reasonable transition expenses (up to a maximum of $50,000 in the
         aggregate over the term of this Agreement) incurred in becoming the
         successor Servicer; and


                                       24
<PAGE>

                  (vi) to the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as applicable,
         pro rata, from Available Funds, in respect of reasonable out-of-pocket
         expenses thereof (including counsel fees and expenses) and reasonable
         out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees and expenses) from prior
         Accrual Periods to the extent not paid thereto pursuant to SECTION
         5.7(A)(I) above; and

                  (vii) to the Note Distribution Account, from Available Funds,
         any Margin Call, the Commitment Fee, the Minimum Placement Fee and all
         other fees, expenses, indemnity payments (to the extent not paid
         directly) and all other amounts owing to the Note Purchaser and/or the
         Noteholders under the Basic Documents; and

                  (viii) to the Issuer, the remaining Available Funds, if any;
         provided that no Available Funds shall be paid to the Issuer pursuant
         to this priority (viii) until (x) any amounts owed to the Noteholders
         and the Note Purchaser pursuant to Sections 3.03, 3.04 and 3.05 of the
         Note Purchase Agreement have been paid in full and (y) any
         discrepancies in the Servicer's Certificate shall have been reconciled
         pursuant to Section 4.14(a) hereof.

         (b) Following an acceleration of the Notes after an Event of Default,
any money or property that the Trustee collects pursuant to Article V of the
Indenture shall be paid pursuant to Section 5.6(a) of the Indenture; provided,
however, that Available Funds shall be applied in the order of priority
specified in SECTION 5.7(A) above.

         (c) In the event that the Collection Account is maintained with an
institution other than the Trustee, the Servicer shall instruct and cause such
institution to make all deposits and distributions pursuant to SECTION 5.7(A) on
the related Settlement Date.

SECTION 5.8. NOTE DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT.

         (a) On each Settlement Date (based solely on the information contained
in the Servicer's Certificate), the Trustee shall distribute all amounts on
deposit in the Note Distribution Account to the Noteholders in respect of the
Notes to the extent of amounts due and unpaid on the Notes for principal and
interest, and to the Note Purchaser in respect of other amounts due and owing
under the Basic Documents, in the following amounts and in the following order
of priority:

                  (i) to the Noteholders, the Noteholders' Interest
         Distributable Amount; PROVIDED that if there are not sufficient funds
         in the Note Distribution Account to pay the entire amount then due on
         the Note, the amount in the Note Distribution Account shall be applied
         to the payment of such interest pro rata among the Holders of the
         Notes;

                  (ii) to the Noteholders, in reduction of the Invested Amount,
         the Noteholders' Principal Distributable Amount to pay principal on the
         Notes until the outstanding principal amount of the Notes have been
         reduced to zero; PROVIDED that if there are not sufficient funds in the
         Note Distribution Account to pay the entire amount then due on the
         Notes, the amount in the Note Distribution Account shall be applied to
         the payment of such principal pro rata among the Holders of the Notes;

                  (iii) to the Noteholders, in reduction of the Invested Amount,
         in an amount necessary to cover any Margin Call;

                  (iv) to the Note Purchaser, the Commitment Fee;

                  (v) to the Note Purchaser, if such Settlement Date occurs on
         or after the Minimum Placement Fee Payment Date, the Minimum Placement
         Fee; and


                                       25
<PAGE>

                  (vi) sequentially, to the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders,
         in that order, any other amounts due the Note Purchaser and the
         Noteholders, respectively, pursuant to any of the Basic Documents.

         (b) On each Settlement Date, the Trustee shall provide or make
available electronically (or, upon written request, by first class mail or
facsimile) to the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser the statement or statements
provided to the Trustee by the Servicer pursuant to SECTION 5.9 hereof on such
Settlement Date; PROVIDED HOWEVER, the Trustee shall have no obligation to
provide such information described in this SECTION 5.8(B) until it has received
the requisite information from the Servicer.

SECTION 5.9. STATEMENTS TO NOTEHOLDERS. (a) On the Determination Date (in
accordance with SECTION 4.9), the Servicer shall provide to the Trustee, the
Note Purchaser and the Noteholders on the related Record Date a copy of the
Servicer's Certificate setting forth at least the following information as to
the Notes to the extent applicable in the form attached as hereto EXHIBIT A:

                  (i) the amount of such distribution allocable to principal of
         the Notes;

                  (ii) the amount of such distribution allocable to interest on
         or with respect to the Notes;

                  (iii) the aggregate of the Principal Balances of the
         Receivables as of the close of business on the last day of the
         preceding Accrual Period;

                  (iv) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes;

                  (v) the amount of the Servicing Fee paid to the Servicer with
         respect to the related Accrual Period, and the amount of any unpaid
         Servicing Fees and the change in such amount from the prior Settlement
         Date;

                  (vi) (A) the amount of each of the Backup Servicing Fee and
         the Trustee Fee paid to the Backup Servicer and the Trustee as
         applicable, with respect to the related Accrual Period, (B) the amount
         of any unpaid Backup Servicing Fees and Trustee Fees and the change in
         such amounts from the prior Settlement Date, (C) the amount of all
         expenses paid to the Trustee and the Backup Servicer, with respect to
         the related Accrual Period, and (D) the difference between the maximum
         per annum amount payable to the Trustee and Backup Servicer in respect
         of expenses (other than servicing transition expenses) as set forth in
         Section 5.7(a)(i) and the amount paid to the Backup Servicer and
         Trustee year-to-date (to and including the related Settlement Date) in
         respect of such expenses;

                  (vii) the Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall and the
         Noteholders' Principal Carryover Shortfall, if any;

                  (viii) the number of Receivables and the aggregate gross
         amount scheduled to be paid thereon, including unearned finance and
         other charges, for which the related Obligors are delinquent in making
         Scheduled Receivable Payments for (a) 31 to 45 days and (d) 46 days or
         more, in each case as of the last day of the related Accrual Period;

                  (ix) the amount of aggregate Realized Losses, if any, for the
         related Accrual Period;

                  (x) the number of, and the aggregate Purchase Amounts for,
         Receivables, if any, that were repurchased during the related Interest
         Period and summary information as to losses and delinquencies with
         respect to the Receivables as of the end of the related Accrual Period;

                  (xi) the cumulative amount of Realized Losses from the initial
         Cutoff Date to the last day of the related Accrual Period; and


                                       26
<PAGE>

                  (xii) the Servicer Delinquency Ratio as of the end of the
         related Accrual Period and the Servicer Loss Ratio as of the related
         Determination Date.

         (b) Within 60 days after the end of each calendar year, commencing
February 28, 2006, the Servicer shall deliver to the Trustee, and the Trustee
shall, provided it has received the necessary information from the Servicer,
promptly thereafter furnish to each Noteholder (a) a report (prepared by the
Servicer) as to the aggregate of the amounts reported pursuant to subclauses
(i), (ii), (v) and (vi) of SECTION 5.9(A) for such preceding calendar year, and
(b) such information as may be reasonably requested by such Noteholder or
required by the Code and regulations thereunder, to enable such Noteholder to
prepare its Federal and State income tax returns. The obligation of the Trustee
set forth in this paragraph shall be deemed to have been satisfied to the extent
that substantially comparable information shall be provided by the Servicer to
such Noteholder pursuant to any requirements of the Code.

         (c) The Trustee may make available to the Note Purchaser and the
Noteholders via the Trustee's Internet Website, all statements described herein
and, with the consent or at the direction of the Seller, such other information
regarding the Notes and/or the Receivables as the Trustee may have in its
possession, but only with the use of a password provided by the Trustee. The
Trustee will make no representation or warranties as to the accuracy or
completeness of such documents accurately posted and will assume no
responsibility therefor. The Trustee's Internet Website shall be initially
located at WWW.CTSLINK.COM or at such other address as shall be specified by the
Trustee from time to time in writing to the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser.
In connection with providing access to the Trustee's Internet Website, the
Trustee may require registration and the acceptance of a disclaimer. The Trustee
shall not be liable for the dissemination of information in accordance with this
Agreement.

SECTION 5.10. DIVIDEND OF INELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES. The Issuer may on the last day
of the month in which any Receivables are sold into a securitization transaction
distribute any Ineligible Receivables to the Seller as a dividend, free of the
deemed security interest referred to in Section 2.2 hereof; PROVIDED THAT there
is no Borrowing Base Deficiency immediately after such dividend.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   ----------

                                   [RESERVED]
                                   ----------

                                  ARTICLE VII
                                  -----------

                                  THE PURCHASER
                                  -------------

SECTION 7.1. REPRESENTATIONS OF PURCHASER. The Purchaser makes the following
representations on which the Noteholders shall be deemed to have relied in
purchasing the Notes and the Note Purchaser shall have been deemed to have
relied in making each Advance. The representations speak as of the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and as of each Funding Date, and shall survive the
sale of the Receivables to the Purchaser and the pledge thereof to the Trustee
for the benefit of the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders pursuant to the
Indenture.

         (a) ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING. The Purchaser has been duly formed
and is validly existing as a limited liability company solely under the laws of
the state of Delaware and is in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware, with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its
business as such properties are currently owned and such business is currently
conducted, and had at all relevant times, and now has, power, authority and
legal right to acquire, own and pledge the Receivables and the Other Conveyed
Property pledged to the Trustee and to enter into and perform its other
obligations under this Agreement and each other Basic Document to which it is a
party.

         (b) DUE QUALIFICATION. The Purchaser is duly qualified to do business
as a foreign limited liability company in good standing, and has obtained all
necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or
lease of property or the conduct of its business (including, without limitation,
the purchase of Receivables from CPS, the pledge of Collateral to the Trustee
for the benefit of the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders pursuant to the
Indenture, and the performance of its other obligations under this Agreement and
each other Basic Document) shall require such qualifications.


                                       27
<PAGE>

         (c) POWER AND AUTHORITY. The Purchaser has the power (corporate and
other) and authority, and has all material government licenses, authorizations,
consents and approvals necessary to own its assets and carry on its business as
now being conducted, to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Basic
Documents to which it is a party and to carry out its terms and their terms,
respectively; the Purchaser has full power and authority to pledge the
Collateral to be pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchaser
and the Noteholders by it pursuant to the Indenture and has duly authorized such
pledge to the Trustee by all necessary corporate action; and the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which the
Purchaser is a party have been duly authorized by the Purchaser by all necessary
action.

         (d) VALID SALE. BINDING OBLIGATIONS. This Agreement effects a valid
sale of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property, enforceable against the
Seller and creditors of and purchasers from the Seller, the Indenture
constitutes a valid pledge of the Collateral which constitutes a first priority
perfected security interest in the Collateral in favor of the Trustee for the
benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, enforceable against the
Issuer and creditors of and purchasers from the Issuer, and this Agreement and
the other Basic Documents to which the Purchaser is a party, when duly executed
and delivered, shall constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the
Purchaser enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by
equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

         (e) NO VIOLATION. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and the other Basic Documents and the fulfillment of the terms of
this Agreement and the other Basic Documents shall not conflict with, result in
any breach of any of the terms and provisions of or constitute (with or without
notice, lapse of time or both) a default under the Limited Liability Company
Agreement of the Purchaser, or any indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust
or other instrument to which the Purchaser is a party or by which it is bound,
or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties
pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust
or other instrument, other than the Basic Documents, or violate any law, order,
rule, regulation, ordinance or directive of any Governmental Authority
applicable to the Purchaser of any court or of any federal or state regulatory
body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having
jurisdiction over the Purchaser or any of its properties.

         (f) NO PROCEEDINGS. There are no proceedings or investigations pending
or, to the Purchaser's knowledge, threatened against the Purchaser, before any
court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other tribunal or governmental
instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Purchaser or its properties (A)
asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, the Notes or any of the Basic
Documents, (B) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the consummation
of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Basic
Documents, (C) seeking any determination or ruling that might materially and
adversely affect the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations under, or
the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents
or otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect or result in a Material Adverse
Change in respect of the Purchaser, or (D) relating to the Purchaser or the
Collateral and which might adversely affect the federal or State income, excise,
franchise or similar tax attributes of the Notes.

         (g) NO CONSENTS. The Purchaser is not required to obtain the consent of
any other Person and no consent, approval, authorization or order of or
declaration or filing with any governmental authority is required for conduct of
the Purchaser's business, the issuance or sale of the Notes or the consummation
of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic
Documents, except such as have been duly made or obtained or as may be required
by the Basic Documents.


                                       28
<PAGE>

         (h) TAX RETURNS. The Purchaser has filed all federal and state tax
returns that are required to be filed and paid all taxes, including any
assessments received by it, to the extent that such taxes have become due. Any
taxes, fees and other governmental charges payable by the Purchaser in
connection with consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other Basic Documents to which the Purchaser is a party and the
fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to
which the Purchaser is a party have been paid or shall have been paid at or
prior to the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date.

         (i) OTHER OBLIGATIONS. The Purchaser is not in default in the
performance, observance or fulfillment of any obligation, covenant or condition
in any of the Basic Documents to which it is a party or in any other agreement
or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound the result of which
would have a Material Adverse Effect or result in a Material Adverse Change.

         (j) CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE. The chief executive office of the Purchaser
is at 16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine, CA 92618.

         (k) CERTIFICATE, STATEMENTS AND REPORTS. The officer's certificates,
statements, reports and other documents prepared by the Purchaser and furnished
by the Purchaser to the Trustee, the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders pursuant
to this Agreement or any other Basic Document to which it is a party, or
otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby,
when taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein
or therein not misleading.

         (l) LEGAL COUNSEL, ETC. The Purchaser consulted with its own legal
counsel and independent accountants to the extent it deems necessary regarding
the tax, accounting and regulatory consequences of the transactions contemplated
hereby, the Purchaser is not participating in such transactions in reliance on
any representations of any other party, their affiliates, or their counsel with
respect to tax, accounting, regulatory or any other matters.

         (m) NO DEFAULT. The Purchaser is not in default in the performance,
observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions
contained in, and is not otherwise in default under (i) any law or statute
applicable to it, including, without limitation, any Consumer Law, (ii) any
judgment, decree, writ, injunction, order, award or other action of any court or
governmental authority or arbitrator or any order, rule or regulation of any
federal, state, county, municipal or other governmental or public authority or
agency having or asserting jurisdiction over it or any of its properties or
(iii) (x) any indebtedness or any instrument or agreement under or pursuant to
which any such indebtedness has been, or could be, issued or incurred or (y) any
other instrument or agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound or
any of its properties is affected, including, without limitation, the Basic
Documents, that either individually or in the aggregate, (A) would result in a
Material Adverse Change with respect to the Purchaser, or in any impairment of
the right or ability of the Purchaser to carry on its business substantially as
now conducted or (B) would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

         (n) ERISA. The Purchaser does not maintain any Plans, and the Purchaser
agrees to notify the Note Purchaser in advance of forming any Plans. Neither the
Issuer nor any Affiliate of the Purchaser (other than MFN under the MFN
Financial Corporation Pension Plan and CPS under its defined contribution
(401(k)) plan) has any obligations or liabilities with respect to any Plans or
Multiemployer Plans, nor have any such Persons had any obligations or
liabilities with respect to any such Plans during the five year period prior to
the date this representation is made or deemed made. The Purchaser will give
notice to the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders if at any time it or any
Affiliate has any obligations or liabilities with respect to any Plan or
Multiemployer Plan. All Plans maintained by the Purchaser or any Affiliate are
in substantial compliance with all applicable laws (including ERISA). The
Purchaser is not an employer under any Multiemployer Plan.

         (o) COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. The Purchaser has complied and will comply in
all material respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, judgments,
agreements, decrees and orders with respect to its business and properties.


                                       29
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                  ------------

                                   THE SELLER
                                   ----------

SECTION 8.1. REPRESENTATIONS OF SELLER. The Seller makes the following
representations on which the Purchaser shall be deemed to have relied in
acquiring the Receivables, the Noteholders shall be deemed to have relied in
purchasing the Notes and the Note Purchaser shall have been deemed to have
relied in making each Advance. The representations speak as of the execution and
delivery of this Agreement, as of the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date,
and shall survive the sale of the Receivables to the Purchaser and the pledge
thereof by the Purchaser to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and
the Note Purchaser pursuant to the Indenture.

         (a) ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING. The Seller has been duly organized
and is validly existing as a corporation solely under the laws of the State of
California and is in good standing under the laws of the State of California,
with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as
such properties are currently owned and such business is currently conducted,
and had at all relevant times, and now has, power, authority and legal right to
acquire, own and sell the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property
transferred to the Purchaser and to perform its other obligations under this
Agreement or any other Basic Documents to which it is a party.

         (b) DUE QUALIFICATION. The Seller is duly qualified to do business as a
foreign corporation in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and
approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or
the conduct of its business (including, without limitation, the origination or
purchase of motor vehicle retail installment sales contracts, the sale of the
Receivables to the Purchaser hereunder, the servicing of the Receivables as
required by this Agreement, and its other obligations hereunder and under the
other Basic Documents) requires or shall require such qualification except where
the failure to so qualify or obtain such licenses or consents would result in a
Material Adverse Effect or a Material Adverse Change.

         (c) POWER AND AUTHORITY. The Seller has the power (corporate and other)
and authority, and has all material government licenses, authorizations,
consents and approvals necessary to own its assets and carry on its business as
now being conducted, to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Basic
Documents to which it is a party and to carry out its terms and their terms,
respectively; the Seller has full power and authority to sell and assign the
Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to be sold and assigned to and
deposited with the Purchaser by it and has duly authorized such sale and
assignment to the Purchaser by all necessary corporate action; and the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Basic Documents to
which the Seller is a party have been duly authorized by the Seller by all
necessary corporate action.

         (d) VALID SALE; BINDING OBLIGATIONS. This Agreement effects a valid
sale, transfer and assignment of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property
to the Purchaser, enforceable against the Seller and creditors of and purchasers
from the Seller; and this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which the Seller
is a party, when duly executed and delivered, shall constitute legal, valid and
binding obligations of the Seller enforceable in accordance with their
respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited, by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors' rights generally and by equitable limitations on the availability of
specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law.

         (e) NO VIOLATION. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and the Basic Documents and the fulfillment of the terms of this
Agreement and the Basic Documents does not conflict with, result in any breach
of any of the terms and provisions of or constitute (with or without notice,
lapse of time or both) a default under the certificate of incorporation or
by-laws of the Seller, or any indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or
other instrument to which the Seller is a party or by which it is bound, or
result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties
pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust
or other instrument, other than the Basic Documents, or violate any law, order,
rule, regulation, ordinance or directive of any Governmental Authority
applicable to the Seller of any court or of any federal or state regulatory
body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having
jurisdiction over the Seller or any of its properties.


                                       30
<PAGE>

         (f) NO PROCEEDINGS. There are no proceedings or investigations pending
or, to the Seller's knowledge, threatened against the Seller, before any court,
regulatory body, administrative agency or other tribunal or governmental
instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Seller or its properties (A)
asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents, (B)
seeking to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents, or
(C) seeking any determination or ruling that might materially and adversely
affect the performance by the Seller of its obligations under, or the validity
or enforceability of, this Agreement or any of the other Basic Documents or
otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect or result in a Material Adverse Change
in respect of the Seller or (D) relating to the Seller or the Receivables or
Other Conveyed Property and which might adversely affect the federal or State
income, excise, franchise or similar tax attributes of the Notes.

         (g) NO CONSENTS. No consent, approval, authorization or order of or
declaration or filing with any governmental authority is required for the
conduct of the Seller's business, the issuance or sale of the Notes or the
consummation of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Basic Documents, except such as have been duly made or obtained.

         (h) FINANCIAL CONDITION. The Seller has a positive net worth and is
able to and does pay its liabilities as they mature. The Seller is not in
default under any obligation to pay money to any Person except for matters being
disputed in good faith which do not involve an obligation of the Seller on a
promissory note. The Seller will not use the proceeds from the transactions
contemplated by the Basic Documents to give any preference to any creditor or
class of creditors, and such transactions will not leave the Seller with
remaining assets which are unreasonably small compared to its ongoing
operations.

         (i) FRAUDULENT CONVEYANCE. The Seller is not selling the Receivables to
the Purchaser with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its creditors;
the Seller will not be rendered insolvent as a result of the sale of the
Receivables to the Purchaser.

         (j) TAX RETURNS. The Seller has filed all material federal and state
tax returns that are required to be filed and paid all material taxes, including
any assessments received by it, to the extent that such taxes have become due
(other than taxes, the amount or validity of which are currently being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in
conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the Seller). Any taxes,
fees and other governmental charges payable by the Seller in connection with
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other
Basic Documents to which the Seller is a party and the fulfillment of the terms
of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which the Seller is a party
have been paid or shall have been paid as of each Funding Date.

         (k) CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE. The Seller has more than one place of
business, and the chief executive office of the Seller is at 16355 Laguna Canyon
Road, Irvine, CA 92618 and its organizational number is 1682500.

         (l) CERTIFICATE, STATEMENTS AND REPORTS. The officer's certificates,
statements, reports and other documents prepared by Seller and furnished by
Seller to the Purchaser, the Trustee, the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders
pursuant to this Agreement or any other Basic Document to which it is a party,
or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby,
when taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein
or therein not misleading.

         (m) LEGAL COUNSEL, ETC. Seller consulted with its own legal counsel and
independent accountants to the extent it deems necessary regarding the tax,
accounting and regulatory consequences of the transactions contemplated hereby,
Seller is not participating in such transactions in reliance on any
representations of any other party, their affiliates, or their counsel with
respect to tax, accounting and regulatory matters.


                                       31
<PAGE>

         (n) NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2005. No Material
Adverse Change has occurred with respect to the Seller since the end of the
quarter reported on in the Seller's Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on
November 3, 2005.

         (o) NO DEFAULT. The Seller is not in default in the performance,
observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions
contained in, and is not otherwise in default under (i) any law or statute
applicable to it, including, without limitation, any Consumer Law, (ii) any
judgment, decree, writ, injunction, order, award or other action of any court or
governmental authority or arbitrator or any order, rule or regulation of any
federal, state, county, municipal or other governmental or public authority or
agency having or asserting jurisdiction over it or any of its properties or
(iii) (x) any indebtedness or any instrument or agreement under or pursuant to
which any such indebtedness has been, or could be, issued or incurred or (y) any
other instrument or agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound or
any of its properties is affected, including, without limitation, the Basic
Documents, that either individually or in the aggregate, (A) would result in a
Material Adverse Change with respect to the Seller, or in any impairment of the
right or ability of the Seller to carry on its business substantially as now
conducted or (B) would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

         (p) OTHER OBLIGATIONS. The Seller is not in default in the performance,
observance or fulfillment of any obligation, covenant or condition in any of the
Basic Documents to which it is a party or in any agreement or instrument to
which it is a party or by which it is bound the result of which would have a
Material Adverse Effect or result in a Material Adverse Change.

         (q) ERISA. The Seller does not maintain any Plans (other than its
defined contribution (401(k)) plan and the MFN Financial Corporation Pension
Plan), and the Seller agrees to notify the Note Purchaser in advance of forming
any Plans. Neither the Seller nor any Affiliate of the Seller (other than MFN
under the MFN Financial Corporation Pension Plan) has any obligations or
liabilities with respect to any Plans or Multiemployer Plans, nor have any such
Persons had any obligations or liabilities with respect to any such Plans during
the five year period prior to the date this representation is made or deemed
made. The Seller will give notice to the Note Purchaser if at any time it or any
Affiliate has any obligations or liabilities with respect to any Plan or
Multiemployer Plan. All Plans maintained by the Seller or any Affiliate are in
substantial compliance with all applicable laws (including ERISA). The Seller is
not an employer under any Multiemployer Plan.

         (r) COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. The Seller has complied and will comply in
all material respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, judgments,
agreements, decrees and orders with respect to its business and properties.

SECTION 8.2. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE SELLER.

         (a) SALE. The Seller agrees to treat the conveyances hereunder as
financings for tax and accounting purposes and as sales for all other purposes
(including without limitation legal and bankruptcy purposes) on all relevant
books, records, tax returns, financial statements and other applicable
documents.

         (b) NON-PETITION. In the event of any breach of a representation and
warranty made by the Purchaser hereunder, the Seller covenants and agrees that
it will not take any action to pursue any remedy that it may have hereunder, in
law, in equity or otherwise, until a year and a day have passed since the date
on which the Notes issued by the Issuer and all other amounts due and owing to
the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser pursuant to the Basic Documents have been
paid in full. The Purchaser and the Seller agree that damages will not be an
adequate remedy for breach of this covenant and that this covenant may be
specifically enforced by the Purchaser, by the Trustee on behalf of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, by the Note Purchaser or by the Majority
Noteholders.


                                       32
<PAGE>

         (c) CHANGES TO SELLER'S CONTRACT PURCHASE GUIDELINES. The Seller
covenants that it will not make any material credit-related changes to the
Seller's Contract Purchase Guidelines without the prior written consent of the
Note Purchaser (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld). The Seller
covenants to provide prompt written notice to the Note Purchaser upon any
material change made to the Seller's Contract Purchase Guidelines.

         (d) COOPERATION. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, Seller shall cooperate with and provide all information and access
requested by the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and/or the Noteholders in
connection with any actions taken pursuant to SECTION 5.4 of the Indenture.

SECTION 8.3. LIABILITY OF SELLER; INDEMNITIES. The Seller shall indemnify the
Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser
and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees for any liability
as a result of the failure of a Receivable to be originated in compliance with
all requirements of law and for any breach of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or other agreements contained herein.

         (a) The Seller shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the
Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser
and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees from and against
any and all costs, expenses, losses, damages, claims, and liabilities, arising
out of or resulting from the use, ownership, or operation by the Seller, any
Affiliate thereof or any of their respective agents or subcontractors, of a
Financed Vehicle.

         (b) The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Purchaser,
the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser and their
respective officers, directors, agents and employees from and against any taxes
that may at any time be asserted against any such Person with respect to the
transactions contemplated in this Agreement and any of the Basic Documents
(except any income taxes arising out of fees paid to the Trustee and the Backup
Servicer and except any taxes to which the Trustee may otherwise be subject),
including without limitation any sales, gross receipts, general corporation,
tangible personal property, privilege or license taxes (but, in the case of the
Purchaser, not including any taxes asserted with respect to federal or other
income taxes arising out of distributions on the Notes) and costs and expenses
in defending against the same.

         (c) The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Purchaser,
the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser and their
respective officers, directors, agents and employees from and against any loss,
liability or expense incurred by reason of (i) the Seller's willful misfeasance,
bad faith or negligence in the performance of its duties under this Agreement,
or by reason of reckless disregard of its obligations and duties under this
Agreement and/or (ii) the Seller's or the Purchaser's violation of federal or
State securities laws in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes


                                       33
<PAGE>

         (d) The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Trustee
and the Backup Servicer and its officers, directors, employees and agents from
and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages and liabilities
arising out of, or incurred in connection with the acceptance or performance of
the trusts and duties set forth herein and in the Basic Documents except to the
extent that such cost, expense, loss, claim, damage or liability shall be due to
the willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence (except for errors in judgment)
of the Trustee or the Backup Servicer.

         (e) The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Purchaser,
the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser and their
respective officers, directors, agents and employees from and against any and
all costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages and liabilities arising out of or
relating to the failure of a Receivable to be originated in compliance with all
requirements of law, including without limitation all Consumer Laws, and for any
breach of any of the Seller's representations and warranties, covenants or other
agreements contained herein (including, without limitation, the representations
contained in SECTION 3.1 hereof) or in any other Basic Document to which the
Seller is a party.

         Indemnification under this Section shall survive the resignation or
removal of the Servicer or the Trustee and the termination of this Agreement and
the other Basic Documents and shall include reasonable fees and expenses of
counsel and other expenses of litigation. These indemnity obligations shall be
in addition to any obligation that the Seller may otherwise have under
applicable law, hereunder or under any other Basic Document. If the Seller shall
have made any indemnity payments pursuant to this Section and the Person to or
on behalf of whom such payments are made thereafter shall collect any of such
amounts from others, such Person shall promptly repay such amounts to the
Seller, without interest.

         Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 8.3 or any other
provision of this Agreement, nothing herein shall be construed as to require the
Seller to provide any indemnification hereunder or under any other Basic
Document for any costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising
out of, or incurred in connection with, credit losses with respect to the
Receivables.

SECTION 8.4. MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION OF, OR ASSUMPTION OF THE OBLIGATIONS OF,
SELLER. Seller shall not merge or consolidate with any other person, convey,
transfer or lease substantially all its assets as an entirety to another Person,
or permit any other Person to become the successor to Seller's business unless,
after the merger, consolidation, conveyance, transfer, lease or succession, the
successor or surviving entity shall be capable of fulfilling the duties of
Seller contained in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it is
a party. Any corporation (i) into which Seller may be merged or consolidated,
(ii) resulting from any merger or consolidation to which Seller shall be a
party, (iii) which acquires by conveyance, transfer, or lease substantially all
of the assets of Seller, or (iv) succeeding to the business of Seller, in any of
the foregoing cases shall execute an agreement of assumption to perform every
obligation of Seller under this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which
it is a party and, whether or not such assumption agreement is executed, shall
be the successor to Seller under this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to
which it is a party without the execution or filing of any paper or any further
act on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement, anything in this
Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to release Seller from any obligation. Seller
shall provide notice of any merger, consolidation or succession pursuant to this
Section to the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Seller shall not merge or consolidate with any other Person or
permit any other Person to become a successor to Seller's business, unless (x)
immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no representation or
warranty made pursuant to SECTION 8.1 shall have been breached (for purposes
hereof, such representations and warranties shall be deemed made as of the date
of the consummation of such transaction) and no event that, after notice or
lapse of time, or both, would become an Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing, (y) Seller shall have delivered to the Trustee, the Note
Purchaser and the Noteholders an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel
each stating that such consolidation, merger or succession and such agreement of
assumption comply with this Section and that all conditions precedent, if any,
provided for in this Agreement relating to such transaction have been complied
with, and (z) Seller shall have delivered to the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and
the Noteholders an Opinion of Counsel, stating in the opinion of such counsel,
either (A) all financing statements and continuation statements and amendments
thereto have been authorized and filed that are necessary to preserve and
protect the interest of the Purchaser and the Trustee in the Opinion Collateral
and reciting the details of the filings or (B) no such action shall be necessary
to preserve and protect such interest.

SECTION 8.5. [RESERVED].

SECTION 8.6. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. (a) The Seller shall furnish, or cause to
be furnished to the Noteholders and Note Purchaser:

                  (i) AUDIT REPORT. As soon as available and in any event within
         90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Seller, a copy of the
         consolidated balance sheet of the Seller and its Affiliates as at the
         end of such fiscal year, together with the related statements of
         earnings, stockholders' equity and cash flows for such fiscal year,
         prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP certified by
         independent certified public accountants of recognized national
         standing as shall be selected by the Seller.

                  (ii) QUARTERLY STATEMENTS. As soon as available, but in any
         event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter (except the
         fourth fiscal quarter) of the Seller, copies of the unaudited condensed
         consolidated balance sheet of the Seller and its Affiliates as at the
         end of such fiscal quarter and the related unaudited statements of


                                       34
<PAGE>

         earnings, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the portion of the
         fiscal year through such fiscal quarter (and as to the statements of
         earnings for such fiscal quarter) in each case setting forth in
         comparative form the figures for the corresponding periods of the
         previous fiscal year, prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance
         with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein
         and certified by the chief financial or accounting officer of the
         Seller as presenting fairly the financial condition and results of
         operations of the Seller and its Affiliates (subject to normal year-end
         adjustments).

         (b) For so long as Seller is subject to the reporting requirements of
Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, its filing of the annual and quarterly
reports required under said act, on a timely basis, shall be deemed compliance
with this Section 8.6.

                                   ARTICLE IX
                                   ----------

                                  THE SERVICER
                                  ------------

SECTION 9.1. REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF SERVICER. The Servicer (and the
Backup Servicer, in the case of clause (j) below) makes the following
representations and covenants on which the Purchaser shall be deemed to have
relied in acquiring the Receivables, on which the Noteholders shall be deemed to
have relied in purchasing the Notes and on which the Note Purchaser shall be
deemed to have relied in making each Advance. The representations speak as of
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, in the
case of Receivables conveyed by the Closing Date, and as of the applicable
Funding Date, in the case of Receivables conveyed by such Funding Date, and the
representations and covenants shall survive the sale of the Receivables to the
Purchaser and the pledge thereof to the Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchaser pursuant to the Indenture.

         (a) ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING. The Servicer has been duly
organized and is validly existing as a corporation and in good standing under
the laws of the State of California, with power, authority and legal right to
own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently
owned and such business is presently conducted, and had at all relevant times,
and shall have, power, authority and legal right to acquire, own and service the
Receivables.

         (b) DUE QUALIFICATION. The Servicer is duly qualified to do business as
a foreign corporation in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses
and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property
or the conduct of its business (including the servicing of the Receivables as
required by this Agreement) requires or shall require such qualification except
where the failure to so qualify or obtain such licenses or consents would not
result in a Material Adverse Effect or a Material Adverse Change.

         (c) POWER AND AUTHORITY. The Servicer has the power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which it is a
party and to carry out its terms and their terms, respectively, and the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Basic Documents to
which it is a party have been duly authorized by the Servicer by all necessary
corporate action.


                                       35
<PAGE>

         (d) BINDING OBLIGATION. This Agreement and the Basic Documents to which
the Servicer is a party shall constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of
the Servicer enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or
other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and
by equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

         (e) NO VIOLATION. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which to the Servicer is a party, and
the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which
the Servicer is a party, shall not conflict with, result in any breach of any of
the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of
time) a default under, the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the Servicer,
or any indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to
which the Servicer is a party or by which it is bound or any of its properties
are subject, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its
properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement, mortgage,
deed of trust or other instrument, other than the Basic Documents, or violate
any law, order, rule or regulation applicable to the Servicer of any court or of
any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency or other
governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Servicer or any of its
properties.

         (f) NO PROCEEDINGS. There are no proceedings or investigations pending
or, to the Servicer's knowledge, threatened against the Servicer, before any
court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other tribunal or governmental
instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Servicer or its properties (A)
asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents, (B)
seeking to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents, or
(C) seeking any determination or ruling that might materially and adversely
affect the performance by the Servicer of its obligations under, or the validity
or enforceability of, this Agreement or any of the other Basic Documents or
otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect or result in a Material Adverse Change,
or (D) relating to the Servicer and which might adversely affect the federal or
state income, excise, franchise or similar tax attributes of the Notes.

         (g) NO CONSENTS. No consent, approval, authorization or order of or
declaration or filing with any governmental authority is required for the
issuance or sale of the Notes or the consummation of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, except such as have been duly made or obtained.

         (h) TAXES. The Servicer has filed all federal and state tax returns
that are required to be filed and paid all taxes, including any assessments
received by it, to the extent that such taxes have become due (other than taxes,
the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with
GAAP have been provided on the books of the Servicer). Any taxes, fees and other
governmental charges payable by the Servicer in connection with consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to
which the Servicer is a party and the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement
and the other Basic Documents to which the Servicer is a party have been paid or
shall have been paid as of each Funding Date.

         (i) CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE. The Servicer hereby represents and warrants
to the Trustee that the Servicer's principal place of business and chief
executive office is 16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine, California 92618.

         (j) DATA MAPPING. Neither the Servicer nor the Backup Servicer is aware
of any fact that would cause such Person reasonably to believe that the
Servicer's servicing data cannot be mapped from the Servicer's system to the
Backup Servicer's system.

         (k) CHANGES TO SERVICING GUIDELINES. The Servicer covenants that it
will not make any material changes to the Servicing Guidelines prior to the
Termination Date without the prior written consent of the Note Purchaser (which
consent shall not unreasonably be withheld).

         (l) COOPERATION. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, Servicer shall cooperate with and provide all information and access
reasonably requested by the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders in
connection with any actions taken pursuant to SECTION 5.4 of the Indenture.

SECTION 9.2. LIABILITY OF SERVICER; INDEMNITIES.

         (a) The Servicer (in its capacity as such) shall be liable hereunder
only to the extent of the obligations in this Agreement specifically undertaken
by the Servicer and the representations made by the Servicer in the Basic
Documents to which it is a party.


                                       36
<PAGE>

                  (i) The Servicer shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the
         Purchaser, the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the Noteholders, the Note
         Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and
         employees from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses,
         damages, claims and liabilities, arising out of or resulting from the
         use, ownership, repossession or operation by the Servicer or any
         Affiliate or agent or sub-contractor thereof of any Financed Vehicle.

                  (ii) The Servicer, so long as CPS is the Servicer, shall
         indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Purchaser, the Trustee, the
         Backup Servicer, the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser and their
         respective officers, directors, agents and employees from and against
         any taxes that may at any time be asserted against any of such parties
         with respect to the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and the
         other Basic Documents, including, without limitation, any sales, gross
         receipts, general corporation, tangible personal property, privilege or
         license taxes (but not including any federal or other income taxes,
         including franchise taxes asserted with respect to, and as of the date
         of, the sale of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to the
         Purchaser, the pledge thereof to the Trustee for the benefit of the
         Note Purchaser and the Noteholders or the issuance and original sale of
         the Notes) and costs and expenses in defending against the same.

                  (iii) The Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless
         the Purchaser, the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the Noteholders, the
         Note Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and
         employees from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, claims,
         damages, and liabilities to the extent that such cost, expense, loss,
         claim, damage, or liability arose out of, or was imposed upon the
         Purchaser, the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the Noteholders or the
         Note Purchaser through the negligence, willful misfeasance or bad faith
         of the Servicer in the performance of its duties under this Agreement
         or by reason of reckless disregard of its obligations and duties under
         this Agreement or as a result of a breach of any representation,
         warranty, covenant or other agreement made by the Servicer in this
         Agreement or in any other Basic Document to which it is a party.

                  (iv) The Servicer shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
         the Trustee and the Backup Servicer from and against all costs,
         expenses, losses, claims, damages, and liabilities arising out of or
         incurred in connection with the acceptance or performance of the trusts
         and duties herein contained, except to the extent that such cost,
         expense, loss, claim, damage or liability: (A) shall be due to the
         willful misfeasance, bad faith, or negligence (except for errors in
         judgment) of the Trustee or the Backup Servicer, as applicable or (B)
         relates to any tax other than the taxes with respect to which the
         Servicer shall be required to indemnify the Trustee or the Backup
         Servicer.

                  (v) The Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the
         Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Note
         Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and
         employees from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, claims,
         damages and liabilities arising out of or relating to the failure of a
         Receivable to be serviced in compliance with all requirements of law,
         including without limitation all Consumer Laws, and for any breach of
         any of the Servicer's representations and warranties, covenants or
         other agreements contained herein or in any other Basic Document to
         which the Servicer is a party.

         (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Servicer shall not be obligated
to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless any Noteholder or the Note Purchaser for
any losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred by such Noteholder or the
Note Purchaser arising out of claims, complaints, actions and allegations
relating to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code as a result of the
purchase or holding of any Note by such Noteholder or the Note Purchaser with
the assets of a plan subject to such provisions of ERISA or the Code.

         (c) For purposes of this SECTION 9.2, in the event of the termination
of the rights and obligations of the Servicer (or any successor thereto pursuant
to SECTION 9.3) as Servicer pursuant to SECTION 10.1, or a resignation by such
Servicer pursuant to this Agreement, such Servicer shall be deemed to be the
Servicer pending appointment of a successor Servicer pursuant to SECTION 10.2.
The provisions of this SECTION 9.2(C) shall in no way affect the survival
pursuant to SECTION 9.2(D) of the indemnification by the Servicer provided by
SECTION 9.2(A).

                                       37
<PAGE>

         (d) Indemnification under this SECTION 9.2 shall survive the
termination of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents and any resignation
or removal of CPS or any successor Servicer as Servicer and shall include
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and expenses of litigation. These
indemnity obligations shall be in addition to any obligation that the Servicer
may otherwise have under applicable law, hereunder or under any other Basic
Document. If the Servicer shall have made any indemnity payments pursuant to
this Section and the recipient thereafter collects any of such amounts from
others, the recipient shall promptly repay such amounts to the Servicer, without
interest.

SECTION 9.3. MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION OF, OR ASSUMPTION OF THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE
SERVICER OR BACKUP SERVICER.

         (a) The Servicer shall not merge or consolidate with any other Person,
convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its assets as an entirety
to another Person, or permit any other Person to become the successor to the
Servicer's business unless, after the merger, consolidation, conveyance,
transfer, lease or succession, the successor or surviving entity shall be
capable of fulfilling the duties of the Servicer contained in this Agreement and
the other Basic Documents to which it is a party. Any corporation (i) into which
the Servicer may be merged or consolidated, (ii) resulting from any merger or
consolidation to which the Servicer shall be a party, (iii) which acquires by
conveyance, transfer, or lease substantially all of the assets of the Servicer,
or (iv) succeeding to the business of the Servicer, in any of the foregoing
cases shall execute an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of
the Servicer under this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it is a
party and, whether or not such assumption agreement is executed, shall be the
successor to the Servicer under this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to
which it is a party without the execution or filing of any paper or any further
act on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement, anything in this
Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that nothing
contained herein shall be -- - deemed to release the Servicer from any
obligation. The Servicer shall provide notice of any merger, consolidation or
succession pursuant to this Section to the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the
Noteholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Servicer shall not merge or
consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to become a
successor to the Servicer's business, unless (x) immediately after giving effect
to such transaction, no representation or warranty made pursuant to SECTION 9.1
shall have been breached (for purposes hereof, such representations and
warranties shall be -- deemed made as of the date of the consummation of such
transaction) and no event that, after notice or lapse of time, or both, would
become Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (y) the Servicer
shall have delivered to the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders an
Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such
consolidation, merger or succession and such agreement of assumption comply with
this Section and that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this
Agreement relating to such transaction have been complied with, and (z) the
Servicer shall have delivered to the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the
Noteholders an Opinion of Counsel, stating in the opinion of such counsel,
either (A) all financing statements and continuation statements and amendments
thereto have been executed and filed that are necessary to preserve and protect
the interest of the Purchaser and the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders
and the Note Purchaser in the Opinion Collateral and reciting the details of the
filings or (B) no such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such
interest.

         (b) Any Person (i) into which the Backup Servicer (in its capacity as
Backup Servicer or successor Servicer) may be merged or consolidated, (ii)
resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Backup Servicer shall be
a party, (iii) which acquires by conveyance, transfer or lease substantially all
of the assets of the Backup Servicer, or (iv) succeeding to the business of the
Backup Servicer, in any of the foregoing cases shall execute an agreement of
assumption to perform every obligation of the Backup Servicer under this
Agreement and, whether or not such assumption agreement is executed, shall be
the successor to the Backup Servicer under this Agreement without the execution
or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties to
this Agreement, anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that nothing contained herein shall be deemed to release the
Backup Servicer from any obligation.


                                       38
<PAGE>

SECTION 9.4. [RESERVED]

SECTION 9.5. DELEGATION OF DUTIES. The Servicer may at any time delegate duties
under this Agreement to sub-contractors who are in the business of servicing
automotive receivables with the prior written consent of the Note Purchaser
(which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no
such delegation or subcontracting of duties by the Servicer shall relieve the
Servicer of its responsibility with respect to such duties.

SECTION 9.6. SERVICER AND BACKUP SERVICER NOT TO RESIGN. Subject to the
provisions of SECTION 9.3, neither the Servicer nor the Backup Servicer shall
resign from the obligations and duties imposed on it by this Agreement as
Servicer or Backup Servicer except (i) upon a determination that by reason of a
change in legal requirements the performance of its duties under this Agreement
would cause it to be in violation of such legal requirements in a manner which
would have a material adverse effect on the Servicer or the Backup Servicer, as
the case may be, and the Note Purchaser does not elect to waive the obligations
of the Servicer or the Backup Servicer, as the case may be, to perform the
duties which render it legally unable to act or to delegate those duties to
another Person or, (ii) in the case of the Backup Servicer, upon the prior
written consent of the Note Purchaser. Any such determination permitting the
resignation of the Servicer or Backup Servicer pursuant to clause (i) in the
immediately preceding sentence shall be evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel to
such effect delivered and acceptable to the Trustee and the Note Purchaser. No
resignation of the Servicer shall become effective until the Backup Servicer or
an entity acceptable to the Note Purchaser shall have assumed the
responsibilities and obligations of the Servicer. No resignation of the Backup
Servicer shall become effective until an entity acceptable to the Note Purchaser
shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the Backup Servicer;
provided, however, that in the event a successor Backup Servicer is not
appointed within 60 days after the Backup Servicer has given notice of its
resignation and has provided the Opinion of Counsel required by this SECTION
9.6, the Backup Servicer may petition a court for its removal.

                                   ARTICLE X
                                   ---------

                                     DEFAULT
                                     -------

SECTION 10.1. SERVICER TERMINATION EVENTS. For purposes of this Agreement, each
of the following shall constitute a "SERVICER TERMINATION EVENT":

         (a) Any failure by the Servicer to deliver or cause to be delivered any
proceeds or payment required to be so delivered under this Agreement or any
other Basic Document within one (1) Business Day of the date when the same
becomes due;

         (b) Failure by the Servicer to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to
the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser, the Trustee and the Backup Servicer, any
Servicer's Certificate by the Determination Date prior to the related Settlement
Date, which failure continues unremedied for a period of two (2) Business Days;

         (c) Failure by the Servicer to perform or observe in any material
respect any term, covenant, or agreement under this Agreement or any other Basic
Document (other than any term, covenant or agreement referred to in another
subparagraph of this SECTION 10.1), which failure materially and adversely
affects the rights of the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders and is not cured
within 30 calendar days after written notice is received by the Servicer from
the Trustee, the Note Purchaser or a Noteholder or after discovery of such
failure by a Responsible Officer of the Servicer;

         (d) Any representation, warranty or statement of the Servicer made in
this Agreement or any other Basic Document to which it is a party or any
certificate, report or other writing delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall
prove to be incorrect in any material respect as of the time when the same shall
have been made, and such incorrectness materially and adversely affects the
rights of the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders and is not cured within 30
calendar days after written notice is received by the Servicer from the Trustee,
the Note Purchaser or a Noteholder or after discovery of such failure by a
Responsible Officer of the Servicer;


                                       39
<PAGE>

         (e) An application is made by the Servicer for the appointment of a
receiver, trustee or custodian for the Collateral or any other material assets
of Purchaser or the Servicer; a petition under any section or chapter of the
Bankruptcy Code or federal or State law or regulation shall be filed by the
Servicer, or the Servicer shall make an assignment for the benefit of its
creditors, or any case or proceeding shall be filed by the Servicer for its
dissolution, liquidation, or termination; or the Servicer ceases to conduct its
business;

         (f) The Servicer is enjoined, restrained or prevented by court order
from conducting all or any material part of its business affairs, or a petition
under any section or chapter of the Bankruptcy Code or any similar federal or
State law or regulation is filed against the Servicer, or any case or proceeding
is filed against the Servicer, for its dissolution or liquidation, and such
injunction, restraint, petition, case or proceeding is not dismissed within
sixty (60) days after the entry of filing thereof;

         (g) An Event of Default shall have occurred (so long as CPS is
Servicer);

         (h) The occurrence of any of the following trigger events: (i) the
three-month rolling average Servicer Delinquency Ratio exceeds (A) 6.00% during
the Accrual Periods from April to September or (B) 6.50% during the Accrual
Periods from October to March; or (ii) the Servicer Loss Ratio exceeds (A) 7.50%
during the Accrual Periods from May to October or (B) 8.25% during the Accrual
Periods from November to April;

         (i) The Servicer fails to maintain minimum Consolidated Total Adjusted
Equity of $60,000,000 as of the end of any fiscal quarter;

         (j) The Servicer exceeds a maximum leverage ratio (total liabilities
less all non-recourse debt/Consolidated Total Adjusted Equity) of six times as
of the end of any fiscal quarter; and

         (k) The Servicer fails to maintain cash and cash equivalents of at
least $8.5 million as of the end of any calendar month.

         In the event that the Servicer, Purchaser or Trustee gains knowledge of
the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, the Servicer, Purchaser or
Trustee, as applicable, shall promptly notify the Note Purchaser and the
Noteholders in writing of such occurrence; PROVIDED, THAT, the Servicer shall be
deemed to satisfy such obligation upon its delivery of an Officer's Certificate
in accordance with SECTION 4.10 hereof.

SECTION 10.2. CONSEQUENCES OF A SERVICER TERMINATION EVENT OR NON-EXTENSION OF
TERM OF SERVICER. If a Servicer Termination Event shall occur and be continuing,
the Majority Noteholders or the Note Purchaser by notice given in writing to the
Backup Servicer and the Servicer may terminate all of the rights and obligations
of the Servicer under this Agreement. The outgoing Servicer shall be entitled to
its pro rata share of the Servicing Fee for the number of days in the Accrual
Period prior to the effective date of its termination. On or after the receipt
by the Servicer of such written notice or upon non-extension of the servicing
term as referred to in SECTION 4.15, all authority, power, obligations and
responsibilities of the Servicer under this Agreement, whether with respect to
the Notes or the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property or otherwise,
automatically shall pass to, be vested in and become obligations and
responsibilities of the Backup Servicer (or such other successor Servicer
appointed by the Majority Noteholders and the Note Purchaser under SECTION
10.3); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the successor Servicer shall have no liability
with respect to any obligation which was required to be performed by the
outgoing Servicer prior to the date that the successor Servicer becomes the
Servicer or any claim of a third party based on any alleged action or inaction
of the outgoing Servicer. The successor Servicer is authorized and empowered by
this Agreement to execute and deliver, on behalf of the outgoing Servicer, as
attorney-in-fact or otherwise, any and all documents and other instruments and
to do or accomplish all other acts or things necessary or appropriate to effect
the purposes of such notice of termination, whether to complete the transfer and
endorsement of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property and related
documents to show the Purchaser as lienholder or secured party on the related
Lien Certificates, or otherwise. The outgoing Servicer agrees to cooperate with


                                       40
<PAGE>

the successor Servicer in effecting the termination of the responsibilities and
rights of the outgoing Servicer under this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the transfer to the successor Servicer for administration by it of
all cash amounts that shall at the time be held by the outgoing Servicer for
deposit, or have been deposited by the outgoing Servicer, in the Collection
Account or thereafter received with respect to the Receivables and the delivery
to the successor Servicer of all Receivable Files that shall at the time be held
by the outgoing Servicer and a computer tape in readable form as of the most
recent Business Day containing all information necessary to enable the successor
Servicer to service the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property. All
reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred in
connection with transferring any Receivable Files to the successor Servicer and
amending this Agreement to reflect such succession as Servicer pursuant to this
SECTION 10.2 shall be paid by the predecessor Servicer upon presentation of
reasonable documentation of such costs and expenses. In addition, any successor
Servicer shall be entitled to payment from the immediate predecessor Servicer
for reasonable transition expenses incurred in connection with acting as
successor Servicer, and to the extent not so paid, such payment shall be made
pursuant to SECTION 5.7 hereof. Upon receipt of notice of the occurrence of a
Servicer Termination Event or the non-extension of the Servicer's term, the
Trustee shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser. If
requested by the Majority Noteholders or the Note Purchaser, the successor
Servicer shall terminate the Lockbox Agreement and direct the Obligors to make
all payments under the Receivables directly to the successor Servicer (in which
event the successor Servicer shall process such payments in accordance with
SECTION 4.2(E)), or to a lockbox established by the successor Servicer at the
direction of the Note Purchaser, at the successor Servicer's expense. The
outgoing Servicer shall grant the Trustee, the successor Servicer, the Note
Purchaser and the Noteholders reasonable access to the outgoing Servicer's
premises at the outgoing Servicer's expense.

SECTION 10.3. APPOINTMENT OF SUCCESSOR.


         (a) On and after the time the Servicer receives a notice of termination
pursuant to SECTION 10.2, upon non-extension of the servicing term as referred
to in SECTION 4.15, or upon the resignation of the Servicer pursuant to SECTION
9.6, the outgoing Servicer shall continue to perform its functions as Servicer
under this Agreement, in the case of termination, only until the date specified
in such termination notice or, if no such date is specified in a notice of
termination, until receipt of such notice and, in the case of expiration and
non-renewal of the term of the Servicer upon the expiration of such term, and,
in the case of resignation, until (i) the later of (x) the date 45 days from the
delivery to the Trustee of written notice of such resignation (or written
confirmation of such notice) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and
(y) the date upon which the predecessor Servicer shall become unable to act as
Servicer, as specified in the notice of resignation and accompanying Opinion of
Counsel or (ii) such time as a successor Servicer shall assume all of the rights
and obligations of the predecessor Servicer hereunder and under any other Basic
Document; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the outgoing Servicer shall not be relieved of
its duties, obligations and liabilities as Servicer until a successor Servicer
has assumed such duties, obligations and liabilities. Notwithstanding the
preceding sentence, if the Backup Servicer or any other successor Servicer shall
not have assumed the duties, obligations and liabilities of the Servicer within
45 days of the termination, non-extension or resignation described in this
SECTION 10.3, the outgoing Servicer may petition a court of competent
jurisdiction to appoint any Eligible Servicer as the successor to the outgoing
Servicer. Pending appointment as successor Servicer, the Backup Servicer (or
such other Person as shall have been appointed by the Majority Noteholders or
the Note Purchaser) shall act as successor Servicer unless it is legally unable
to do so, in which event the outgoing Servicer shall continue to act as Servicer
until a successor has been appointed and accepted such appointment. In the event
of termination of the Servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the
Backup Servicer shall assume the obligations of Servicer hereunder on the date
(the "ASSUMPTION DATE") specified in the written notice delivered by the Trustee
to the Backup Servicer and the Servicer pursuant to SECTION 10.2 or, in the
event that the Majority Noteholders or the Note Purchaser shall have determined
that a Person other than the Backup Servicer shall be the successor Servicer in
accordance with SECTION 10.2, on the date of the execution of a written
assumption agreement by such Person to serve as successor Servicer.
Notwithstanding the Backup Servicer's assumption of, and its agreement to
perform and observe, all duties, responsibilities and obligations of the Seller
as Servicer, or any successor Servicer, under this Agreement arising on and
after the Assumption Date, the Backup Servicer shall not be deemed to have
assumed or to become liable for, or otherwise have any liability for any duties,
responsibilities, obligations or liabilities of the Seller or any other Servicer
arising on or before the Assumption Date, whether provided for by the terms of
this Agreement, arising by operation of law or otherwise, including, without
limitation, any liability for any duties, responsibilities, obligations or
liabilities of the Seller or any other Servicer arising on or before the
Assumption Date under SECTION 4.7 or 9.2 of this Agreement, regardless of when


                                       41
<PAGE>

the liability, duty, responsibility or obligation of the Seller or any other
Servicer therefor arose, whether provided by the terms of this Agreement,
arising by operation of law or otherwise. Notwithstanding the above, if the
Backup Servicer shall be legally unable or unwilling to act as Servicer, the
Backup Servicer, the Trustee, the Majority Noteholders or the Note Purchaser may
petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint any Eligible Servicer as
the successor to the outgoing Servicer. Pending appointment pursuant to the
preceding sentence, the Backup Servicer shall act as successor Servicer unless
it is legally unable to do so, in which event the outgoing Servicer shall
continue to act as Servicer until a successor has been appointed and accepted
such appointment. Subject to SECTION 9.6, no provision of this Agreement shall
be construed as relieving the Backup Servicer of its obligation to succeed as
successor Servicer upon the termination of the Servicer pursuant to SECTION
10.2, the non-extension of the Servicer's term pursuant to SECTION 4.15 or the
resignation of the Servicer pursuant to SECTION 9.6. If upon the termination of
the Servicer pursuant to SECTION 10.2, the non-extension of the Servicer's term
pursuant to SECTION 4.15 or the resignation of the Servicer pursuant to SECTION
9.6, the Majority Noteholders and the Note Purchaser appoint a successor
Servicer other than the Backup Servicer, the Backup Servicer shall not be
relieved of its duties as Backup Servicer hereunder.

         (b) Any successor Servicer shall be entitled to such compensation
(whether payable out of the Collection Account or otherwise) as the outgoing
Servicer would have been entitled to under this Agreement if the outgoing
Servicer had not resigned or been terminated hereunder or had been renewed for
an additional servicing term hereunder.

SECTION 10.4. NOTIFICATION TO THE NOTEHOLDERS AND NOTE PURCHASERS. Upon any
termination of, or appointment of a successor to, the Servicer, the Trustee
shall give prompt written notice thereof to the Noteholders and the Note
Purchaser.

SECTION 10.5. WAIVER OF PAST DEFAUlTS. The Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders may waive in writing any default by the Servicer in the performance
of its obligations under this Agreement and the consequences thereof. Upon any
such waiver of a past default, such default shall cease to exist, and any
Servicer Termination Event arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been
remedied for every purpose of this Agreement. No such waiver shall extend to any
subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereto.

SECTION 10.6. ACTION UPON CERTAIN FAILURES OF THE SERVICER. In the event that
the Trustee shall have knowledge of any failure of the Servicer specified in
SECTION 10.1 that would give rise to a right of termination under such Section
upon the Servicer's failure to remedy the same after notice, the Trustee shall
give notice thereof to the Servicer, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders. For
all purposes of this Agreement (including, without limitation, this SECTION
10.6), the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any failure of the
Servicer as specified in SECTIONS 10.1(C) through (H) unless notified thereof in
writing by the Servicer, the Note Purchaser or a Noteholder. The Trustee shall
be under no duty or obligation to investigate or inquire as to any potential
failure of the Servicer specified in SECTION 10.1.

SECTION 10.7. CONTINUED ERRORS. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the
contrary, if the Backup Servicer becomes successor Servicer it is authorized to
accept and rely on all of the accounting, records (including computer records)
and work of the prior Servicer relating to the Receivables (collectively, the
"PREDECESSOR SERVICER WORK PRODUCT") without any audit or other examination
thereof, and the Backup Servicer as successor Servicer shall have no duty,
responsibility, obligation or liability for the acts and omissions of the prior
Servicer. If any error, inaccuracy, omission or incorrect or non-standard
practice or procedure (collectively, "ERRORS") exist in any Predecessor Servicer
Work Product and such Errors make it materially more difficult to service or
should cause or materially contribute to the Backup Servicer as successor
Servicer making or continuing any Errors (collectively, "CONTINUED ERRORS"), the
Backup Servicer as successor Servicer shall have no duty or responsibility for
such Continued Errors; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Backup Servicer as successor
Servicer agrees to use its best efforts to prevent further Continued Errors. In
the event that the Backup Servicer as successor Servicer becomes aware of Errors
or Continued Errors, the Backup Servicer as successor Servicer shall, with the
prior consent of the Note Purchaser use its best efforts to reconstruct and
reconcile such data as is commercially reasonable to correct such Errors and
Continued Errors and to prevent future Continued Errors. The Backup Servicer as
successor Servicer shall be entitled to recover its costs thereby expended in
accordance with SECTIONS 5.7(A)(I) and 5.7(A)(VI) hereof.


                                       42
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE XI
                                   ----------

                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
                            ------------------------

SECTION 11.1. AMENDMENT.

         (a) This Agreement may not be waived, amended or otherwise modified
except in a writing signed by the parties hereto, the Note Purchaser and the
Majority Noteholders; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that, no such amendment shall, without
the prior written consent of the Note Purchaser and all of the Noteholders, (i)
modify or have the effect of modifying Sections 5.7 or 5.8 or this SECTION 11.1
or (ii) eliminate or materially alter any party's delivery or notice obligations
to the Noteholders; PROVIDED, FURTHER, that no increase in the Minimum Placement
Fee in accordance with the definition thereof shall constitute a modification of
SECTION 5.8.

         (b) Prior to the execution of any amendment, waiver or consent to this
Agreement the Trustee shall be entitled to receive and rely upon an Opinion of
Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment, waiver or consent is
authorized or permitted by this Agreement and the Opinion of Counsel referred to
in SECTION 11.2(I)(I).

         (c) The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such
amendment, waiver or consent which affects the Trustee's own rights, duties or
immunities under this Agreement or otherwise.

         (d) Upon the termination of CPS as Servicer and the appointment of the
Backup Servicer as Servicer hereunder, all amendments to the terms of this
Agreement specified in the Servicing Assumption Agreement shall become a part of
this Agreement, as if this Agreement was amended to reflect such changes in
accordance with this SECTION 11.1.

SECTION 11.2. PROTECTION OF TITLE TO PROPERTY.

         (a) The Seller, the Purchaser or the Servicer or each of them shall
authorize, execute (if necessary) and file such financing statements and cause
to be authorized, executed (if necessary) and filed such continuation
statements, all in such manner and in such places and take such other action as
may be required by law fully to preserve, maintain and protect the interest of
the Purchaser and the interests of the Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchaser in the Collateral and in the proceeds
thereof. The Seller shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Noteholders,
the Note Purchaser and the Trustee file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts
for, any document filed as provided above, as soon as available following such
filing.

         (b) None of the Seller, the Purchaser or the Servicer shall change its
name, identity, jurisdiction of organization, form of organization or corporate
structure in any manner that would, could or might make any financing statement
or continuation statement filed in accordance with PARAGRAPH (A) above -
seriously misleading within the meaning of Section 9-506(a) of the UCC, unless
it shall have given the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser and the Trustee at least
thirty (30) days' prior written notice thereof and shall have promptly filed
appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing statements or
continuation statements. Promptly upon such filing, the Purchaser, the Seller or
the Servicer, as the case may be, shall deliver an Opinion of Counsel to the
Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders, in a form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Note Purchaser, stating either (A) all financing
statements and continuation statements have been authorized, executed and filed
that are necessary fully to preserve and protect the interest of the Purchaser
and the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser in the
Collateral, and reciting the details of such filings or referring to prior
Opinions of Counsel in which such details are given, or (B) no such action shall
be necessary to preserve and protect such interest.


                                       43
<PAGE>

         (c) Each of the Seller, the Purchaser and the Servicer shall have an
obligation to give the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser and the Trustee at least
60 days' prior written notice of any relocation of its chief executive office or
a change in its corporate structure, jurisdiction of organization or name and
shall file amendments, continuation statements and new financing statements if,
as a result of such relocation or change, the applicable provisions of the UCC
would require the filing of any amendment of any previously filed financing or
continuation statement or of any new financing statement to fully preserve and
protect the interest of the Purchaser and the Trustee on behalf of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchaser in the Collateral. The Servicer shall at all
times be organized under the laws of the United States (or any State thereof)
and maintain its chief executive office and jurisdiction of organization, within
the United States of America.

         (d) The Servicer shall maintain accounts and records as to each
Receivable accurately and in sufficient detail to permit (i) the reader thereof
to know at any time the status of such Receivable, including payments and
recoveries made and payments owing (and the nature of each) and (ii)
reconciliation between payments or recoveries on (or with respect to) each
Receivable and the amounts from time to time deposited in the Collection Account
in respect of such Receivable.

         (e) The Servicer shall maintain its computer systems so that, from and
after the time of sale under this Agreement of the Receivables and the Other
Conveyed Property to the Purchaser, the Servicer's master computer records
(including any backup archives) that refer to a Receivable shall indicate
clearly the interest of the Purchaser in such Receivable and that such
Receivable is owned by the Purchaser and pledged to the Trustee. Indication of
the Purchaser's and the Trustee's interest in a Receivable shall be deleted from
or modified on the Servicer's computer systems when, and only when, the related
Receivable shall have been paid in full or repurchased.

         (f) If at any time the Seller or the Servicer shall propose to sell,
grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any interest in automotive
receivables to any prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee, the
Servicer shall give to such prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee
computer tapes, records or printouts (including any restored from backup
archives) that, if they shall refer in any manner whatsoever to any Receivable,
shall indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold and is owned by the
Purchaser and pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the
Note Purchaser.

         (g) The Servicer shall permit the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the
Note Purchaser and the Noteholders and their respective agents upon reasonable
notice and at any time during normal business hours to inspect, audit, and make
copies of and abstracts from the Servicer's records regarding any Receivable.

         (h) Upon request, the Servicer shall furnish to any Noteholder, the
Note Purchaser or to the Trustee, within five Business Days, a list of all
Receivables (by contract number and name of Obligor) then pledged to the
Trustee, together with a reconciliation of such list to the Schedule of
Receivables and to each of the Servicer's Certificates furnished before such
request indicating removal of Receivables from the lien of the Indenture.

         (i) The Servicer shall deliver to the Note Purchaser, the Noteholders
and the Trustee:

                  (i) promptly after the execution and delivery of this
         Agreement and, if required pursuant to SECTION 11.1, of each amendment,
         waiver, or consent, an Opinion of Counsel, in form and substance
         satisfactory to the Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders,
         stating that in the opinion of such counsel, either (A) all financing
         statements and continuation statements have been authorized, executed
         and filed that are necessary fully to preserve and protect the interest
         of the Purchaser and the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and
         the Note Purchaser in the Receivables and the Opinion Collateral, and
         reciting the details of such filings or referring to a prior Opinion of
         Counsel in which such details are given, or (B) no such action shall be
         necessary to preserve and protect such interest; and

                  (ii) within 90 days after the beginning of each calendar year
         beginning with the first calendar year beginning more than three months
         after the Closing Date, an Opinion of Counsel, dated as of a date
         during such 90-day period, stating that, the opinion of such counsel,


                                       44
<PAGE>

         either (a) all financing statements and continuation statement have
         been authorized, executed and filed that are necessary fully to
         preserve and protect the interest of the Purchaser and the Trustee for
         the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser in the
         Receivables and the Opinion Collateral, and reciting the details of
         such filings or referring to prior Opinions of Counsel in which such
         details are given, or (b) no such action shall be necessary to preserve
         and protect such interest.

         Each Opinion of Counsel referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above shall
specify any action necessary (as of the date of such opinion) to be taken in the
following year to preserve and protect such interest.

         Subject to SECTION 4.5, the Seller hereby authorizes the Note
Purchaser, the Trustee and their respective agents to file such financing
statements and continuation statements and take such other actions as the Note
Purchaser or the Trustee may deem advisable in connection with the security
interest granted by the Seller pursuant to SECTION 2.2 to the extent permitted
by applicable law. Any such financing statements and continuation statements
shall be prepared by the Issuer or the Note Purchaser.

SECTION 11.3. NOTICES. All demands, notices and communications upon or to the
Seller, the Backup Servicer, the Servicer, the Purchaser, the Trustee, the
Backup Servicer, the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders under this Agreement
shall be in writing, via facsimile, personally delivered, or mailed by certified
mail, return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon
receipt (a) in the case of the Seller, to Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc.,
16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine, CA 92618, Attention: Chief Financial Officer,
Telecopy: (888) 577-7923; (b) in the case of the Servicer, to Consumer Portfolio
Services, Inc., 16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine, CA 92618, Attention: Chief
Financial Officer, Telecopy: (888) 577-7923; (c) in the case of the Purchaser,
to Page Three Funding LLC, 16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine, CA 92618,
Attention: Chief Financial Officer, Telecopy: (888) 577-7923; (d) in the case of
the Trustee or the Backup Servicer at the Corporate Trust Office; and (e) in the
case of the initial Noteholder and the Note Purchaser, to Bear, Stearns & Co.
Inc., as agent for Bear, Stearns International Limited, 383 Madison Ave., 10th
Floor, New York, New York, 10179; Attn: Clark MacKenzie; Telephone:
212-272-4076, Telecopy: 917-849-1151; with a copy to Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.,
as agent for Bear, Stearns International Limited, 383 Madison Ave., 10th Floor,
New York, New York, 10179; Attn: Michael Solender; Telephone: 212-272-7850,
Telecopy: 917-849-1072; and (e) in the case of any subsequent Noteholders, at
the address reflected on the Note Register. The Note Purchaser may deliver to
the Noteholders any notices, reports, Servicer's Certificates or any other
documentation delivered to the Note Purchaser hereunder or under any other Basic
Document, but is under no obligation to so deliver such documentation and shall
not be liable for the content thereof. Any notice so mailed within the time
prescribed in this Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly
given, whether or not the Noteholders or Note Purchaser shall receive such
notice.

SECTION 11.4. ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, except as
provided in SECTIONS 8.4, 9.3 and this SECTION 11.4 and as provided in the
provisions of this Agreement concerning the resignation of the Servicer, this
Agreement may not be assigned by the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer
without the prior written consent of the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders; PROVIDED THAT the Purchaser will grant
all of its right, title and interest herein to the Trustee for the benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser.

SECTION 11.5. LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS OF OTHERS. The provisions of this Agreement
are solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and for the benefit of the Note
Purchaser, as a third-party beneficiary. Nothing in this Agreement, whether
express or implied, shall be construed to give to any other Person any legal or
equitable right, remedy or claim in the Collateral or under or in respect of
this Agreement or any covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein.

SECTION 11.6. SEVERABILITY. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.


                                       45
<PAGE>

SECTION 11.7. SEPARATE COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed by the
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and
delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument. Any signature page to this Agreement
containing a manual signature may be delivered by facsimile transmission or
other electronic communication device capable of transmitting or creating a
printable written record, and when so delivered shall have the effect of
delivery of an original manually signed signature page.

SECTION 11.8. HEADINGS. The headings of the various Articles and Sections herein
are for convenience of reference only and shall not define or limit any of the
terms or provisions hereof.

SECTION 11.9. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW
PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE
OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

SECTION 11.10. ASSIGNMENT TO TRUSTEE. The Seller hereby acknowledges and
consents to any mortgage, pledge, assignment and grant of a security interest by
the Purchaser to the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchaser of all right, title and interest of the
Purchaser in, to and under the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property and/or
the assignment of any or all of the Purchaser's rights and obligations hereunder
to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser.

SECTION 11.11. NONPETITION COVENANTS. Notwithstanding any prior termination of
this Agreement, the Servicer and the Seller shall not, prior to the date which
is one year and one day after the day upon which the outstanding principal
amount of the Notes has been reduced to zero and all Secured Obligations have
been paid in full, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the
Purchaser to invoke the process of any court or government authority for the
purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Purchaser under any
federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver,
liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official
of the Purchaser or any substantial part of its property, or ordering the
winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Purchaser.

SECTION 11.12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF TRUSTEE. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary, this Agreement has been executed and delivered
by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, not in its individual capacity but
solely as Trustee and Backup Servicer and in no event shall Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, have any liability for the representations, warranties,
covenants, agreements or other obligations of the Purchaser hereunder or in any
of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered pursuant hereto, as to all
of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Purchaser.

SECTION 11.13. INDEPENDENCE OF THE SERVICER. For all purposes of this Agreement,
the Servicer shall be an independent contractor and shall not be subject to the
supervision of the Purchaser, the Trustee and Backup Servicer with respect to
the manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its obligations
hereunder. Unless expressly authorized by this Agreement, the Servicer shall
have no authority to act for or represent the Purchaser in any way and shall not
otherwise be deemed an agent of the Purchaser.

SECTION 11.14. NO JOINT VENTURE. Nothing contained in this Agreement (i) shall
constitute the Servicer and the Purchaser as members of any partnership, joint
venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated business or other separate
entity, (ii) shall be construed to impose any liability as such on any of them
or (iii) shall be deemed to confer on any of them any express, implied or
apparent authority to incur any obligation or liability on behalf of the others.

SECTION 11.15. SPECIAL SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT. If any party to this Agreement is
unable to sign any amendment or supplement due to its dissolution, winding up or
comparable circumstances, then the consent of the Majority Noteholders and the
Note Purchaser shall be sufficient to amend this Agreement without such party's
signature.


                                       46
<PAGE>

SECTION 11.16. FULL RECOURSE TO THE ISSUER AND THE PURCHASER. The obligations of
the Issuer and the Purchaser under this Agreement and the other Basic Documents
to which it is a party shall be full recourse obligations of the Issuer and the
Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no recourse shall be had for the
payment of any amount owing hereunder or for the payment of any fee hereunder or
any other obligation of, or claim against, the Issuer or the Purchaser arising
out of or based upon any provision herein or under any other Basic Document,
against any member, employee, officer, agent, director or authorized person of
the Issuer or the Purchaser or any Affiliate thereof except as the Issuer or the
Purchaser may have expressly agreed and except that any such partner, owner or
beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for
any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to
pay any installment or call owing to such entity; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the
foregoing shall not relieve any such person or entity of any liability they
might otherwise have as a result of fraudulent actions or omissions taken by
them. Nothing contained in this Section shall limit or be deemed to limit any
obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer hereunder
or under any other Basic Document, which obligations are full recourse
obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer,
respectively.

SECTION 11.17. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF ROLES. The parties expressly acknowledge and
consent to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association acting in the multiple
capacities of Backup Servicer and Trustee. The parties agree that Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association in such multiple capacities shall not be subject to
any claim, defense or liability arising from its performance in any such
capacity based on conflict of interest principles, duty of loyalty principles or
other breach of fiduciary duties to the extent that any such conflict or breach
arises from the performance by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association of any
other such capacity or capacities in accordance with this Agreement or any other
Basic Documents to which it is a party.

SECTION 11.18. TERMINATION. Except as otherwise provided herein, the respective
obligations and responsibilities of the Seller, the Purchaser, the Servicer, the
Backup Servicer and the Trustee created hereby shall terminate on the
Termination Date; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, in any case there shall be delivered to the
Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders an Opinion of Counsel that all
applicable preference periods under federal, State and local bankruptcy,
insolvency and similar laws have expired with respect to the payments pursuant
to this SECTION 11.18. The Servicer shall promptly notify the Trustee, the
Seller, the Issuer, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders of any prospective
termination pursuant to this SECTION 11.18.

SECTION 11.19. SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH
RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND BY EXECUTION
AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF
AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY
OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON
CONVENIENS, OR ANY LEGAL PROCESS WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ANY OF ITS PROPERTY,
WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT RELATED
HERETO. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS,
COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY
NEW YORK LAW.

SECTION 11.20. WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH WAIVE THEIR
RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON
OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY
PARTY AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT
CLAIMS OR OTHERWISE. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE
OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE
FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR
OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR
ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL
APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO
THIS AGREEMENT.


                                       47
<PAGE>

SECTION 11.21. PROCESS AGENT. Each of the Purchaser, Seller, Servicer and
Trustee agrees that the process by which any proceedings in the State of New
York are begun may be served on it by being delivered by certified mail at the
chief executive office or corporate trust office, as applicable, or at its
registered office for the time being. If such person is not or ceases to be
effectively appointed to accept service of process on the Purchaser's, Seller's,
Servicer's or Trustee's behalf, the Purchaser, Seller, Servicer or Trustee, as
applicable, shall, on the written demand of the process agent, appoint a further
person in the State of New York to accept service of process on its behalf and,
failing such appointment within 15 days, the process agent shall be entitled to
appoint such a person by written notice to the Purchaser, Seller, Servicer or
Trustee, as applicable. Nothing in this sub-clause shall affect the right of the
process agent to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

SECTION 11.22. SET-OFF(a) Each of the Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer and the
Servicer agrees that it shall have no right of set-off or banker's lien against,
and no right to otherwise deduct from, any funds held in any account described
herein or in the Basic Documents for any amount owed to it by the Note Purchaser
or any Noteholder.

         (b) In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under applicable
law and not by way of limitation of such rights, during the continuance of any
Event of Default hereunder:

                  (i) the Note Purchaser is hereby authorized at any time and
         from time to time, without notice to the Purchaser or the Issuer, such
         notice being hereby expressly waived, to set-off any obligation owing
         by the Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to the Purchaser or the
         Issuer, or against any funds or other property of the Purchaser or the
         Issuer, held by or otherwise in the possession of the Note Purchaser or
         any of its Affiliates, the respective obligations of the Purchaser or
         the Issuer to the Note Purchaser under this Agreement and the other
         Basic Documents and irrespective of whether or not the Note Purchaser
         shall have made any demand hereunder or thereunder; and

                  (ii) the Note Purchaser is hereby authorized at any time and
         from time to time, without notice to the Seller or the Servicer, such
         notice being hereby expressly waived, to set-off any obligation owing
         by the Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to the Seller or the
         Servicer, or against any funds or other property of the Seller or the
         Servicer held by or otherwise in the possession of the Note Purchaser
         or any of its Affiliates, the respective obligations of the Seller or
         the Servicer to the Note Purchaser under this Agreement and the other
         Basic Documents and irrespective of whether or not the Note Purchaser
         shall have made any demand hereunder or thereunder.

SECTION 11.23. NO WAIVER; CUMULATIVE REMEDIES. No failure to exercise and no
delay in exercising any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder, shall
operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further
exercise hereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.
The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and
not exhaustive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.

SECTION 11.24. MERGER AND INTEGRATION. Except as specifically stated otherwise
herein, this Agreement and the other Basic Documents sets forth the entire
understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and all
prior understandings, written or oral, are superseded by this Agreement and the
other Basic Documents. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, waived or
supplemented except as provided herein.


                                       48
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of
the day and the year first above written.

                       PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC, as Purchaser and Issuer




                       By:
                           -------------------------------------------------
               Name:
              Title:

                       CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC., as
                       Seller and Servicer


                       By:
                           -------------------------------------------------
               Name:
              Title:

                       WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its
                       individual capacity, but solely as Backup Servicer and
                       Trustee


                       By:
                           -------------------------------------------------
               Name:
              Title:


                                       49
<PAGE>

                             ANNEX ADEFINED TERMS


                  "ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENT" means that Deposit Account Control
Agreement dated as of November 15, 2005, by and among CPS, the Note Purchaser
and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as such agreement may be amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the
terms thereof.

                  "ACCOUNTING DATE" means, with respect to any Determination
Date, the close of business on the day immediately preceding such Determination
Date.

                  "ACCOUNTANTS' REPORT" means the report of a firm of nationally
recognized independent accountants described in SECTION 4.11 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

                  "ACCRUAL PERIOD" means a calendar month; provided that the
initial Accrual Period shall be the period from and including the day after the
initial Cutoff Date to and including December 14, 2005.

                  "ACT" has the meaning specified in SECTION 11.3 of the
Indenture.

                  "ADDITION NOTICE" means, with respect to any transfer of
Receivables to the Purchaser pursuant to SECTION 2.1 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, notice of the Seller's election to transfer Receivables to the
Purchaser, such notice to designate the related Funding Date and the aggregate
principal amount of Receivables to be transferred on such Funding Date,
substantially in the form of EXHIBIT G to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "ADVANCE" has the meaning set forth in paragraph 4 of the
recitals to the Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "ADVANCE AMOUNT" means an amount not less than $2,000,000 and
not more than the lesser of (i) the excess of the Maximum Invested Amount over
the Invested Amount as of such Funding Date and (ii) the excess of the Borrowing
Base over the Invested Amount as of such Funding Date.

                  "ADVANCE REQUEST" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(a)
of the Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "AFFILIATE" of any Person means any Person who directly or
indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under direct or indirect common
control with such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term "CONTROL"
when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management
and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms
"controlling", "CONTROLLED BY" and "UNDER COMMON CONTROL WITH" have meanings
correlative to the foregoing.

                  "AMOUNT FINANCED" means, with respect to a Receivable, the
aggregate amount advanced under such Receivable toward the purchase price of the
Financed Vehicle and any related costs, including amounts advanced in respect of
accessories, insurance premiums, service and warranty contracts, other items
customarily financed as part of retail automobile installment sale contracts or
promissory notes, and related costs.

                  "ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATE" or "APR" of a Receivable means the
annual percentage rate of finance charges or service charges, as stated in the
related Contract.

                  "APPLICABLE MARGIN" means 2.00%; provided that on any day on
which an Event of Default shall exist, the Applicable Margin shall be the
Default Applicable Margin.

                  "ASSIGNMENT" means an assignment from the Seller to the
Purchaser with respect to the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property to be
conveyed by the Seller to the Purchaser on any Funding Date, in substantially
the form of EXHIBIT F to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.


                                       50
<PAGE>

                  "ASSUMPTION DATE" has the meaning set forth in SECTION 10.3(A)
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "AUTHORIZED OFFICER" means, with respect to the Servicer or
the Issuer, any officer or agent acting pursuant to a power of attorney of the
Servicer or the Issuer, as the case may be, who is authorized to act therefor
and who is identified on the list of Authorized Officers delivered by such
Person to the Trustee and the Note Purchaser on the Closing Date (as such list
may be modified or supplemented from time to time thereafter).

                  "AVAILABLE FUNDS" means, for each Settlement Date, the sum of
the following amounts with respect to the preceding Accrual Period, without
duplication: (i) all collections on the Receivables; (ii) all Net Liquidation
Proceeds received during the Accrual Period with respect to Liquidated
Receivables; (iii) the Purchase Amount of each Receivable repurchased by the
Seller or the Purchaser during such Accrual Period; (iv) Investment Earnings for
the related Settlement Date; (v) all amounts received pursuant to Receivable
Insurance Policies with respect to any Financed Vehicles; and (vi) cash received
from a Margin Call.

                   "BACKUP SERVICER" means Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association in its capacity as Backup Servicer pursuant to the terms of the
Servicing Assumption Agreement or such Person as shall have been appointed
Backup Servicer pursuant to Section 9.3(b) or 9.6 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

                  "BACKUP SERVICING FEE" means (A) the fee payable to the Backup
Servicer so long as the Seller or any successor Servicer (other than the Backup
Servicer) is the Servicer, on each Settlement Date in the amount equal to $1,800
per monthly data transmission received by the Backup Servicer pursuant to
Section 4.14 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and (B) any other amounts
payable to the Backup Servicer pursuant to the Fee Schedule.

                  "BANKRUPTCY CODE" means the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as
amended from time to time, and as codified as 11 U.S.C. Section 101 ET SEQ.

                  "BASIC DOCUMENTS" means the Notes, the Indenture, the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, the Lockbox Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement, the LLC
Agreement, each Assignment, the Pledge Agreement, the Servicing Assumption
Agreement, the Consent and Agreement, the Servicer Termination Side Letter, the
Account Control Agreement and other documents and certificates delivered in
connection therewith.

                  "BORROWING BASE" means, on any date of determination, the
lesser of (a) an amount equal to the product of (i) the aggregate Principal
Balance (as of such date of determination) of all Eligible Receivables less the
Excess Concentration Amount and (ii) 80.0%, and (b) an amount equal to the
product of (A) 85.0% and (B) the Market Value.

                  "BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE" means, with respect to any
transfer of Receivables, the certificate of the Servicer setting forth the
calculation of the Borrowing Base, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT A to the
Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "BORROWING BASE DEFICIENCY" means, as of any date of
determination, the positive excess, if any, of the Invested Amount over the
Borrowing Base, after application of funds, if any, by the Trustee in reduction
of the Invested Amount as contemplated by Section 3.05 of the Note Purchase
Agreement.

                  "BUSINESS DAY" means any (i) day other than a Saturday, a
Sunday or other day on which commercial banks located in the states of
Minnesota, California or New York are authorized or obligated to be closed and
(ii) if the applicable Business Day relates to the determination of LIBOR, a day
which is a day for trading by and between banks in the London interbank
eurodollar market.

                  "CASUALTY" means, with respect to a Financed Vehicle, the
total loss or destruction of such Financed Vehicle.

                  "CHANGE OF CONTROL" means a change resulting when (i) the
Seller no longer owns 100% of the membership interests in the Purchaser, (ii)
the Seller or the Purchaser merges or consolidates with, or sells all or
substantially all of its assets to any other Person, or (iii) any Unrelated
Person or any Unrelated Persons, acting together, that would constitute a Group


                                       51
<PAGE>

together with any Affiliates or Related Persons thereof (in each case also
constituting Unrelated Persons) shall at any time Beneficially Own more than 50%
of the aggregate voting power of all classes of Voting Stock of the Seller. As
used herein, (a) "Beneficially Own" shall mean "beneficially own" as defined in
Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision thereto; provided,
however, that, for purposes of this definition, a Person shall not be deemed to
Beneficially Own securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made
by or on behalf of such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates until such
tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange; (b) "Group" shall
mean a "group" for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act; (c) "Unrelated
Person" shall mean at any time any Person other than the Seller or any of its
Subsidiaries and other than any trust for any employee benefit plan of the
Seller or any of its Subsidiaries; (d) "Related Person" shall mean any other
Person owning (1) 5% or more of the outstanding common stock of such Person, or
(2) 5% or more of the Voting Stock of such Person; and (e) "Voting Stock" of any
Person shall mean the capital stock or other indicia of equity rights of such
Person which at the time has the power to vote for the election of one or more
members of the Board of Directors (or other governing body) of such Person.

                  "CLEARING AGENCY" means an organization registered as a
"clearing agency" pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act, or any successor
provision thereto. The initial Clearing Agency shall be The Depository Trust
Company.

                  "CLOSING DATE" means November 15, 2005.

                  "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
from time to time, and Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.

                  "COLLATERAL" has the meaning specified in the Granting Clause
of the Indenture.

                  "COLLECTION ACCOUNT" means the account designated as such,
established and maintained pursuant to SECTION 5.1 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

                  "COMMISSION" means the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission.

                  "COMMITMENT" means the obligation of the Note Purchaser to
make Advances to the Issuer pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions
of the Note Purchase Agreement and the other Basic Documents.

                  "COMMITMENT FEE" means, with respect to any Settlement Date,
for so long as no Funding Termination Event shall have occurred and be
continuing, a fee in an amount equal to the product of (a) one-twelfth, (b)
twenty-five basis point (0.25%) and (c) the excess, if any, of (i) the Maximum
Invested Amount over (ii) the daily average of the Invested Amount over the
immediately preceding Accrual Period set forth in the related Servicer's
Certificate as and to the extent verified by the Note Purchaser.

                  "CONCENTRATION LIMITS" means with respect to Eligible
Receivables:

                  (i) Eligible Receivables that are Section 341 Receivables
         shall not at any time represent more than 3% of the aggregate Principal
         Balance of Eligible Receivables;

                  (ii) Eligible Receivables the Obligors of which are
         contractually delinquent with respect to more than 10% of a Scheduled
         Receivable Payment by more than 30 days, but less than 46 days, shall
         not at any time represent more than 4% of the aggregate Principal
         Balance of Eligible Receivables;

                  (iii) Eligible Receivables originated under Seller's "First
         Time Buyer Program" and "Mercury/Delta Program" shall not at any time
         represent more than 15% of the aggregate Principal Balance of Eligible
         Receivables;

                  (iv) Seasoned Receivables shall not represent more than
         $3,000,000 in aggregate Principal Balance of the Eligible Receivables;


                                       52
<PAGE>

                  (v) Unless an Opinion of Counsel, in form and substance
         satisfactory to the Note Purchaser, has been delivered to the Trustee
         and the Note Purchaser addressing (i) the form of Contract used by
         Seller in such State and (ii) the security interest of the Trustee in
         the Financed Vehicles titled in such State in the absence of any
         retitling of such Financed Vehicles, Eligible Receivables originated in
         any one State shall not in the aggregate at any time represent more
         than 10% of the aggregate Principal Balance of Eligible Receivables;

                  "CONSENT AND AGREEMENT" means that Consent and Agreement dated
as of November 15, 2005, made by the Issuer, as such consent and agreement may
be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance
with the terms thereof,

                  "CONSOLIDATED TOTAL ADJUSTED EQUITY" of any Person means, with
respect to any fiscal quarter, the total shareholders' equity of such Person and
its consolidated Subsidiaries that, in accordance with GAAP, is reflected on the
consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its consolidated Subsidiaries for
such fiscal quarter, MINUS the aggregate amount of such Person's and its
consolidated Subsidiaries intangible assets, including without limitation,
goodwill, franchises, licenses, patents, trademarks, tradenames, copyrights and
service marks.

                  "CONSUMER LAWS" means federal and State usury laws, the
Federal Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit
Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Federal Trade
Commission Act, the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, the Federal Reserve Board's
Regulations B and Z, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the California
Military Reservist Relief Act, the Texas Consumer Credit Code, the California
Automobile Sales Finance Act, State adaptations of the National Consumer Act and
of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code and all other federal, State and local
consumer credit laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure laws and
regulations thereunder.

                  "CONTRACT" means a motor vehicle retail installment sale
contract or installment promissory note or security agreement relating to the
sale or refinancing of new or used automobiles, light duty trucks, vans or
minivans, and other writings related thereto from time to time.

                   "CORPORATE TRUST OFFICE" means with respect to the Trustee,
the principal office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its
corporate trust business shall be administered which office is located at Sixth
Street and Marquette Avenue, MAC N9311-161, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479, or at
such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to
the Note Purchaser, the Servicer, the Issuer, or the principal corporate trust
office of any successor Trustee (the address of which the successor Trustee will
notify the Note Purchaser).

                  "CPS" means Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., a California
corporation.

                  "CRAM DOWN LOSS" means, with respect to a Receivable, if a
court of appropriate jurisdiction in an insolvency proceeding shall have issued
an order reducing the amount owed on a Receivable or otherwise modifying or
restructuring Scheduled Receivable Payments to be made on a Receivable, an
amount equal to such reduction in the Principal Balance of such Receivable or
the reduction in the net present value (using as the discount rate the lower of
the contract rate or the rate of interest specified by the court in such order)
of the Scheduled Receivable Payments as so modified or restructured. A "CRAM
DOWN LOSS" shall be deemed to have occurred on the date such order is entered.

                  "CUTOFF DATE" means, with respect to a Receivable or
Receivables, the date specified as such for such Receivable or Receivables in
the Schedule of Receivables attached to the Sale and Servicing Agreement or to
the applicable Assignment.

                  "DATA TAPE FIELDS" has the meaning given such term in Section
2.1(b)(i) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "DEALER" means, with respect to a Receivable, the seller of
the related Financed Vehicle, who originated and assigned such Receivable to the
Seller, which Dealer shall not be an Affiliate of the Seller (including, without
limitation, MFN Financial Corporation and TFC Enterprises, Inc.).


                                       53
<PAGE>

                  "DEFAULT" means any occurrence that is, or with notice or the
lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default.

                  "DEFAULT APPLICABLE MARGIN" means 4.00%.

                  "DEFECTIVE RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable that is subject to
repurchase pursuant to SECTION 3.2 or SECTION 4.7 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

                  "DEFINITIVE NOTE" has the meaning specified in SECTION 2.5(C)
to the Indenture.

                  "DELIVERY" means, when used with respect to Pledged Account
Property:

                  (i) the perfection and priority of a security interest in such
Pledged Account Property which is governed by the law of a jurisdiction which
has adopted the 1978 Revision to Article 8 of the UCC (and not the 1994 Revision
to Article 8 of the UCC as referred to in (II) below):

                           (a) with respect to bankers' acceptances, commercial
         paper, negotiable certificates of deposit and other obligations that
         constitute "INSTRUMENTS" within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(47) of
         the UCC and are susceptible of physical delivery, transfer thereof to
         the Trustee or its nominee or custodian by physical delivery to the
         Trustee or its nominee or custodian endorsed to, or registered in the
         name of, the Trustee or its nominee or custodian or endorsed in blank,
         and, with respect to a certificated security (as defined in Section
         8-102 of the UCC), transfer thereof (1) by delivery of such
         certificated security endorsed to, or registered in the name of, the
         Trustee or its nominee or custodian or endorsed in blank to a financial
         intermediary (as defined in Section 8-313 of the UCC) and the making by
         such financial intermediary of entries on its books and records
         identifying such certificated securities as belonging to the Trustee or
         its nominee or custodian and the sending by such financial intermediary
         of a confirmation of the purchase of such certificated security by the
         Trustee or its nominee or custodian, or (2) by delivery thereof to a
         "CLEARING CORPORATION" (as defined in Section 8-102(3) of the UCC) and
         the making by such clearing corporation of appropriate entries on its
         books reducing the appropriate securities account of the transferor and
         increasing the appropriate securities account of a financial
         intermediary by the amount of such certificated security, the
         identification by the clearing corporation of the certificated
         securities for the sole and exclusive account of the financial
         intermediary, the maintenance of such certificated securities by such
         clearing corporation or a "CUSTODIAN BANK" (as defined in Section
         8-102(4) of the UCC) or the nominee of either subject to the clearing
         corporation's exclusive control, the sending of a confirmation by the
         financial intermediary of the purchase by the Trustee or its nominee or
         custodian of such securities and the making by such financial
         intermediary of entries on its books and records identifying such
         certificated securities as belonging to the Trustee or its nominee or
         custodian (all of the foregoing, "PHYSICAL PROPERTY"), and, in any
         event, any such Physical Property in registered form shall be in the
         name of the Trustee or its nominee or custodian; and such additional or
         alternative procedures as may hereafter become appropriate to effect
         the complete transfer of ownership of any such Pledged Account Property
         to the Trustee or its nominee or custodian, consistent with changes in
         applicable law or regulations or the interpretation thereof;

                           (b) with respect to any security issued by the U.S.
         Treasury, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or by the Federal
         National Mortgage Association that is a book-entry security held
         through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book-entry
         regulations, the following procedures, all in accordance with
         applicable law, including applicable Federal regulations and Articles 8
         and 9 of the UCC: book-entry registration of such Pledged Account
         Property to an appropriate book-entry account maintained with a Federal
         Reserve Bank by a financial intermediary which is also a "DEPOSITORY"
         pursuant to applicable Federal regulations and issuance by such
         financial intermediary of a deposit advice or other written
         confirmation of such book-entry registration to the Trustee or its
         nominee or custodian of the purchase by the Trustee or its nominee or
         custodian of such book-entry securities; the making by such financial
         intermediary of entries in its books and records identifying such
         book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to
         Federal book-entry regulations as belonging to the Trustee or its
         nominee or custodian and indicating that such custodian holds such
         Pledged Account Property solely as agent for the Trustee or its nominee
         or custodian; and such additional or alternative procedures as may
         hereafter become appropriate to effect complete transfer of ownership
         of any such Pledged Account Property to the Trustee or its nominee or
         custodian, consistent with changes in applicable law or regulations or
         the interpretation thereof; and


                                       54
<PAGE>

                           (c) with respect to any item of Pledged Account
         Property that is an uncertificated security under Article 8 of the UCC
         and that is not governed by CLAUSE (B) above, registration on the books
         and records of the issuer thereof in the name of the financial
         intermediary, the sending of a confirmation by the financial
         intermediary of the purchase by the Trustee or its nominee or custodian
         of such uncertificated security, the making by such financial
         intermediary of entries on its books and records identifying such
         uncertificated securities as belonging to the Trustee or its nominee or
         custodian; or

                  (ii) the perfection and priority of a security interest in
such Pledged Account Property which is governed by the law of a jurisdiction
which has adopted the 1994 Revision to Article 8 of the UCC:

                           (a) with respect to bankers' acceptances, commercial
         paper, negotiable certificates of deposit and other obligations that
         constitute "INSTRUMENTS" within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(47) of
         the UCC (other than certificated securities) and are susceptible of
         physical delivery, transfer thereof to the Trustee by physical delivery
         to the Trustee, indorsed to, or registered in the name of, the Trustee
         or its nominee or indorsed in blank and such additional or alternative
         procedures as may hereafter become appropriate to effect the complete
         transfer of ownership of any such Pledged Account Property to the
         Trustee free and clear of any adverse claims, consistent with changes
         in applicable law or regulations or the interpretation thereof;

                           (b) with respect to a "CERTIFICATED SECURITY" (as
         defined in Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC), transfer thereof:

                                    (1) by physical delivery of such
                  certificated security to the Trustee, PROVIDED that if the
                  certificated security is in registered form, it shall be
                  indorsed to, or registered in the name of, the Trustee or
                  indorsed in blank;

                                    (2) by physical delivery of such
                  certificated security in registered form to a "SECURITIES
                  INTERMEDIARY" (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(l4) of the UCC)
                  acting on behalf of the Trustee if the certificated security
                  has been specially indorsed to the Trustee by an effective
                  indorsement.

                           (c) with respect to any security issued by the U.S.
         Treasury, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or by the Federal
         National Mortgage Association that is a book-entry security held
         through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book entry
         regulations, the following procedures, all in accordance with
         applicable law, including applicable federal regulations and Articles 8
         and 9 of the UCC: book-entry registration of such property to an
         appropriate book-entry account maintained with a Federal Reserve Bank
         by a securities intermediary which is also a "DEPOSITARY" pursuant to
         applicable federal regulations and issuance by such securities
         intermediary of a deposit advice or other written confirmation of such
         book-entry registration to the Trustee of the purchase by the
         securities intermediary on behalf of the Trustee of such book-entry
         security; the making by such securities intermediary of entries in its
         books and records identifying such book-entry security held through the
         Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book-entry regulations as
         belonging to the Trustee and indicating that such securities
         intermediary holds such book-entry security solely as agent for the
         Trustee; and such additional or alternative procedures as may hereafter
         become appropriate to effect complete transfer of ownership of any such
         Pledged Account Property to the Trustee free of any adverse claims,
         consistent with changes in applicable law or regulations or the
         interpretation thereof;

                           (d) with respect to any item of Pledged Account
         Property that is an "UNCERTIFICATED SECURITY" (as defined in Section
         8-102(a)(18) of the UCC) and that is not governed by CLAUSE (C) above,
         transfer thereof:


                                       55
<PAGE>

                                    (1)(A) by registration to the Trustee as the
                  registered owner thereof, on the books and records of the
                  issuer thereof;

                                    (B) by another Person (not a securities
                  intermediary) who either becomes the registered owner of the
                  uncertificated security on behalf of the Trustee, or having
                  become the registered owner acknowledges that it holds for the
                  Trustee;

                                    (2) the issuer thereof has agreed that it
                  will comply with instructions originated by the Trustee
                  without further consent of the registered owner thereof;

                           (e) with respect to a "SECURITY ENTITLEMENT" (as
         defined in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC):

                                    (1) if a securities intermediary (A)
                  indicates by book entry that a "FINANCIAL ASSET" (as defined
                  in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC) has been credited to the
                  Trustee's "SECURITIES ACCOUNT" (as defined in Section 8-501(a)
                  of the UCC), (B) receives a financial asset (as so defined)
                  from the Trustee or acquires a financial asset for the
                  Trustee, and in either case, accepts it for credit to the
                  Trustee's securities account (as so defined), (C) becomes
                  obligated under other law, regulation or rule to credit a
                  financial asset to the Trustee's securities account, or (D)
                  has agreed that it will comply with "ENTITLEMENT ORDERS" (as
                  defined in Section 8-102(a)(8) of the UCC) originated by the
                  Trustee, without further consent by the "ENTITLEMENT HOLDER"
                  (as defined in Section 8-l02(a)(7) of the UCC), of a
                  confirmation of the purchase and the making by such securities
                  intermediary of entries on its books and records identifying
                  as belonging to the Trustee of (I) a specific certificated
                  security in the securities intermediary's possession, (II) a
                  quantity of securities that constitute or are part of a
                  fungible bulk of certificated securities in the securities
                  intermediary's possession, or (III) a quantity of securities
                  that constitute or are part of a fungible bulk of securities
                  shown on the account of the securities intermediary on the
                  books of another securities intermediary;

                           (f) in each case of delivery contemplated pursuant to
         CLAUSES (A) through (E) of SUBSECTION (II) hereof, the Trustee shall
         make appropriate notations on its records, and shall cause the same to
         be made on the records of its nominees, indicating that such Trust
         Property which constitutes a security is held in trust pursuant to and
         as provided in the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "DEPOSIT ACCOUNT" means that deposit account established
pursuant to the Account Control Agreement.

                  "DETERMINATION DATE" means, with respect to any Settlement
Date, the fourth Business Day preceding such Settlement Date.

                  "DOLLAR" means lawful money of the United States.

                  "ELIGIBLE ACCOUNT" means either (i) a segregated trust account
that is maintained with a depository institution acceptable to the Note
Purchaser, or (ii) a segregated direct deposit account maintained with a
depository institution or trust company organized under the laws of the United
States of America, or any of the States thereof, or the District of Columbia,
having a certificate of deposit, short-term deposit or commercial paper rating
of at least "A-1+" by Standard & Poor's and "P-1" by Moody's and acceptable to
the Note Purchaser.

                  "ELIGIBLE INVESTMENTS" mean book-entry securities, negotiable
instruments or securities represented by instruments in bearer or registered
form which evidence:

                           (a) direct obligations of, and obligations fully
         guaranteed as to the full and timely payment by, the United States of
         America;


                                       56
<PAGE>

                           (b) demand deposits, time deposits or certificates of
         deposit of any depository institution or trust company incorporated
         under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof (or
         any domestic branch of a foreign bank) and subject to supervision and
         examination by Federal or State banking or depository institution
         authorities; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that at the time of the investment or
         contractual commitment to invest therein, the commercial paper or other
         short-term unsecured debt obligations (other than such obligations the
         rating of which is based on the credit of a Person other than such
         depository institution or trust company) thereof shall be rated "A-1+"
         or better by Standard & Poor's and "P-1" by Moody's;

                           (c) commercial paper that, at the time of the
         investment or contractual commitment to invest therein, is rated "A-1+"
         or better by Standard & Poor's and "P-1" by Moody's;

                           (d) bankers' acceptances issued by any depository
         institution or trust company referred to in CLAUSE (B) above;

                           (e) repurchase obligations with respect to any
         security that is a direct obligation of, or fully guaranteed as to the
         full and timely payment by, the United States of America or any agency
         or instrumentality thereof the obligations of which are backed by the
         full faith and credit of the United States of America, in either case
         entered into with (i) a depository institution or trust company (acting
         as principal) described in CLAUSE (B) or (ii) a depository institution
         or trust company whose commercial paper or other short term unsecured
         debt obligations are rated "A-1+" or better by Standard & Poor's and
         "P-1" by Moody's and long term unsecured debt obligations are rated
         "AAA" by Standard & Poor's and "AAA" by Moody's;

                           (f) money market mutual funds registered under the
         Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a rating, at the
         time of such investment, from each of Standard & Poor's and Moody's in
         the highest investment category granted thereby; and

                           (g) any other investment as may be acceptable to the
         Note Purchaser, as evidenced by a writing to that effect, as may from
         time to time be confirmed in writing to the Trustee by the Note
         Purchaser.

                  Any of the foregoing Eligible Investments may be purchased by
or through the Trustee or any of its Affiliates.

                  "ELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES" means, as of any date of determination,
Receivables (a) that have been originated or acquired by the Seller in
accordance with the Seller's Contract Purchase Guidelines; (b) that are secured
by a first-priority perfected security interest in the related Financed Vehicle;
(c) as to which the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.1 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement are true and correct; (d) that are not more
than 45 days past due with respect to more than 10% of the Scheduled Receivable
Payment as of such date of determination; (e) as to which the related Obligor
has not been the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding since the origination of the
Receivable (other than any Obligor the related Receivable of which is a Section
341 Receivable); (f) as to which the Servicer has not repossessed the related
Financed Vehicle or charged-off the related Contract; (g) that have not been
owned by the Purchaser and pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders and Note Purchaser for more than 180 days; and (h) that have not
been otherwise rejected by the Note Purchaser, in its sole discretion, as a
result of deficiencies with respect to such Receivable discovered during the
Note Purchaser's due diligence review, prior to the related Funding thereof.

                  "ELIGIBLE SERVICER" means a Person approved to act as
"SERVICER" under the Sale and Servicing Agreement by the Note Purchaser.

                   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended.

                   "EVENT OF DEFAULT" has the meaning specified in SECTION 5.1
of the Indenture.


                                       57
<PAGE>

                  "EXCESS CONCENTRATION AMOUNT" means the aggregate amount by
which (without duplication) the aggregate Principal Balance of Eligible
Receivables sold to the Purchaser under the Sale and Servicing Agreement exceeds
any of the Concentration Limits; provided, however, that in determining which
Receivables to exclude for purposes of complying with any Concentration Limit,
the Purchaser shall exclude Receivables starting with those having the most
oldest origination dates.

                  "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

                  "EXECUTIVE OFFICER" means, with respect to any corporation,
the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
President, Senior Vice President, any Vice President, the Secretary or the
Treasurer of such corporation; with respect to any limited liability company,
the manager and any individuals appointed to any of the preceding offices by the
manager; and with respect to any partnership, any general partner thereof.

                  "FACILITY TERMINATION DATE" means the earlier of (a) the
Scheduled Maturity Date or (b) the date of the occurrence of an Event of
Default.

                  "FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
                   -

                  "FEE SCHEDULE" means that certain notice captioned "Schedule
of Fees for CPS - Bear Stearns Warehouse" from Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as acknowledged by the Servicer as of November 15, 2005.

                  "FINANCED VEHICLE" means a new or used automobile, light
truck, van or minivan, together with all accessions thereto, securing an
Obligor's indebtedness under a Receivable.

                  "FUNDING DATE" means the Business Day on which an Advance
occurs.

                  "FUNDING TERMINATION EVENT" means the occurrence and
continuance of any one of the following events, unless waived in writing by the
Note Purchaser in its sole discretion: (i) an Event of Default; (ii) CPS is
terminated as servicer under any other warehouse financing facility or term
securitization transaction (other than any warehouse financing facility or term
securitization transaction as to which the receivables related thereto were
originated exclusively by SeaWest, TFC or MFN); (iii) failure by the Issuer or
the Servicer to accept a proposed assignee in accordance with Section
8.03(c)(iii) of the Note Purchase Agreement or (iv) Charles Bradley, Jr. shall
not hold the position of President of CPS.

                  "GAAP" means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
occasioned by the promulgation of rules, regulations, pronouncements or opinions
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants or the Securities and Exchange Commission (or successors
thereto or agencies with similar functions) from time to time.

                  "GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY" means the United States of America,
any state, local or other political subdivision thereof and any entity
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory, or administrative
functions thereof pertaining thereto.

                  "GRANT" means to mortgage, pledge, bargain, sell, warrant,
alienate, remise, release, convey, assign, transfer, create, grant a lien upon
and a security interest in and right of set-off against, deposit, set over and
confirm pursuant to the Indenture or the Pledge Agreement, as applicable. A
Grant of the Collateral or Pledged Collateral, as the case may be, or of any
other agreement or instrument shall include all rights, powers and options (but
none of the obligations) of the granting party thereunder, including the
immediate and continuing right (after an Event of Default) to claim for,
collect, receive and give receipt for principal and interest payments in respect
of the Collateral or Pledged Collateral, as the case may be, and all other
moneys payable thereunder, to give and receive notices and other communications,
to make waivers or other agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to
bring proceedings in the name of the granting party or otherwise and generally
to do and receive anything that the granting party is or may be entitled to do
or receive thereunder or with respect thereto.


                                       58
<PAGE>

                   "HOLDERS" or "NOTEHOLDERS" means the Persons in whose name
the Notes are registered on the Note Register, which shall initially be Bear,
Stearns International Limited or an Affiliate thereof.

                  "INDEBTEDNESS" means, with respect to any Person at any time,
any (a) indebtedness or liability of such Person for borrowed money whether or
not evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, repurchase agreements and similar
arrangements, or other instruments, or for the deferred purchase price of
property or services (including trade obligations); (b) obligations of such
Person as lessee under leases which should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded
as capital leases; (c) current liabilities of such Person in respect of unfunded
vested benefits under plans covered by Title IV of ERISA; (d) obligations issued
for or liabilities incurred on the account of such Person; (e) obligations or
liabilities of such Person arising under acceptance facilities; (f) obligations
of such Person under any guarantees, endorsements (other than for collection or
deposit in the ordinary course of business) and other contingent obligations to
purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest in any Person
or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss; (g) obligations of others
secured by any lien on property or assets of such Person, whether or not the
obligations have been assumed by such Person; or (h) obligations of such Person
under any interest rate or currency exchange agreement.

                  "INDENTURE" means the Indenture dated as of November 15, 2005,
between the Issuer and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, as
the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof.

                  "INDEPENDENT" means, when used with respect to any specified
Person, that the person (a) is in fact independent of the Issuer, the Seller,
the Purchaser, the Servicer and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing persons,
(b) does not have any direct financial interest or any material indirect
financial interest in the Issuer, the Seller, the Purchaser, the Servicer or any
Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons and (c) is not connected with the
Issuer, the Seller, the Purchaser, the Servicer or any Affiliate of any of the
foregoing Persons as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee,
partner, director or Person performing similar functions.

                  "INELIGIBLE RECEIVABLE" means any Receivable other than an
Eligible Receivable.

                  "INITIAL ADVANCE" means the first Advance that is funded on or
after the Closing Date.

                  "INSOLVENCY EVENT" means, with respect to a specified Person,
(a) the institution of a proceeding or the filing of a petition against such
Person seeking the entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having
jurisdiction in the premises in respect of such Person or any substantial part
of its property in an involuntary case under any applicable federal or state
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, seeking
the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee,
sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of
its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Person's
affairs, and such proceeding or petition, decree or order shall remain unstayed
or undismissed for a period of 60 consecutive days or an order or decree for the
requested relief is earlier entered or issued; or (b) the commencement by such
Person of a voluntary case under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by
such Person to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any
such law, or the consent by such Person to the appointment of or taking
possession by, a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee,
sequestrator, or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of
its property, or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the
benefit of creditors, or the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts
as such debts become due, or the taking of action by such Person in furtherance
of any of the foregoing.

                   "INTEREST PERIOD" means, with respect to the Notes and any
Settlement Date, the period from, and including, the immediately preceding
Settlement Date (or from and including the Closing Date, in the case of the
first Settlement Date) to, but excluding, such Settlement Date.

                  "INVESTED AMOUNT" means, with respect to any date of
determination, the aggregate principal amount (including all Advance Amounts as
of such date) of the Notes at such date of determination.


                                       59
<PAGE>

                  "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT" has the meaning set forth in SECTION
5.01(D) of the Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "INVESTMENT EARNINGS" means, with respect to any Settlement
Date and any Pledged Account, the investment earnings on Pledged Account
Property and deposited into such Pledged Account during the related Accrual
Period pursuant to SECTION 5.1(D) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "ISSUER" means Page Three Funding LLC until a successor
replaces it in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and, thereafter, means
the successor and, for purposes of any provision contained herein, each other
obligor on the Notes.

                  "ISSUER ORDER" and "ISSUER REQUEST" means a written order or
request signed in the name of the Issuer by any one of its Authorized Officers
and delivered to the Trustee.

                  "LIBOR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate
for one-month deposits in U.S. dollars determined on the related LIBOR
Determination Date by the Note Purchaser by reference to the London Inter-Bank
Offered Rate, as such rate appears as "BBBAM - Page DE8 4a" on Bloomberg (or
such other publicly-available service or services publishing such rates selected
by Note Purchaser in its reasonable discretion and communicated to the Issuer)
at or about 11 a.m. New York City time; PROVIDED FURTHER, that if no rate
appears on Bloomberg, on any such date of determination LIBOR shall be
determined as follows:

                  LIBOR will be determined at approximately 11:00 a.m., New York
City time, on the related LIBOR Determination Date on the basis of (a) the
arithmetic mean of the rates at which one-month deposits in U.S. dollars are
offered to prime banks in the London interbank market by four (4) major banks in
the London interbank market selected by the Note Purchaser and in a principal
amount of not less than $150,000,000 that is representative for a single
transaction in such market at such time, if at least two (2) such quotations are
provided, or (b) if fewer than two (2) quotations are provided as described in
the preceding clause (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates, as requested by the
Note Purchaser, quoted by three (3) major banks in New York City, selected by
the Note Purchaser, at approximately 11:00 A.M., New York City time, on such
LIBOR Determination Date, one-month deposits in United States dollars to leading
European banks and in a principal amount of not less than $150,000,000 that is
representative for a single transaction in such market at such time.

                  "LIBOR BUSINESS DAY" means any day on which banks in London,
England and The City of New York are open and conducting transactions in foreign
currency and exchange.

                  "LIBOR DETERMINATION DATE" means, with respect to any Interest
Period, the second LIBOR Business Day immediately preceding the first day of
such Interest Period.

                  "LIEN" means a security interest, lien, charge, pledge,
equity, or encumbrance of any kind, other than tax liens, mechanics' liens and
any liens that attach to the respective Receivable by operation of law as a
result of an Obligor's failure to pay an obligation.

                  "LIEN CERTIFICATE" means, with respect to a Financed Vehicle,
an original certificate of title, certificate of lien or other notification
issued by the Registrar of Titles of the applicable state to a secured party
which indicates that the lien of the secured party on the Financed Vehicle is
recorded on the original certificate of title. In any jurisdiction in which the
original certificate of title is required to be given to the obligor, the term
"LIEN CERTIFICATE" shall mean only a certificate or notification issued to a
secured party.

                  "LIQUIDATED RECEIVABLE" means any Receivable (i) which has
been liquidated by the Servicer through the sale of the Financed Vehicle or (ii)
for which the related Financed Vehicle has been repossessed and 90 days have
elapsed since the date of such repossession or (iii) as to which an Obligor has
failed to make more than 90% of a Scheduled Receivable Payment of more than ten
dollars for 120 (or, if the related Financed Vehicle has been repossessed, 210)
or more days as of the end of a Accrual Period or (iv) with respect to which
proceeds have been received which, in the Servicer's judgment, constitute the
final amounts recoverable in respect of such Receivable. For purposes of this
definition, a Receivable shall be deemed a "Liquidated Receivable" upon the
first to occur of the events specified in items (i) through (iv) of the previous
sentence.


                                       60
<PAGE>

                  "LLC AGREEMENT" means the Limited Liability Company Agreement
of Page Three Funding, LLC dated as of October 27, 2005, entered into by CPS, as
such agreement may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time in accordance with the terms thereof.

                   "LOCKBOX ACCOUNT" means an account established and maintained
in the name of the Issuer for the benefit of Trustee for the further benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser by the Lockbox Bank pursuant to SECTION
4.2(B) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "LOCKBOX AGREEMENT" means the Multiparty Agreement Relating to
Lockbox Services, dated as of November 15, 2005, by and among the Lockbox
Processor, the Purchaser, the Servicer and the Trustee, as such agreement may be
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with
the terms thereof, unless the Trustee shall cease to be a party thereunder, or
such agreement shall be terminated in accordance with its terms, in which event
"LOCKBOX AGREEMENT" shall mean such other agreement, in form and substance
acceptable to the Note Purchaser, among the Servicer, the Purchaser, and the
Lockbox Processor and any other appropriate parties.

                  "LOCKBOX BANK" means as of any date a depository institution
named by the Servicer and acceptable to the Majority Noteholders and the Note
Purchaser at which the Lockbox Account is established and maintained as of such
date.

                  "LOCKBOX PROCESSOR" means Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association and its successors and assigns.

                  "MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS" means Holders of Notes that in the
aggregate constitute more than 50% of the Percentage Interests.

                  "MARGIN CALL" has the meaning given to such term in Section
3.05 of the Note Purchase

Agreement.

                  "MARKET VALUE" means, on any Business Day, the value of the
Receivables as determined by the daily-run structured arb report as calculated
by the Note Purchaser in its sole discretion.

                  "MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE" means (a) in respect of any Person,
a material adverse change in (i) the business, financial condition, results of
operations, prospects or properties of such Person, or (ii) the ability of such
Person to perform its obligations under any of the Basic Documents to which it
is a party, in each case in a manner that materially and adversely affects the
Noteholders, the Note Purchaser or the value, collectibility or marketability of
the Notes, (b) in respect of any Receivable, a material adverse change in (i)
the value or marketability of such Receivable, or (ii) the probability that
amounts now or hereafter due in respect of such Receivable will be collected on
a timely basis, in each case in a manner that materially and adversely affects
the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser or the value, collectibility or
marketability of the Notes, or the ability of the Trustee on behalf of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchaser to realize the benefits of the security
afforded under the Basic Documents.

                  "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means an effect on (a) the value or
marketability of the Receivables or any of the other Collateral (including,
without limitation, the enforceability or collectibility of the Receivables);
(b) the business, operations, properties, condition (financial or otherwise) or
prospects of the Seller, the Servicer, the Purchaser or the Issuer, in each
case, individually or taken as a whole; (c) the validity or enforceability of
this or any of the other Basic Documents or the rights or remedies of the
Trustee, the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders hereunder or thereunder or the


                                       61
<PAGE>

validity, perfection or priority of any Lien in favor of the Trustee, the Note
Purchaser or the Noteholders granted thereunder; (d) the timely payment of the
principal of or interest on any Advances or other amounts payable under the
Basic Documents; or (e) the ability of the Seller, the Servicer, the Purchaser
or the Issuer to perform its obligations under any Basic Document to which it is
a party, in each case that materially and adversely affects the Noteholders, the
Note Purchaser or the value, collectability or marketability of the Notes.

                  "MAXIMUM INVESTED AMOUNT" means  $150,000,000.

                  "MFN" means MFN Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

                  "MINIMUM PLACEMENT FEE" means, for the Term, the product of
(i) 0.40% and (ii) $300,000,000 (representing the minimum amount of investment
grade notes to be placed by the Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates on
behalf of CPS and its Affiliates prior to the Minimum Placement Fee Payment
Date), as such amount may reduced by amounts paid in respect of the Minimum
Placement Fee pursuant to Section 3.01(d) of the Note Purchase Agreement,
Section 5.8(a)(v) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and Section 10.1 of the
Indenture.

                  "MINIMUM PLACEMENT FEE PAYMENT DATE" means the earliest to
occur of (a) the closing date for the second securitization of Eligible
Receivables contemplated by Section 3.01(d) of the Note Purchase Agreement, (b)
the date which occurs 15 calendar days immediately prior to the Scheduled
Maturity Date and (c) the Facility Termination Date.

                  "MOODY'S" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc., or its
successor.

                  "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" means a Plan which is a multiemployer
plan as defined in Sectoin 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.

                  "NET ACQUISITION FEE" means, for any Receivable, (a) the sum
of (i) PLAUSA3 and (ii) PLASFE less (b) PLTDIF, in each case, as reflected in
the Data Tape Fields delivered prior to each Funding Date pursuant to Section
2.1(b)(i) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, which amount shall represent the
difference between the original Principal Balance of the related Receivable and
the amount paid by the Seller to the Dealer for such Receivable (without giving
effect to the Seller netting from such amount the first payment due with respect
to such Receivable).

                  "NET LIQUIDATION PROCEEDS" means, with respect to a Liquidated
Receivable, all amounts realized with respect to such Receivable net of (i)
reasonable expenses incurred by the Servicer in connection with the collection
of such Receivable and the repossession and disposition of the Financed Vehicle
and the reasonable cost of legal counsel with the enforcement of a Liquidated
Receivable and (ii) amounts that are required to be refunded to the Obligor on
such Receivable; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Net Liquidation Proceeds with
respect to any Receivable shall in no event be less than zero.

                   "NOTES" means the Floating Rate Variable Funding Notes, each
substantially in the form of the Note set forth in EXHIBIT A-1 to the Indenture.

                  "NOTE DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT" means the account designated as
such, established and maintained pursuant to SECTION 5.1(B) of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

                  "NOTE INTEREST RATE" means for any day during any Interest
Period the sum of (i) LIBOR calculated as of the related LIBOR Determination
Date and (ii) the Applicable Margin for such day; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the
Note Interest Rate will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted by
law.

                  "NOTE PAYING AGENT" means the Trustee or any other Person that
meets the eligibility standards for the Trustee specified in SECTION 6.11 of the
Indenture and is authorized by the Issuer to make the payments to and
distributions from the Collection Account and the Note Distribution Account,
including payment of principal of or interest on the Note on behalf of the
Issuer.

                  "NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT" means the Note Purchase Agreement
dated as of November 15, 2005 among Bear, Stearns International Limited, the
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer, as the same may be amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the
terms thereof.


                                       62
<PAGE>

                  "NOTE PURCHASER" means Bear, Stearns International Limited and
its successors and permitted assigns.

                  "NOTE REGISTER" and "NOTE REGISTRAR" have the respective
meanings specified in Section 2.4 of the Indenture.

                  "NOTEHOLDERS' INTEREST CARRYOVER SHORTFALL" means, with
respect to any Settlement Date, the excess of the Noteholders' Interest
Distributable Amount for the preceding Settlement Date over the amount that was
actually deposited in the Note Distribution Account on such preceding Settlement
Date on account of the Noteholders' Interest Distributable Amount.

                  "NOTEHOLDERS' INTEREST DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT" means, with
respect to any Settlement Date, the sum of the Noteholders' Monthly Interest
Distributable Amount for such Settlement Date and the Noteholders' Interest
Carryover Shortfall for such Settlement Date, if any, plus interest on the
Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall, to the extent permitted by law, at
the Note Interest Rate for the related interest Period(s), from and including
the preceding Settlement Date to, but excluding, the current Settlement Date.

                  "NOTEHOLDERS' MONTHLY INTEREST DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT" means,
with respect to any Settlement Date, the sum of the interest amounts accrued on
the Notes on each day during the related Interest Period. The interest amount
accrued on the Notes on any day during any Interest Period shall equal the
product of (i) the Note Interest Rate for such day and (ii) the Invested Amount
on such day and (iii) 1/360.

                  "NOTEHOLDERS' PRINCIPAL DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT" means, with
respect to any Settlement Date (A) prior to the Facility Termination Date, the
Borrowing Base Deficiency, if any, and (B) upon and after the Facility
Termination Date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Note.

                   "OBLIGOR" on a Receivable means the purchaser or
co-purchasers of the Financed Vehicle and any other Person who owes payments
under the Receivable.

                  "OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE" means a certificate signed by the
chairman of the board, the president, any vice chairman of the board, any vice
president, the treasurer, the controller or assistant treasurer or any assistant
controller, secretary or assistant secretary of the Seller, the Purchaser or the
Servicer, as appropriate.

                  "OPINION COLLATERAL" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.6(a) of the Indenture.

                  "OPINION OF COUNSEL" means a written opinion of counsel who
may be but need not be counsel to the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer,
which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee and the Note
Purchaser and which opinion shall be acceptable in form and substance to the
Trustee and to the Note Purchaser.

                   "OTHER CONVEYED PROPERTY" means all property conveyed by the
Seller to the Purchaser pursuant to SECTIONS 2.1 (A)(II) through (XI) of the
Sale and Servicing Agreement and Section 2 of each Assignment.

                  "OUTSTANDING" means, as of the date of determination, the
Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered under the Indenture except:

                  (i) Notes theretofore canceled by the Note Registrar or
         delivered to the Note Registrar for cancellation;

                  (ii) Notes the payment for which money in the necessary amount
         has been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or any Note Paying
         Agent in trust for the Holders of such Notes (provided, however, that
         if such Notes are to be prepaid, notice of such prepayment has been
         duly given pursuant to the Indenture, satisfactory to the Trustee); and


                                       63
<PAGE>

                  (iii) Notes in exchange for or in lieu of one or more other
         Notes which have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the
         Indenture unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that
         any such Note is held by a bona fide purchaser.

                  "PERCENTAGE INTEREST" means, with respect to any Note, the
percentage interest as specified on the face of such Note, which when multiplied
by the Invested Amount outstanding on any date of determination shall equal the
principal amount outstanding on such Note as of such date.

                  "PERSON" means any individual, corporation, estate,
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint stock
company, trust (including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated organization
or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

                  "PHYSICAL PROPERTY" has the meaning assigned to such term in
the definition of "Delivery" above.

                  "PLAN" means any Person that is (i) an "employee benefit plan"
(as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to the provisions of Title
I of ERISA, (ii) a "plan" (as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code) that is
subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (ii) any entity whose underlying assets
include assets of a plan described in (i) or (ii) above by reason of such plan's
investment in the entity.

                  "PLEDGE AGREEMENT" means the Pledge and Security Agreement
dated as of November 15, 2005, among CPS and the Note Purchaser, as such
agreement may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
in accordance with the terms thereof.

                  "PLEDGED ACCOUNT PROPERTY" means the Pledged Accounts, all
amounts and investments held from time to time in any Pledged Account (whether
in the form of deposit accounts, Physical Property, book-entry securities,
uncertificated securities or otherwise), and all proceeds of the foregoing.

                  "PLEDGED ACCOUNTS" has the meaning assigned thereto in SECTION
5.1(C) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "PLEDGED COLLATERAL" has the meaning assigned thereto in the
Pledge Agreement.

                  "POST-OFFICE BOX" means the separate post-office box
established and maintained by the Servicer in the name of the Purchaser for the
benefit of the Trustee for the further benefit of the Noteholders and the Note
Purchaser, established and maintained pursuant to SECTION 4.2 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

                  "PRINCIPAL BALANCE" of a Receivable means the Amount Financed
minus the sum of the following amounts without duplication: (i) that portion of
all Scheduled Receivable Payments actually received on or prior to such day
allocable to principal using the Simple Interest Method; (ii) any Cram Down Loss
in respect of such Receivable; and (iii) any prepayment in full or any partial
prepayment applied to reduce the principal balance of the Receivable, all
measured as of the close of business on such day.

                  "PROCEEDING" means any suit in equity, action at law or other
judicial or administrative proceeding.

                  "PROGRAM" has the meaning specified in SECTION 4.11 of the
Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                   "PURCHASE AMOUNT" means, on any date with respect to a
Defective Receivable, the sum of (a) the Principal Balance of such Receivable as
of the date of purchase of such Receivable, and (b) all accrued and unpaid
interest on the Receivable.

                  "PURCHASE PRICE" means, with respect to each Receivable and
related Other Conveyed Property transferred to the Purchaser on the Closing Date
or on any Funding Date, an amount equal to the Principal Balance of such
Receivable as of the Closing Date or such Funding Date, as applicable.


                                       64
<PAGE>

                  "PURCHASED RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable purchased by the
Servicer pursuant to SECTION 4.7 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or
repurchased by the Seller pursuant to SECTION 3.2 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

                  "PURCHASER" means Page Three Funding LLC.

                  "PURCHASER PROPERTY" means the Receivables and Other Conveyed
Property, together with certain monies received after the related Cutoff Date,
the Receivables Insurance Policies, the Collection Account (including all
Eligible Investments therein and all proceeds therefrom), the Lockbox Account
and certain other rights under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "REALIZED LOSSES" means, with respect to any Receivable that
becomes a Liquidated Receivable, the excess of the Principal Balance of such
Liquidated Receivable over Net Liquidation Proceeds allocable to principal
thereof.

                  "RECEIVABLE" means each retail installment sale contract for a
Financed Vehicle which is listed on the Schedule of Receivables and all rights
and obligations thereunder, except for Receivables that shall have become
Purchased Receivables, and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include all
Related Receivables (other than Related Receivables that shall have become
Purchased Receivables).

                  "RECEIVABLE FILES" means the documents specified in SECTION
3.3(A) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "RECEIVABLES INSURANCE POLICY" means, with respect to a
Receivable, any insurance policy (including the insurance policies described in
SECTION 4.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement) benefiting the holder of the
Receivable providing loss or physical damage, credit life, credit accident,
health, credit disability, theft, mechanical breakdown or similar coverage with
respect to the Financed Vehicle or the Obligor, including without limitation any
GAP, vendor's single interest or other collateral protection insurance policy or
coverage;.

                  "RECORD DATE" means, with respect to a Settlement Date, the
close of business on the day immediately preceding such Settlement Date.

                  "REGISTRAR OF TITLES" means, with respect to any state, the
governmental agency or body responsible for the registration of, and the
issuance of certificates of title relating to, motor vehicles and liens thereon.

                  "RELATED RECEIVABLES" means, with respect to a Funding Date,
the Receivables listed on SCHEDULE A to the applicable Assignment executed and
delivered by the Seller with respect to such Funding Date.

                  "RELEASE REQUEST" has the meaning specified in SECTION 3.5 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "REPOSSESSED RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable with respect to
which the earliest of the following shall have occurred: (i) the date the
Financed Vehicle is actually repossessed and (ii) 30 days after the date the
Financed Vehicle is authorized for repossession.

                  "RESPONSIBLE OFFICER" means, in the case of the Trustee, the
chairman or vice-chairman of the board of directors, the chairman or
vice-chairman of the executive committee of the board of directors, the
president, vice-president, assistant vice-president or managing director, the
secretary, and assistant secretary or any other officer of the Trustee
customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above
designated officers and also means, with respect to a particular corporate trust
matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such
officer's knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject.

                  "RULE 144A INFORMATION" has the meaning set forth in SECTION
3.26 of the Indenture.


                                       65
<PAGE>

                   "SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT" means the Sale and Servicing
Agreement dated as of November 15, 2005, among the Page Three Funding LLC, as
Purchaser and Issuer, CPS, as Seller and Servicer, and Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as the same may be
amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

                  "SCHEDULED MATURITY DATE" means November 14, 2006 or such
later date as agreed upon pursuant to SECTION 2.05 of the Note Purchase
Agreement.

                  "SCHEDULED RECEIVABLE PAYMENT" means, with respect to any
Accrual Period for any Receivable, the amount set forth in such Receivable as
required to be paid by the Obligor in such Accrual Period. If after the Closing
Date, the Obligor's obligation under a Receivable with respect to an Accrual
Period has been modified so as to differ from the amount specified in such
Receivable (i) as a result of the order of a court in an insolvency proceeding
involving the Obligor, (ii) pursuant to the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, or
(iii) as a result of modifications or extensions of the Receivable permitted by
Section 4.2 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Scheduled Receivable
Payment with respect to such Accrual Period shall refer to the Obligor's payment
obligation with respect to such Accrual Period as so modified.

                  "SCHEDULE OF RECEIVABLES" means the schedule of all
Receivables purchased by the Purchaser pursuant to the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and each Assignment, which is attached as Schedule A to the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, as amended or supplemented from time to time upon each
Assignment of Receivables or in accordance with the terms of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

                  "SEASONED RECEIVABLE" shall mean an Eligible Receivable that
was sold to the Purchaser and pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchaser more than 31 days after the Seller's paid the
related Dealer for such Eligible Receivable.

                  "SEAWEST" means SeaWest Financial Corporation, a California
corporation.

         "SECTION 341 MEETING" means a meeting held pursuant to Section 341(a)
of the United States Bankruptcy Code (as the same may be amended from time to
time) in which an Obligor subject to a Insolvency Event under Chapter 7 of the
United States Bankruptcy Code has presented his/her plan to the bankruptcy court
and all of his/her creditors.

                  "SECTION 341 RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable, the Obligor of
which has completed a Section 341 Meeting as of the applicable Cutoff Date.

                  "SECURED OBLIGATIONS" means all amounts and obligations which
the Issuer or Purchaser may at any time owe under the Basic Documents to, or on
behalf of the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser and/or the Trustee for the benefit
of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser.

                  "SECURED PARTIES" means each of the Noteholders, the Note
Purchaser and the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note
Purchaser, in respect of the Secured Obligations.

                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                  "SELLER" means Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., and its
successors in interest to the extent permitted hereunder.

                  "SELLER'S CONTRACT PURCHASE GUIDELINES" means CPS's
established "Contract Purchase Guidelines", as the same may be amended from time
to time in accordance with Section 8.2(c) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "SERVICER" means, initially, Consumer Portfolio Services,
Inc., as the servicer of the Receivables, and each successor Servicer pursuant
to SECTION 10.3 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.


                                       66
<PAGE>

                  "SERVICER DELINQUENCY RATIO" means, as of the end of any
Accrual Period, a percentage equal to (i) the aggregate outstanding principal
balance as of the end of any Accrual Period of all automobile receivables
serviced by the Servicer or any Affiliate thereof (excluding automobile
receivables acquired or originated by MFN, TFC or SeaWest) as to which more than
10% of the scheduled receivable payment is more than 30 days contractually
delinquent as of the end of the immediately preceding Accrual Period, including
all receivables for which the related financed vehicle has been repossessed and
the proceeds thereof have not yet been realized by the Servicer divided by (ii)
the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all automobile receivables
serviced by the Servicer or any Affiliate thereof as of the end of the relevant
Accrual Period (excluding automobile receivables acquired or originated by MFN,
TFC or SeaWest).

                  "SERVICER EXTENSION NOTICE" has the meaning specified in
SECTION 4.15 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "SERVICER LOSS RATIO" means, as of any date, the average of
the loss ratios (expressed as a percentage) for the three Accrual Periods
immediately preceding such date, as computed based on the methodology set forth
in the Servicer's then most recent report on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, as
applicable, for calculation of net losses on automobile receivables originated
and serviced by the Servicer (excluding all automobile receivables originated or
acquired by MFN, TFC or SeaWest).

                  "SERVICER TERMINATION EVENT" means an event specified in
SECTION 10.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "SERVICER TERMINATION SIDE LETTER" means the Servicer
Termination Side Letter dated November 15, 2005, from the Note Purchaser to the
Servicer, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

                  "SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE" means a certificate completed and
executed by a Servicing Officer and delivered pursuant to SECTION 4.9 of the
Sale and Servicing Agreement, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT A to the Sale
and Servicing Agreement.

                  "SERVICING ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT" means the Servicing
Assumption Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2005, among Consumer Portfolio
Services, Inc., as Seller and Servicer, the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as
the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof.

                  "SERVICING FEE" has the meaning specified in SECTION 4.8 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "SERVICING FEE PERCENTAGE" means 2.50%, provided that if
Backup Servicer is the Servicer, the Servicing Fee Percentage shall be
determined in accordance with Servicing and Lockbox Processing Assumption
Agreement.

                  "SERVICING GUIDELINES" means CPS's established servicing
guidelines, as the same may be amended from time to time in accordance with
Section 9.1(k) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "SERVICING OFFICER" means any Person whose name appears on a
list of Servicing Officers delivered to the Trustee and the Note Purchaser, as
the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.

                  "SETTLEMENT DATE" means, with respect to each Accrual Period,
the 15th day of the following calendar month, or if such day is not a Business
Day, the immediately following Business Day, commencing on December 15, 2005.

                  "SIMPLE INTEREST METHOD" means the method of allocating a
fixed level payment between principal and interest, pursuant to which the
portion of such payment that is allocated to interest is equal to the product of
the APR multiplied by the unpaid balance multiplied by the period of time
(expressed as a fraction of a year, based on the actual number of days in the
calendar month and the actual number of days in the calendar year) elapsed since
the preceding payment of interest was made and the remainder of such payment is
allocable to principal.

                  "SIMPLE INTEREST RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable under which
the portion of the payment allocable to interest and the portion allocable to
principal is determined in accordance with the Simple Interest Method.


                                       67
<PAGE>

                  "STANDARD & POOR'S" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services,
a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., or its successor.

                  "STATE" means any one of the 50 states of the United States of
America or the District of Columbia.

                  "SUBSIDIARY" means, with respect to any Person, any
corporation, partnership, association or other business entity of which a
majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests
having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or their equivalent
is at the time owned by such Person directly or through one or more
Subsidiaries.

                  "TAXES" has the meaning set forth in SECTION 3.04 of the Note
Purchase Agreement.

                  "TERM" has the meaning set forth in SECTION 2.05 of the Note
Purchase Agreement.

                  "TERMINATION DATE" means the date on which the Trustee shall
have received payment and performance of all Secured Obligations and disbursed
such payments in accordance with the Basic Documents.

                  "TFC" means The Finance Company, Inc., a Virginia corporation.


                  "TRUST ESTATE" means all money, instruments, rights and other
property that are subject or intended to be subject to the lien and security
interest of the Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders (including all
Collateral Granted to the Trustee) and the Note Purchaser, including all
proceeds thereof.

                  "TRUST RECEIPT" means a trust receipt in substantially the
form of EXHIBIT B to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "TRUSTEE" means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a
national banking association, not in its individual capacity but as trustee
under the Indenture, or any successor trustee under the Indenture.

                  "TRUSTEE FEE" means (A) the fee payable to the Trustee on each
Settlement Date in an amount equal to the greater of $2,000 and (b) one-twelfth
of 0.04% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes on the first
day of the related Accrual Period, and (B) any other amounts payable to the
Trustee pursuant to the Fee Schedule, including Custodial Fees.

                  "UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the
relevant jurisdiction, as amended from time to time.


                                       68
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cps_10kex10-11.txt
<DESCRIPTION>INDENTURE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.11

         INDENTURE dated as of November 15, 2005, by and among PAGE THREE
FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "ISSUER") and WELLS FARGO
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as trustee (the
"TRUSTEE").

         Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other parties and
for the benefit of the Note Purchaser and each Holder of the Issuer's Variable
Funding Notes (the "NOTES"):

         To secure the payment of principal of and interest on, and any other
amounts owing in respect of the Notes and the other Secured Obligations, and to
secure compliance with this Indenture, the Issuer has agreed to pledge the
Collateral (as defined below) as collateral to the Trustee for the benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser.

         As security for the performance by the Issuer of the Secured
Obligations, the Issuer has agreed to assign the Collateral (as defined below)
as collateral to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note
Purchaser.

                                 GRANTING CLAUSE

         The Issuer hereby Grants to the Trustee on each Funding Date, as
Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, all right,
title and interest of the Issuer, whether now existing or hereafter arising, in
and to the following;

         (a) the Receivables listed in the Schedule of Receivables and each
Addition Notice;

         (b) all monies received under the Receivables after the related Cutoff
Date and all Net Liquidation Proceeds received with respect to the Receivables
on and after the related Cutoff Date;

         (c) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles and any accessions
thereto granted by Obligors pursuant to the related Contracts and any other
interest of the Issuer in such Financed Vehicles, including, without limitation,
the certificates of title or, with respect to such Financed Vehicles in the
States listed in Annex B to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, other evidence of
title issued by the applicable Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority
in such States, with respect to such Financed Vehicles;

         (d) any proceeds from claims on any Receivables Insurance Policies or
certificates relating to the Financed Vehicles securing the Receivables or the
Obligors thereunder;

         (e) all proceeds from recourse against Dealers with respect to the
Receivables and all other rights (but none of the obligations) of the Seller
under any agreements with Dealers;

         (f) refunds for the costs of extended service contracts with respect to
Financed Vehicles securing Receivables, refunds of unearned premiums with
respect to credit life and credit accident and health insurance policies or
certificates covering an Obligor or Financed Vehicle under a Receivable or his
or her obligations with respect to a Financed Vehicle and any recourse to
Dealers for any of the foregoing;

<PAGE>

         (g) the Receivable File related to each Receivable and all other
documents that the Issuer keeps on file in accordance with its customary
procedures relating to the Receivables, for Obligors of the Financed Vehicles;

         (h) all amounts and property from time to time held in or credited to
the Collection Account, the Note Distribution Account and the Lockbox Account;

         (i) all property (including the right to receive future Net Liquidation
Proceeds) that secures a Receivable that has been acquired by or on behalf of
the Seller, the Purchaser or the Issuer pursuant to a liquidation of such
Receivable;

         (j) all of the rights and benefits (but none of the obligations of the
Issuer) under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and all other Basic Documents,
including a direct right to cause the Seller to purchase Receivables from the
Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement under the circumstances
specified therein;

         (k) the Note Purchase Agreement (to the extent of the Issuer's rights
against, but not including any of its obligations to, the Servicer);

         (l) the proceeds from any Servicer's errors and omissions policy or
fidelity bond, to the extent that such proceeds relate to any Receivable,
Financed Vehicle or other Collateral; and

         (m) all present and future claims, demands, causes and choses in action
in respect of any or all of the foregoing and all payments on or under and all
proceeds of every kind and nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the
foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary,
into cash or other liquid property, all cash proceeds, accounts, accounts
receivable, notes, drafts, acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts,
insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, rights to payment of any and every kind
and other forms of obligations and receivables, instruments and other property
which at any time constitute all or part of or are included in the proceeds of
any of the foregoing (collectively, the property described in this Granting
Clause, the "COLLATERAL").

         The foregoing Grant is made in trust to the Trustee, for the benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, to secure the payment of principal of
and interest on, and any other amounts owing in respect of the Notes, to secure
the payment of all Secured Obligations and to secure compliance with this
Indenture. The Trustee hereby acknowledges such Grant, accepts the trusts under
this Indenture in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and agrees to
perform its duties as required in this Indenture.

                                   ARTICLE I

                   DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

         SECTION 1.1 DEFINITIONS.

         Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meanings assigned to them in Annex A to the Sale and Servicing
Agreement dated as of November 15, 2005 among the Issuer, the Seller, the
Servicer, the Purchaser, the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as the same may be
amended or supplemented from time to time (the "SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT").


                                       -2-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 1.2 [RESERVED].

         SECTION 1.3 OTHER DEFINITIONAL PROVISIONS.

         (i) All terms defined in this Indenture shall have the defined meanings
when used in any instrument governed hereby and in any certificate or other
document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein.

         (ii) Accounting terms used but not defined or partly defined in this
Indenture, in any instrument governed hereby or in any certificate or other
document made or delivered pursuant hereto, to the extent not defined, shall
have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP or any such instrument,
certificate or other document, as applicable. To the extent that the definitions
of accounting terms in this Indenture or in any such instrument, certificate or
other document are inconsistent with the meanings of such terms under GAAP, the
definitions contained in this Indenture or in any such instrument, certificate
or other document shall control.

         (iii) The words "HEREOF," "HEREIN," "HEREUNDER" and words of similar
import when used in this Indenture shall refer to this Indenture as a whole and
not to any particular provision of this Indenture.

         (iv) Section, Schedule and Exhibit references contained in this
Indenture are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to this
Indenture unless otherwise specified; and the term "INCLUDING" shall mean
"INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION."

         (v) The definitions contained in this Indenture are applicable to the
singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well
as to the feminine and neuter genders of such terms.

         (vi) Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein
or in any instrument or certificate delivered in connection herewith means such
agreement, instrument or statute as the same may from time to time be amended,
modified or supplemented and includes (in the case of agreements or instruments)
references to all attachments and instruments associated therewith; all
references to a Person include its permitted successors and assigns.

         (vii) The singular form of the terms "NOTE" and "NOTEHOLDER" shall not
preclude issuance of more than one Note or ownership of Notes by more than one
Noteholder. The singular forms of such terms shall also mean the plural forms of
such terms and the plural form of such terms shall also mean the singular form
thereof, in each case as the context requires.


                                       -3-
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE II

                                    THE NOTES

         SECTION 2.1 FORM. The Notes, together with the Trustee's certificate of
authentication, shall be in substantially the form set forth in EXHIBIT A, with
such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as
are required or permitted by this Indenture and may have such letters, numbers
or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed thereon
as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the officers executing the
Notes, as evidenced by their execution of the Notes. Any portion of the text of
the Notes may be set forth on the reverse thereof, with an appropriate reference
thereto on the face of the Notes. The Notes will be issued on the Closing Date
which Notes shall be subject to Advances and prepayments from time to time in
accordance with SECTION 2.11 and ARTICLE X, respectively.

         (a) The Notes shall be typewritten, printed, lithographed or engraved
or produced by any combination of these methods (with or without steel engraved
borders), all as determined by the officers executing the Notes, as evidenced by
their execution of the Notes.

         (b) The terms of the Notes set forth in EXHIBIT A are part of the terms
of this Indenture.

         SECTION 2.2 EXECUTION, AUTHENTICATION AND DELIVERY. The Notes shall be
executed on behalf of the Issuer by any of its Authorized Officers. The
signature of any such Authorized Officer on the Notes may be manual or
facsimile.

         (a) A Note bearing the manual or facsimile signature of individuals who
were at any time Authorized Officers of the Issuer shall bind the Issuer,
notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such
offices prior to the authentication and delivery of such Note or did not hold
such offices at the date of such Note.

         (b) The Trustee shall upon receipt of an Issuer Order for
authentication and delivery, authenticate and deliver the Notes for original
issue in an aggregate principal amount up to, but not in excess of, the Maximum
Invested Amount.

         (c) Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication.

         (d) No Note shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be
valid or obligatory for any purpose, unless there appears attached to such Note
a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein,
executed by the Trustee by the manual signature of one of its authorized
signatories, and such certificate attached to such Note shall be conclusive
evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note has been duly authenticated and
delivered hereunder.

         SECTION 2.3 [RESERVED]

         SECTION 2.4 REGISTRATION; REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE. The
Issuer shall cause the Trustee to keep a register (the "NOTE REGISTER") in
which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe and subject to
the provisions of Section 2.5, the Trustee shall provide for the registration of
the Notes, and the registration of transfers and exchanges of the Notes. The
Trustee shall be "NOTE REGISTRAR" for the purpose of registering the Notes and
transfers of the Notes as herein provided. Upon any resignation or removal of
any Note Registrar, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor.


                                       -4-
<PAGE>

         (a) If a Person other than the Trustee is appointed by the Issuer as
Note Registrar, such Person must be acceptable to the Note Purchaser and, in
addition, the Issuer will give the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the
Noteholders prompt written notice of the appointment of such Note Registrar
(once approved by the Note Purchaser) and of the location, and any change in the
location, of the Note Register, and the Trustee shall have the right to inspect
the Note Register at all reasonable times and to obtain copies thereof. The
Trustee shall have the right to conclusively rely upon a certificate executed on
behalf of the Note Registrar by an Executive Officer thereof as to the name and
address of each Holder of the Note and the Percentage Interest and number of
each Note.

         (b) Subject to SECTION 2.5 hereof, upon surrender for registration of
transfer of a Note at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained as
provided in SECTION 3.2, if the requirements of Section 8-401(a) of the UCC are
met, the Trustee shall have the Issuer execute and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or
transferees, one or more new Notes in the minimum Percentage Interest of 1%
representing in the aggregate the Percentage Interest on the face of the Note to
be transferred.

         (c) At the option of a Holder, a Note may be exchanged for another Note
in any authorized Percentage Interest, of the same class and a like aggregate
Percentage Interest, upon surrender of the Note to be exchanged at such office
or agency. Whenever a Note is so surrendered for exchange, subject to SECTION
2.5 hereof, if the requirements of Section 8-401(a) of the UCC are met, the
Issuer shall execute, and upon request by the Issuer the Trustee shall
authenticate, and the Noteholder shall obtain from the Trustee, the Note which
the Noteholder making the exchange is entitled to receive.

         (d) The Note or Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or
exchange of a Note shall be the valid obligation of the Issuer, evidencing, in
the aggregate, the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this
Indenture, as the Note surrendered upon such registration of transfer or
exchange.

         (e) Every Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or
exchange shall be (i) duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written assignment
in substantially the form attached to EXHIBIT A duly executed by, the Holder
thereof or such Holder's attorney, duly authorized in writing, with such
signature guaranteed by an "ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION" meeting the
requirements of the Note Registrar which requirements include membership or
participation in Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program ("STAMP") or such
other "SIGNATURE GUARANTEE PROGRAM" as may be determined by the Note Registrar
in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (ii) accompanied by such other
documents as the Trustee may require.

         (f) No service charge shall be made to a Holder for any registration of
transfer or exchange of a Note, but the Note Registrar may require payment of a
sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed
in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of a Note, other
than exchanges pursuant to SECTION 9.6 not involving any transfer.


                                      -5-
<PAGE>

         (g) The preceding provisions of this SECTION 2.4 notwithstanding, the
Issuer shall not be required to make and the Note Registrar shall not register
transfers or exchanges of a Note selected for redemption or of any Note for a
period of two (2) Business Days preceding the due date for any payment with
respect to such Note.

         SECTION 2.5 RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE.

         (a) No transfer of a Note shall be made unless the transferor thereof
has provided a representation letter substantially in the form of EXHIBIT B that
such transfer is (i) to the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer, or (ii) in
compliance with Section 2.5(b) hereof, to a qualified institutional buyer (as
defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in a transaction meeting the
requirements of Rule 144A under the Securities Act, or (iii) in compliance with
Section 2.5(c) hereof, (A) to an institutional investor that is an "ACCREDITED
INVESTOR" as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D
promulgated under the Securities Act, or (iv) in a transaction complying with or
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States
or any other jurisdiction; PROVIDED, that (except with respect to the transfer
of the Note or Advance made by the Noteholder), in the case of CLAUSES (IV) the
Trustee or the Issuer may require an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such
transfer may be effected without registration under the Securities Act, which
Opinion of Counsel, if so required, shall be addressed to the Issuer and the
Trustee and shall be secured at the expense of the Holder. Each prospective
purchaser by its acquisition of a Note, acknowledges that such Note will contain
a legend substantially to the effect set forth in SECTION 2.5(E) (unless the
Issuer determines otherwise in accordance with applicable law).

         Any transfer or exchange of a Note to a proposed transferee shall be
conducted in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.4, and shall be
contingent upon receipt by the Note Registrar of (A) such Note properly endorsed
for assignment or transfer, (B) written instruction from such transferring
Holder directing the Note Registrar to cause the transfer to such transferees,
in such Percentage Interests (not to exceed the Percentage Interest on the face
of the Note to be transferred) as the transferring Holder shall specify in such
instructions; and (C) such certificates or signatures as may be required under
such Note or this Section 2.5, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Note Registrar. The Note Registrar shall cause any such transfers and
related cancellations or increases and related reductions, as applicable, to be
properly recorded in its books in accordance with the requirements of Section
2.4.

         (b) If a Note is sold to a "qualified institutional buyer" as defined
in Rule 144A of the Securities Act purchasing for its own account or for the
account of another "qualified institutional buyer," such Note shall be issued as
a certificated Note in definitive, fully registered form without interest
coupons with the applicable legends set forth in the form of the Note registered
in the name of the beneficial owner or a nominee thereof, duly executed by the
Issuer and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided. Any transfer to
an "qualified institutional buyer" is expressly conditioned upon the requirement
that such transferee shall deliver a representation letter in the form of
EXHIBIT C.


                                      -6-
<PAGE>

         (c) If the Note is sold in the United States to U.S. Persons under
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act to institutional "ACCREDITED INVESTORS" (as
defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act), it shall
be issued in the form of certificated Note in definitive, fully registered form
without interest coupons with the applicable legends set forth in the form of
the Note registered in the name of the beneficial owner or a nominee thereof,
duly executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter
provided. Any transfer to an institutional "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" is expressly
conditioned upon the requirement that such transferee shall deliver a
representation letter in the form of EXHIBIT D.

         (d) The Note Registrar shall not register any transfer or exchange of
any Note to the extent that upon such transfer or exchange there would be more
than four (4) Noteholders then reflected on the Note Register.

         (e) Unless the Issuer determines otherwise in accordance with
applicable law, each Note shall have the following legend:

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR "BLUE
SKY" LAWS AND MAY BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED ONLY TO (I) THE ISSUER (UPON
REDEMPTION THEREOF OR OTHERWISE) OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER (AS CERTIFIED BY
THE ISSUER) OR (2) AN INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR THAT IS AN "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" AS
DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE, SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED
IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR
ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY
OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ALSO ARE INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS
UNLESS THE HOLDER IS A BANK ACTING IN ITS FIDUCIARY CAPACITY) (3) SO LONG AS
THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT,
IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A TO A PERSON THAT EXECUTES
A CERTIFICATE, SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE
EFFECT THAT SUCH PERSON IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE
144A), ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH
OTHERS ALSO ARE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE
SALE, PLEDGE, OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, OR (4) IN A
TRANSACTION OTHERWISE EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT, APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR
ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, IN EACH SUCH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE INDENTURE AND
ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER
JURISDICTION: PROVIDED, THAT, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (4), THE TRUSTEE OR THE
ISSUER MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE
EFFECTED WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, WHICH OPINION OF
COUNSEL, IF SO REQUIRED, SHALL BE ADDRESSED TO THE ISSUER AND THE TRUSTEE AND
SHALL BE SECURED AT THE EXPENSE OF THE HOLDER. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO
THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR RESALES OF THIS
NOTE.


                                      -7-
<PAGE>

THE NOTE REGISTRAR SHALL NOT REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE OF THIS NOTE TO
THE EXTENT THAT UPON SUCH TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE THERE WOULD BE MORE THAN FOUR (4)
NOTEHOLDERS THEN REFLECTED ON THE NOTE REGISTER.

         SECTION 2.6 MUTILATED, DESTROYED, LOST OR STOLEN NOTE. If (i) any
mutilated Note is surrendered to the Trustee, or the Trustee receives evidence
to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note, and (ii)
there is delivered to the Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required
by it to hold the Issuer and the Trustee harmless, then, in the absence of
notice to the Issuer, the Note Registrar or the Trustee that such Note has been
acquired by a protected purchaser, and, provided that the requirements of
Section 8-405 and 8-406 of the UCC are met, the Issuer shall execute, and upon
request by the Issuer, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange
for or in lieu of any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a
replacement Note; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if any such destroyed, lost or stolen
Note, but not a mutilated Note, shall have become, or within seven days shall
be, due and payable or shall have been called for redemption, instead of issuing
a replacement Note, the Issuer may direct the Trustee, in writing, to pay such
destroyed, lost or stolen Note when so due or payable without surrender thereof.
If, after the delivery of such replacement Note or payment of a destroyed, lost
or stolen Note pursuant to the preceding sentence, a protected purchaser of the
original Note in lieu of which such replacement Note was issued, presents for
payment such original Note, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to
recover such replacement Note (or such payment) from the Person to whom it was
delivered or any assignee of such Person, except a protected purchaser, and
shall be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided therefor to
the extent of any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred by the Issuer or the
Trustee in connection therewith.

         (a) Upon the issuance of any replacement Note under this Section, the
Issuer may require the payment by the Holder of such Note of a sum sufficient to
cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation
thereto and any other reasonable expenses (including the fees and expenses of
the Trustee) connected therewith.

         (b) Every replacement Note issued pursuant to this Section in
replacement of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an
original additional contractual obligation of the Issuer, whether or not the
mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be at any time enforceable by
anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and
proportionately with the Notes duly issued hereunder.

         (c) The provisions of this Section are exclusive and shall preclude (to
the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement
or payment of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note.

         SECTION 2.7 PERSONS DEEMED OWNER. Prior to due presentment for
registration of transfer of any Note, the Trustee and any agent of the Trustee
may treat the Person in whose name such Note is registered (as of the applicable
Record Date) as the owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payments of
principal of and interest, if any, on such Note, for all other purposes
whatsoever and whether or not such Note be overdue, and none of the Trustee or
any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be affected by notice to the
contrary.


                                      -8-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 2.8 PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST; DEFAULTED INTEREST.

         (a) The Notes shall accrue interest as provided in the form of Note set
forth in EXHIBIT A, and such interest shall be due and payable on each
Settlement Date, as specified therein. Any installment of interest or principal,
if any, payable on any Note which is punctually paid or duly provided for by the
Issuer on the applicable Settlement Date shall be paid to the Person in whose
name such Note is registered on the Record Date, either (i) by wire transfer in
immediately available funds to such Person's account as it appears on the Note
Register on such Record Date if (A) such Noteholder has provided to the Note
Registrar appropriate written instructions at least five Business Days prior to
such Settlement Date and such Holder's Note in the aggregate evidence a
Percentage Interest of not less than 1% or (B) such Noteholder is the Seller, or
an Affiliate thereof, or if not, (ii) by check mailed to such Noteholder at the
address of such Noteholder appearing on the Note Register, except for the final
installment of principal payable with respect to such Note on a Settlement Date
or on the Facility Termination Date, which shall be payable as provided below.

         (b) The outstanding principal balance of the Notes and all accrued and
unpaid interest thereon shall be payable in full by the Facility Termination
Date and otherwise as provided in Section 3.1, the form of Note attached hereto
as EXHIBIT A, and the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The principal amount
outstanding under any Note at any time shall be equal to the product of the
Percentage Interest represented by such Note and the then outstanding Invested
Amount. All principal payments on the Notes shall be made pro rata to the
Noteholders entitled thereto based on their respective Percentage Interests.
Upon written notice from the Issuer, the Trustee shall notify the Person in
whose name a Note is registered at the close of business on the Record Date
preceding the Settlement Date on which the Issuer expects that the final
installment of principal of and interest on such Note will be paid. Such notice
shall be transmitted by facsimile prior to such final Settlement Date and shall
specify that such final installment will be payable only upon presentation and
surrender of such Note and shall specify the place where such Note may be
presented and surrendered for payment of such installment.

         (c) If the Issuer defaults in any payment of interest on a Note, the
Issuer shall pay defaulted interest (plus interest on such defaulted interest to
the extent lawful) at the Note Interest Rate then in effect (calculated for this
purpose using the Default Applicable Margin) in any lawful manner. The Issuer
shall pay such defaulted interest to the Noteholders on the immediately
following Settlement Date. At least three (3) days before any such Settlement
Date, the Issuer shall mail to the Noteholders and the Trustee a notice that
states the Settlement Date and the amount of defaulted interest to be paid.

         SECTION 2.9 CANCELLATION. Any Note surrendered for payment,
registration of transfer, exchange or redemption shall, if surrendered to any
Person other than the Trustee, be delivered to the Trustee and shall be promptly
canceled by the Trustee. The Issuer may at any time deliver to the Trustee for
cancellation any Note previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the
Issuer may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and the Note so delivered
shall be promptly canceled by the Trustee. No Note shall be authenticated in


                                      -9-
<PAGE>

lieu of or in exchange for any Note canceled as provided in this Section, except
as expressly permitted by this Indenture. A canceled Note may be held or
disposed of by the Trustee in accordance with its standard retention or disposal
policy as in effect at the time unless the Issuer shall direct by an Issuer
Order that they be destroyed or returned to it; PROVIDED that such Issuer Order
is timely and such Note has not been previously disposed of by the Trustee.

         SECTION 2.10 RELEASE OF COLLATERAL. Subject to the terms of the other
Basic Documents and SECTIONS 10.1 and 11.1, the Trustee shall, on or after the
Termination Date, release any remaining portion of the Trust Estate from the
lien created by this Indenture and deposit in the Collection Account any funds
then on deposit in any other Pledged Account. In addition, the Trustee shall
release Ineligible Receivables from the lien created by this Indenture upon any
dividend of such Ineligible Receivables that is permitted under Section 5.10 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Trustee shall release property from the
lien created by this Indenture pursuant to this SECTION 2.10 only upon receipt
of an Issuer Request accompanied by an Officer's Certificate meeting the
applicable requirements of SECTION 11.1.

         SECTION 2.11 AMOUNT LIMITED; ADVANCES.

         The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes that may be
authenticated and delivered and Outstanding at any time under this Indenture
(except for Notes authenticated and delivered pursuant to SECTION 2.6 in
replacement for destroyed, lost or stolen Notes) is limited to the Maximum
Invested Amount.

         On each Business Day prior to the Facility Termination Date that is a
Funding Date, and upon the satisfaction of all conditions precedent to (a) the
funding of an Advance and (b) the purchase of Receivables, in each case as set
forth in Section 2.1(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and Section 6.02
and Section 6.03 of the Note Purchase Agreement, the Issuer shall be entitled to
borrow additional funds pursuant to an Advance made by the Note Purchaser on
such Funding Date, in accordance with Section 2.02 and Section 2.03 of the Note
Purchase Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Advance Amount
(subject to the Maximum Invested Amount) with respect to such Funding Date. Each
request by the Issuer for an Advance shall include a certification by the Issuer
as to the satisfaction of the conditions specified in the previous sentence.

         The aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes may be
increased (subject to the Maximum Invested Amount) through the funding of the
Advances. Each Advance and corresponding Advance Amount shall be recorded by the
Note Purchaser, and the Note Purchaser's record (which may be in electronic or
other form in the Note Purchaser's reasonable discretion) shall show all Advance
Amounts and prepayments. Absent manifest error, such record of the Note
Purchaser shall be dispositive with respect to the determination of the
outstanding principal amount of the Notes. The Notes (i) can be funded by
Advances on any Funding Date in a minimum amount of $2,000,000 and any higher
amount (subject to the Maximum Invested Amount), and (ii) subject to subsequent
Advances pursuant to this SECTION 2.11, are subject to prepayment in whole or in
part, at the option of the Issuer as provided in ARTICLE X herein. In addition,
and independent of optional prepayments pursuant to ARTICLE X, in the event that
an Borrowing Base Deficiency exists on any date of determination as determined
by the Note Purchaser in its sole discretion, the Issuer shall on the same
Business Day of the receipt of notice from the Note Purchaser (or if notice is
received after 10:01 a.m. New York time, then on the next Business Day), prepay
the Invested Amount by an amount equal to such Borrowing Base Deficiency by
paying such amount to or at the direction of the Note Purchaser.


                                      -10-
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE III
                                    COVENANTS

         SECTION 3.1 PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST. The Issuer will duly and
punctually pay the principal of and interest on the Notes in accordance with the
terms of the Notes and this Indenture. Without limiting the foregoing, the
Issuer will cause to be distributed on each Settlement Date all amounts
deposited in the Note Distribution Account pursuant to the Sale and Servicing
Agreement to the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser. Amounts properly withheld
under the Code by the Trustee from a payment to the Noteholders of interest
and/or principal shall be considered as having been paid by the Issuer to the
Noteholders for all purposes of this Indenture.

         SECTION 3.2 MAINTENANCE OF OFFICE OR AGENCY. The Issuer will maintain
in Minneapolis, Minnesota, an office or agency where the Notes may be
surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, and where notices and
demands to or upon the Issuer in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be
served. The Issuer hereby initially appoints the Trustee to serve as its agent
for the foregoing purposes. The Issuer will give prompt written notice to the
Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders of the location, and of any
change in the location, of any such office or agency. If at any time the Issuer
shall fail to maintain any such office or agency or shall fail to furnish the
Trustee with the address thereof, such surrenders, notices and demands may be
made or served at the Corporate Trust Office, and the Issuer hereby appoints the
Trustee as its agent to receive all such surrenders, notices and demands.

         SECTION 3.3 MONEY FOR PAYMENTS TO BE HELD IN TRUST. On or before each
Settlement Date, the Trustee shall deposit or cause to be deposited in the Note
Distribution Account from the Collection Account an aggregate sum sufficient to
pay the amounts then becoming due under the Note, such sum to be held in trust
for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto. Except as provided in SECTION
3.3(C) hereof, all payments of amounts due and payable with respect to the Notes
that are to be made from amounts withdrawn from the Note Distribution Account
shall be made on behalf of the Issuer by the Trustee or by the Note Paying
Agent, and no amounts so withdrawn from the Note Distribution Account for
payment of the Notes shall be paid to the Issuer.

         (a) The Issuer shall cause each Note Paying Agent other than the
Trustee to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such Note
Paying Agent shall agree with the Trustee (and if the Trustee acts as Note
Paying Agent, it hereby so agrees), subject to the provisions of this Section,
that such Note Paying Agent shall:


                                      -11-
<PAGE>

                  (i) hold all sums held by it for the payment of amounts due
         with respect to the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Persons
         entitled thereto until such sums shall be paid to such Persons or
         otherwise disposed of as herein provided and pay such sums to such
         Persons as herein provided;

                  (ii) give the Trustee notice of any default by the Issuer (or
         any other obligor upon the Note) of which it has actual knowledge in
         the making of any payment required to be made with respect to the Note;

                  (iii) at any time during the continuance of any such default,
         upon the written request of the Trustee, forthwith pay to the Trustee
         all sums so held in trust by such Note Paying Agent;

                  (iv) immediately resign as a Note Paying Agent and forthwith
         pay to the Trustee all sums held by it in trust for the payment of the
         Notes if at any time it ceases to meet the standards required to be met
         by a Note Paying Agent at the time of its appointment; and

                  (v) comply with all requirements of the Code with respect to
         the withholding from any payments made by it on the Notes of any
         applicable withholding taxes imposed thereon and with respect to any
         applicable reporting requirements in connection therewith.

         (b) The Issuer may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, by Issuer
Order direct any Note Paying Agent to pay to the Trustee all sums held in trust
by such Note Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Trustee upon the same
trusts as those upon which the sums were held by such Note Paying Agent; and
upon such a payment by any Note Paying Agent to the Trustee, such Note Paying
Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money.

         (c) Subject to applicable laws with respect to the escheat of funds,
any money held by the Trustee or any Note Paying Agent in trust for the payment
of any amount due with respect to the Notes and remaining unclaimed for two
years after such amount has become due and payable shall be discharged from such
trust and be paid to the Issuer on Issuer Request and shall be deposited by the
Trustee in the Collection Account; and the Noteholders shall thereafter, as
unsecured general creditors, look only to the Issuer for payment thereof (but
only to the extent of the amounts so paid to the Issuer), and all liability of
the Trustee or such Note Paying Agent with respect to such trust money shall
thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Trustee or such Note Paying Agent,
before being required to make any such repayment, shall at the expense of the
Issuer cause to be published once, in a newspaper published in the English
language, customarily published on each Business Day and of general circulation
in the City of New York, notice that such money remains unclaimed and that,
after a date specified therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the
date of such publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then remaining
will be repaid to the Issuer. The Trustee shall also adopt and employ, at the
expense of the Issuer, any other reasonable means of notification of such
repayment (including, but not limited to, mailing notice of such repayment to
the Holder whose Notes have been called but have not been surrendered for
redemption or whose right to or interest in moneys due and payable but not
claimed is determinable from the records of the Trustee or of any Note Paying
Agent, at the last address of record for each such Holder).


                                      -12-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 3.4 EXISTENCE. Except as otherwise permitted by the provisions
of SECTION 3.10, the Issuer will keep in full effect its existence, rights and
franchises as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of
Delaware (unless it becomes, or any successor Issuer hereunder is or becomes,
organized under the laws of any other state or of the United States of America,
in which case the Issuer will keep in full effect its existence, rights and
franchises under the laws of such other jurisdiction) and will obtain and
preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such
qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and
enforceability of this Indenture, the Note, the Collateral and each other
instrument or agreement included in the Trust Estate.

         SECTION 3.5 PROTECTION OF TRUST ESTATE. The Issuer intends the security
interest Granted pursuant to this Indenture in favor of the Trustee, for the
benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, to be prior to all other
liens in respect of the Trust Estate, and the Issuer shall take all actions
necessary to obtain and maintain, in favor of the Trustee, for the benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, a first lien on and a first priority,
perfected security interest in the Trust Estate. The Issuer will from time to
time prepare (or shall cause to be prepared), execute and deliver all such
supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing statements,
continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other instruments,
and will take such other action necessary or advisable to:

                  (i) Grant more effectively all or any portion of the Trust
         Estate;

                  (ii) maintain or preserve the lien and security interest (and
         the priority thereof) in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the
         Noteholders and the Note Purchaser created by this Indenture or carry
         out more effectively the purposes hereof;

                  (iii) perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of
         any Grant made or to be made by this Indenture;

                  (iv) enforce any of the Collateral;

                  (v) preserve and defend title to the Trust Estate and the
         rights of the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser in such
         Trust Estate against the claims of all persons and parties; and

                  (vi) pay all taxes or assessments levied or assessed upon the
         Trust Estate when due.

         The Issuer hereby designates the Trustee its agent and attorney-in-fact
to execute any financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument
required by the Trustee pursuant to this Section.

         Subject to Section 4.5 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Issuer
hereby authorizes the Note Purchaser, the Trustee and their respective agents to
file such financing statements and continuation statements and take such other
actions as the Note Purchaser or the Trustee may deem advisable in connection
with the security interest granted by the Issuer under the Indenture to the
extent permitted by applicable law. Any such financing statements and
continuation statements shall be prepared by the Issuer.


                                      -13-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 3.6 OPINIONS AS TO TRUST ESTATE.

         (a) On the Closing Date, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee an
Opinion of Counsel either stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, such
action has been taken with respect to the recording and filing of this
Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto, and any other requisite
documents, and with respect to the execution and filing of any financing
statements and continuation statements, as are necessary to perfect and make
effective the first priority lien and security interest in favor of the Trustee,
for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, created by this
Indenture in the Receivables and such other items of Collateral that the Note
Purchaser may reasonably request be the subject of such opinion (the "Opinion
Collateral") and reciting the details of such action, or stating that, in the
opinion of such counsel, no such action is necessary to make such lien and
security interest effective.

         (b) Within 90 days after the beginning of each calendar year, beginning
in 2006, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee and the Note Purchaser an
Opinion of Counsel either stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, such
action has been taken with respect to the recording, filing, re-recording and
refiling of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto and any other
requisite documents and with respect to the execution and filing of any
financing statements and continuation statements as are necessary to maintain
the lien and security interest created by this Indenture in the Receivables and
reciting the details of such action or stating that in the opinion of such
counsel no such action is necessary to maintain such lien and security interest.
Such Opinion of Counsel shall also describe any action necessary (as of the date
of such opinion) to be taken in the following year to maintain the lien and
security interest of this Indenture in the Receivables.

         SECTION 3.7 PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS; SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES. The
Issuer will not take any action and will use its best efforts not to permit any
action to be taken by others that would release any Person from any of such
Person's material covenants or obligations under any instrument or agreement
included in the Trust Estate or that would result in the amendment,
hypothecation, subordination, termination or discharge of or impair the validity
or effectiveness of, any such instrument or agreement, except as ordered by any
bankruptcy or other court or as expressly provided in this Indenture, the other
Basic Documents or such other instrument or agreement.

         (a) The Issuer may contract with other Persons to assist it in
performing its duties under this Indenture, and any performance of such duties
by a Person identified to the Trustee in an Officer's Certificate of the Issuer
shall be deemed to be action taken by the Issuer. Initially, the Issuer has
contracted with the Servicer to assist the Issuer in performing its duties under
this Indenture.

         (b) The Issuer will punctually perform and observe all of its
obligations and agreements contained in this Indenture, the other Basic
Documents and in the instruments and agreements included in the Trust Estate,
including but not limited to preparing (or causing to be prepared) and filing
(or causing to be filed) all UCC financing statements and continuation
statements required to be filed by the terms of this Indenture and the Sale and
Servicing Agreement in accordance with and within the time periods provided for
herein and therein. Except as otherwise expressly provided therein, the Issuer
shall not waive, amend, modify, supplement or terminate any Basic Document or
any provision thereof without the prior written consent of the Note Purchaser
and the Majority Noteholders.


                                      -14-
<PAGE>

         (c) If a responsible officer of the Issuer shall have written notice or
actual knowledge of the occurrence of a Default, an Event of Default, a Servicer
Termination Event or Funding Termination Event under the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, the Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and
the Noteholders thereof in accordance with SECTION 11.4, and shall specify in
such notice the action, if any, the Issuer is taking in respect of such default.
If a Servicer Termination Event or Funding Termination Event shall arise from
the failure of the Servicer to perform any of its duties or obligations under
the Sale and Servicing Agreement with respect to the Receivables, the Issuer
shall take all reasonable steps available to it to remedy such failure.

         (d) The Issuer agrees that it shall not have any right to waive, and
shall not waive, timely performance or observance by the Servicer or the Seller
of their respective duties under the Basic Documents without the prior written
consent of the Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders.

         SECTION 3.8 NEGATIVE COVENANTS. So long as any Note is Outstanding, the
Issuer shall not:

                  (i) except as expressly permitted by this Indenture or the
         other Basic Documents, sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of
         any of the properties or assets of the Issuer, including those included
         in the Trust Estate, unless directed to do so by the Majority
         Noteholders and the Note Purchaser or the Majority Noteholders and the
         Note Purchaser have approved such disposition;

                  (ii) claim any credit on, or make any deduction from the
         principal or interest payable in respect of, the Notes (other than
         amounts properly withheld from such payments under the Code) or assert
         any claim against the Note Purchaser or any present or former
         Noteholders by reason of the payment of the taxes levied or assessed
         upon any part of the Trust Estate; or

                  (iii) (A) permit the validity or effectiveness of this
         Indenture to be impaired, or permit the lien in favor of the Trustee
         for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser created by
         this Indenture to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or
         discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or
         obligations under this Indenture or any other Basic Document except as
         may be expressly permitted hereby or thereby, (B) permit any lien,
         charge, excise, claim, security interest, mortgage or other encumbrance
         (other than the lien of this Indenture) to be created on or extend to
         or otherwise arise upon or burden the Trust Estate, any Collateral or
         any part thereof or any interest therein or the proceeds thereof (other
         than tax liens, mechanics' liens and other liens that arise by
         operation of law, in each case on a Financed Vehicle and arising solely
         as a result of an action or omission of the related Obligor), (C)
         permit the lien of this Indenture not to constitute a valid first
         priority (other than with respect to any such tax, mechanics' or other
         lien) perfected security interest in the Trust Estate or any Collateral
         or (D) amend, modify or fail to comply with the provisions of any of
         the Basic Documents without the prior written consent of the Note
         Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders.


                                      -15-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 3.9 ANNUAL STATEMENT AS TO COMPLIANCE. The Issuer will deliver
to the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser on or before March 31 of
each year, beginning March 31, 2006 an Officer's Certificate, dated as of
December 31 of the preceding year, stating, as to the Authorized Officer signing
such Officer's Certificate, that:

                  (i) a review of the activities of the Issuer during the
         preceding year (or portion of such year from the initial Funding Date
         through December 31, 2005) and of performance under this Indenture has
         been made under such Authorized Officer's supervision; and

                  (ii) to the best of such Authorized Officer's knowledge, based
         on such review, the Issuer has complied with all conditions and
         covenants under this Indenture throughout such year (or portion of such
         year from the initial Funding Date through December 31, 2005) and no
         event has occurred and is continuing which is, or after notice or lapse
         of time or both would become, an Event of Default, or, if there has
         been a default in the compliance of any such condition or covenant,
         specifying each such default known to such Authorized Officer and the
         nature and status thereof.

         SECTION 3.10 ISSUER MAY CONSOLIDATE, ETC. ONLY WITH CONSENT. The Issuer
shall not consolidate or merge with or into any other Person, or convey or
transfer all or substantially all of its properties to any Person without the
prior written consent of the Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders.

         SECTION 3.11 SUCCESSOR OR TRANSFEREE. Upon any consolidation or merger
of the Issuer with the prior written consent of the Note Purchaser and the
Majority Noteholders in accordance with SECTION 3.10, the Person formed by or
surviving such consolidation or merger (if other than the Issuer) shall succeed
to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, and be
obligated to meet the requirements of the Issuer under this Indenture and the
other Basic Documents with the same effect as if such Person had been named as
the Issuer herein.

                  (b) Upon a conveyance or transfer of all the assets and
         properties of the Issuer with the prior written consent of the Note
         Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders in accordance with SECTION 3.10,
         the Issuer will be released from every covenant and agreement of this
         Indenture to be observed or performed on the part of the Issuer with
         respect to the Notes immediately upon the delivery of written notice to
         the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders stating that the
         Issuer is to be so released.

         SECTION 3.12 NO OTHER BUSINESS. The Issuer shall not engage in any
business other than financing, purchasing, owning, selling and managing the
Related Receivables in the manner contemplated by this Indenture and the other
Basic Documents and activities incidental thereto. After the Facility
Termination Date, the Issuer shall not purchase any additional Receivables.


                                      -16-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 3.13 NO BORROWING. The Issuer shall not issue, incur, assume,
guarantee or otherwise become liable, directly or indirectly, for any
Indebtedness except for (i) the Note, and (ii) any other Indebtedness permitted
by or arising under the Basic Documents. The proceeds of the Notes shall be used
solely to fund the Issuer's purchase of the Related Receivables and the other
assets specified in the Sale and Servicing Agreement and to pay the Issuer's
organizational, transactional and start-up expenses.

         SECTION 3.14 SERVICER'S OBLIGATIONS. The Issuer shall cause the
Servicer to comply with Sections 4.9, 4.10, 4.11 and 5.9 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

         SECTION 3.15 GUARANTEES, LOANS, ADVANCES AND OTHER LIABILITIES. Except
as contemplated by the Sale and Servicing Agreement, this Indenture or the other
Basic Documents, the Issuer shall not make any loan or advance or credit to, or
guarantee (directly or indirectly or by an instrument having the effect of
assuring another's payment or performance on any obligation or capability of so
doing or otherwise), endorse or otherwise become contingently liable, directly
or indirectly, in connection with the obligations, stocks or dividends of, or
own, purchase, repurchase or acquire (or agree contingently to do so) any stock,
obligations, assets or securities of, or any other interest in, or make any
capital contribution to, any other Person.

         SECTION 3.16 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. The Issuer shall not make any
expenditure (by long-term or operating lease or otherwise) for capital assets
(either realty or personalty).

         SECTION 3.17 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. The Issuer shall comply with the
requirements of all applicable laws, including, without limitation, Consumer
Laws.

         SECTION 3.18 RESTRICTED PAYMENTS. The Issuer shall not, directly or
indirectly, (i) pay any dividend or make any distribution (by reduction of
capital or otherwise), whether in cash, property, securities or a combination
thereof, to any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or otherwise with
respect to any ownership or equity interest or security in or of the Issuer,
(ii) redeem, purchase, retire or otherwise acquire for value any such ownership
or equity interest or security or (iii) set aside or otherwise segregate any
amounts for any such purpose; provided, however, that the Issuer may make, or
cause to be made, distributions to the Trustee and to any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer as permitted by, and to the extent funds are available
for such purpose from distributions under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The
Issuer will not, directly or indirectly, make payments to or distributions from
the Collection Account and the other Pledged Accounts except in accordance with
this Indenture and the Basic Documents.

         SECTION 3.19 NOTICE OF EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND FUNDING TERMINATION
EVENTS. Upon a responsible officer of the Issuer having notice or actual
knowledge thereof, the Issuer agrees to give each of the Trustee, the Note
Purchaser and the Noteholders prompt written notice of each Event of Default
hereunder and each Funding Termination Event, Servicer Termination Event or
other Default on the part of the Issuer, the Servicer, the Purchaser or the
Seller of its obligations under any Basic Document.


                                      -17-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 3.20 FURTHER INSTRUMENTS AND ACTS. Upon request of the Trustee,
the Note Purchaser or the Majority Noteholders, the Issuer will execute and
deliver such further instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably
necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purpose of this Indenture.

         SECTION 3.21 AMENDMENTS OF SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT. The Issuer
shall not agree to any amendment to Section 11.1 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement to eliminate the requirements thereunder that the Trustee, the Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders consent to amendments thereto as provided
therein.

         SECTION 3.22 INCOME TAX CHARACTERIZATION. It is the intent of the
Issuer and the Noteholders that, for Federal, state and local income and
franchise tax purposes, the Notes will evidence indebtedness of the Issuer
secured by the Collateral. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, agrees
to treat such Note for Federal, state and local income and franchise tax
purposes as indebtedness of the Issuer.

         SECTION 3.23 SEPARATE EXISTENCE OF THE ISSUER. During the term of the
Indenture, the Issuer shall observe and comply with the applicable legal
requirements for the recognition of the Issuer as a legal entity separate and
apart from its Affiliates, including without limitation, those requirements set
forth in Section 9(b) of the Issuer's Limited Liability Company Agreement.

         SECTION 3.24 AMENDMENT OF ISSUER'S ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS. During the
term of the Indenture, the Issuer shall not amend its Limited Liability Company
Agreement except in accordance with the provisions thereof and with the prior
written consent of the Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders.

         SECTION 3.25 OTHER AGREEMENTS. The Issuer shall not enter into any
agreement that does not contain non-petition or limited recourse language
acceptable to the Note Purchaser with respect to the Issuer.

         SECTION 3.26 RULE 144A INFORMATION. At any time when the Issuer is not
subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, upon the request of a Noteholder, the Issuer shall promptly furnish to
such Noteholder or to a prospective purchaser of a Note designated by such
Noteholder, as the case may be, the information required to be delivered
pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A Information")
in order to permit compliance by such Noteholder with Rule 144A in connection
with the resale of a Note by such Noteholder; provided, however, that the Issuer
shall not be required to furnish Rule 144A Information in connection with any
request made on or after the date which is three years from the later of (i) the
most recent renewal of the term of the Commitment pursuant to Section 2.05 of
the Note Purchase Agreement, (ii) the date such Note (or any predecessor Note)
was acquired from the Issuer or (iii) the date such Note (or any predecessor
Note) was last acquired from an "affiliate" of the Issuer within the meaning of
Rule 144 under the Securities Act; and provided further that the Issuer shall
not be required to furnish such information at any time to a prospective
purchaser located outside of the United States who is not a "United States
Person" within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act if such Note
may then be sold to such prospective purchaser in accordance with Rule 904 under
the Securities Act (or any successor provision thereto).


                                      -18-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 3.27 CHANGE OF CONTROL. CPS will and shall at all times be the
legal and beneficial owner of all of the issued and outstanding membership
interests of the Issuer.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                           SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

         SECTION 4.1 SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE. This Indenture
shall cease to be of further effect with respect to the Notes except as to (i)
rights of registration of transfer and exchange, (ii) substitution of mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Notes, (iii) rights of the Noteholders to receive
payments of principal thereof and interest thereon and rights of the Note
Purchaser to receive payments in respect of amounts owed by the Issuer to the
Note Purchaser under the Basic Documents, (iv) SECTIONS 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 3.8,
3.10, 3.11, 3.18, 3.19, 3.20, 3.21, 3.23, 3.24 and 11.17, (v) the rights,
obligations and immunities of the Trustee hereunder (including the rights of the
Trustee under SECTION 6.7 and the obligations of the Trustee under SECTION 4.2)
and (vi) the rights of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser as beneficiaries
hereof with respect to the property so deposited with the Trustee payable to all
or any of them, and the Trustee, on demand of and at the expense of the Issuer,
shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of
this Indenture with respect to the Notes, when:

         (a) the Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (i)
Notes that have been destroyed, lost or stolen and that have been replaced or
paid as provided in Section 2.6 and (ii) Notes for which payment money has
theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the
Issuer and thereafter repaid to the Issuer or discharged from such trust, as
provided in Section 3.3) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;

         (b) the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all Secured Obligations;
and

         (c) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee, the Noteholders and the
Note Purchaser an Officer's Certificate meeting the applicable requirements of
Section 11.1(a) and stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for
relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied
with.

         SECTION 4.2 APPLICATION OF TRUST MONEY. All moneys deposited with the
Trustee pursuant to SECTION 4.1 or SECTION 4.3 hereof shall be held in trust and
applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this
Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through the Note Paying Agent, as
the Trustee may determine, to the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser for the
payment or redemption of which such moneys have been deposited with the Trustee,
of all sums due and to become due thereon for principal and interest (in the
case of the Noteholders) and all sums due and payable by the Issuer under the
Basic Documents (in the case of the Note Purchaser); but such moneys need not be
segregated from other funds except to the extent required herein, in the Sale
and Servicing Agreement or in the other Basic Documents or required by law. Any
funds remaining with the Trustee or on deposit in the Pledged Accounts following
the repayment in full of the Notes and the other Secured Obligations, the
termination of the Commitment, the payment in full of all other amounts owed to
the Noteholders and all amounts owed by the Issuer to the Note Purchaser,
Trustee and Backup Servicer under the Basic Documents, and the satisfaction and
discharge of this Indenture, shall be remitted to the Issuer.


                                      -19-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 4.3 REPAYMENT OF MONEYS HELD BY NOTE PAYING AGENT. In
connection with the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to
the Notes, all moneys then held by the Note Paying Agent other than the Trustee
under the provisions of this Indenture with respect to the Notes shall, upon
demand of the Issuer, be remitted to the Trustee to be held and applied
according to SECTION 4.2 and thereupon the Note Paying Agent shall be released
from all further liability with respect to such moneys.

                                   ARTICLE V
                                    REMEDIES

         SECTION 5.1 EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

         (a) "EVENT OF DEFAULT", wherever used herein, means any one of the
following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it
shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant
to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation
of any administrative or governmental body):

                  (i) default in the payment of any interest or principal on the
         Notes or any other amount due with respect to the Notes or any amount
         due to the Note Purchaser under any Basic Document when the same
         becomes due and payable, which default continues for a period of one
         (1) Business Day;

                  (ii) failure by the Issuer, the Servicer or the Seller to
         perform or observe any term, covenant, or agreement under this
         Indenture or any other Basic Document (other than any term, covenant or
         agreement referred to in another subparagraph hereof), which failure
         materially and adversely affects the rights of the Note Purchaser
         and/or the Noteholders (as determined by the Note Purchaser or the
         Majority Noteholders in their sole discretion) and is not cured within
         30 calendar days after written notice is received by the Issuer, the
         Servicer or the Seller, as applicable, from the Trustee, the Note
         Purchaser or a Noteholder or after discovery of such failure by a
         Responsible Officer of the Issuer, the Servicer or the Seller, as
         applicable;

                  (iii) any representation, warranty or statement of the Issuer,
         the Servicer or the Seller made in this Indenture or any other Basic
         Document or any certificate, report or other writing delivered pursuant
         hereto or thereto shall prove to be incorrect as of the time when the
         same shall have been made, and such incorrectness has a material and
         adverse affect on the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders (as determined
         by the Note Purchaser or the Majority Noteholders in their sole
         discretion) and is not cured within 30 calendar days after written
         notice is received by the Issuer, the Servicer or the Seller, as
         applicable, from the Trustee, the Note Purchaser or a Noteholder or
         after discovery of such failure by a Responsible Officer of the Issuer,
         the Servicer or the Seller, as applicable;

                  (iv) failure of the Seller and/or the Issuer to pay money due
         under any other agreement, note or other instrument relating to
         Indebtedness, which failure constitutes a default that remains uncured
         for more than the applicable grace period and such default results in


                                      -20-
<PAGE>

         acceleration of such Indebtedness; or a breach by the Seller and/or the
         Issuer of any covenant or representation and warranty or any other
         event shall occur under any other agreement, note or other instrument
         evidencing Indebtedness, which event constitutes a default and such
         default results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness; PROVIDED
         THAT, in every case, such Indebtedness must be in an aggregate amount
         of at least $1,000,000 in order for an event described in this clause
         (iv) to constitute an Event of Default;

                  (v) an application is made by the Issuer, the Seller or the
         Servicer for the appointment of a receiver, trustee or custodian for
         all or any portion of the Collateral or any other material assets of
         the Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer; a petition under any section or
         chapter of the Bankruptcy Code or any similar Federal or state law or
         regulation shall be filed by the Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer, or
         the Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer shall make an assignment for the
         benefit of its creditors, or any case or proceeding shall be filed by
         the Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer for its dissolution,
         liquidation, or termination; or the Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer
         ceases to conduct its business;

                  (vi) the Collateral or any other assets of the Issuer, the
         Seller or the Servicer are attached, seized, levied upon or subjected
         to a writ or distress warrant, or come within the possesion of any
         receiver, trustee, custodian, or assignee for the benefit of the
         Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer and the same is not dissolved or
         dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter except where any such
         actions or events would not either individually or in the aggregate
         materially and adversely affect the financial condition, operations,
         business or prospects of the Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer, as the
         case may be; an application is made by any Person other than the
         Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer for the appointment of a receiver,
         trustee or custodian for the Collateral or a material portion of the
         assets of the Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer and the same is not
         dismissed within sixty (60) days after the application thereof, or the
         Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer shall have concealed, removed or
         permitted to be concealed or removed, in the case of the Issuer, any
         part, and in the case of the Seller or the Servicer, any material
         portion, of its property with intent to hinder, delay or defraud its
         creditors or made or suffered a transfer of any of its property which
         is fraudulent under any bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance or other
         similar law;

                  (vii) the Trustee shall for any reason cease to have a first
         priority perfected security interest in the Collateral;

                  (viii) the Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer is enjoined,
         restrained or prevented by court order from conducting all or any
         material part of its business affairs, or a petition under any section
         or chapter of the Bankruptcy Code or any similar federal or State law
         or regulation is filed against the Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer,
         or any case or proceeding is filed against the Issuer, the Seller or
         the Servicer, for its dissolution or liquidation, and such injunction,
         restraint, petition, case or proceeding is not dismissed within sixty
         (60) days after the entry of filing thereof;


                                      -21-
<PAGE>

                  (ix) a Borrowing Base Deficiency shall exist and not be cured
         within one (1) Business Day;

                  (x) a Servicer Termination Event shall have occurred and is
         continuing;

                  (xi) the Note Purchaser or the Majority Noteholders, in its or
         their reasonable, good faith judgment, has or have determined that
         there has been a Material Adverse Change with respect to the Issuer,
         the Servicer, the Seller or the Receivables;

                  (xii) the occurrence of a Change of Control with respect to
         the Seller or the Issuer;

                  (xiii) a final non-appealable judgment by any competent court
         in the United States is entered against the Seller for the payment of
         money in an amount in excess of $1,000,000 and remains unpaid and not
         stayed for more than 45 days; and

                  (xiv) any Basic Document shall be terminated or cease to be in
         full force or effect; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, in the case of a termination
         of the Lockbox Agreement, an Event of Default shall occur only upon the
         failure of the Seller or the Issuer to obtain a successor lockbox
         arrangement reasonably acceptable to the Note Purchaser within thirty
         (30) days of such termination.

                  (xv) Charles Bradley, Sr. becomes an employee, officer,
         director or controlling Person of CPS; and

                  (xvi) CPS fails to refinance for a term of greater than one
         year or repay any of its senior or subordinated debt that is scheduled
         to mature in 2005 (as reported in its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for
         the period ended June 30, 2005).

         (b) The Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and
each Noteholder, within two days after the occurrence thereof, written notice in
the form of an Officer's Certificate of any Event of Default which has occurred
or any event which either with the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or
both, would become an Event of Default, its status and what action the Issuer is
taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

         (c) After the earlier of the receipt of notice by the Trustee and the
date of actual knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee of the
occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder, the Trustee shall give
prompt written notice to the Note Purchaser and each Noteholder of each such
Default or Event of Default hereunder so known to the Trustee.

         SECTION 5.2 RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT. If an Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing, the Trustee may, and at the direction of the
Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders shall, and with respect to an Event
of Default pursuant to Section 5.1(a)(v) or (vi) hereof, the Trustee shall
declare the Notes to be immediately due and payable at par, together with
accrued interest thereon (calculated for these purposes using the Default
Applicable Margin). In addition, if an Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing, the Trustee may, and at the direction of the Note Purchaser and
the Majority Noteholders shall, exercise any of the remedies specified in
SECTION 5.4.


                                      -22-
<PAGE>

         At any time after such declaration of acceleration of maturity has been
made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been
obtained by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Article V provided, the Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders may, by written notice to the Issuer and
the Trustee, rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if the
Issuer has paid or deposited with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay:

                  (i) all payments of principal of and interest (calculated for
         these purposes using the Default Applicable Margin) on the Notes, all
         amounts due the Note Purchaser from the Issuer under the Basic
         Documents, and all other amounts that would then be due from the Issuer
         hereunder, upon the Notes or under the Basic Documents if the Event of
         Default giving rise to such acceleration had not occurred; and

                  (ii) all sums paid or advanced by the Trustee hereunder and
         the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of
         the Trustee and its agents and counsel; and

                  (iii) all Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of the
         principal of the Notes that has become due solely by such acceleration,
         have been cured or waived as provided in Section 5.13.

         No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or impair any
right consequent thereto.

         SECTION 5.3 COLLECTION OF INDEBTEDNESS AND SUITS FOR ENFORCEMENT BY
TRUSTEE.

         (a) The Issuer covenants that if (i) default is made in the payment of
any interest on, or principal of, the Notes, or any amount due from the Issuer
to the Note Purchaser under the Basic Documents, when the same becomes due and
payable, the Issuer will, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to it, for the benefit
of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, as applicable, the whole amount then
due and payable on the Notes for principal and interest, with interest upon the
overdue principal, and, to the extent payment at such rate of interest shall be
legally enforceable, upon overdue installments of interest, at the Note Interest
Rate, all amounts due and owing by the Issuer under the Basic Documents and, in
each case, in addition thereto such further amount as shall be sufficient to
cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee and its agents
and counsel.

         (b) If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in
its discretion subject to the prior written consent of the Note Purchaser and
the Majority Noteholders and shall, at the direction of the Note Purchaser and
the Majority Noteholders, proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the
rights of the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders by such appropriate Proceedings
as the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders shall deem most
effective to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific
enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture, any other Basic
Document or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce
any other proper remedy or legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by
this Indenture, any other Basic Document or by law.

         (c) [RESERVED].


                                      -23-
<PAGE>

         (d) In case there shall be pending, relative to the Issuer or any other
obligor upon the Notes or any Person having or claiming an ownership interest in
the Trust Estate, proceedings under Title 11 of the United States Code or any
other applicable Federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law,
or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization,
liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have been appointed for or
taken possession of the Issuer or its property or such other obligor or Person,
or in case of any other comparable judicial proceedings relative to the Issuer
or other obligor upon the Notes, or to the creditors or property of the Issuer
or such other obligor, the Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of the
Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or
otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand
pursuant to the provisions of this Section, shall be entitled and empowered, by
intervention in such proceedings or otherwise:

                  (i) to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount
         of principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Notes and
         the whole amount then due to the Note Purchaser by the Issuer under the
         Basic Documents and to file such other papers or documents as may be
         necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee
         (including any claim for reasonable compensation to the Trustee and
         each predecessor Trustee, and their respective agents, attorneys and
         counsel, and for reimbursement of all expenses and liabilities
         incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and each predecessor
         Trustee, except as a result of negligence, bad faith or willful
         misconduct) and of the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders allowed in
         such proceedings;

                  (ii) unless prohibited by applicable law and regulations, to
         vote on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser in any
         election of a trustee, a standby trustee or person performing similar
         functions in any such proceedings;

                  (iii) to collect and receive any moneys or other property
         payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute all amounts
         received with respect to the claims of the Noteholders, the Note
         Purchaser and of the Trustee on their behalf; and

                  (iv) to file such proofs of claim and other papers or
         documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims
         of the Trustee, the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders allowed in any
         judicial proceedings relative to the Issuer, its creditors and its
         property;

and any trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official in
any such proceeding is hereby authorized by the Noteholders and the Note
Purchaser to make payments to the Trustee, and, in the event that the Trustee
shall consent to the making of payments directly to the Noteholders or the Note
Purchaser, to pay to the Trustee such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
reasonable compensation to the Trustee, each predecessor Trustee and their
respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and all other expenses and liabilities
incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee
except as a result of negligence or bad faith.

         (e) Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee
to authorize or consent to or vote for or accept or adopt on behalf of the
Noteholders or the Note Purchaser any plan of reorganization, arrangement,
adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of the Noteholders


                                      -24-
<PAGE>

or the Note Purchaser or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the
claim of the Noteholders or the Note Purchaser in any such proceeding except, as
aforesaid, to vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar
person.

         (f) All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture,
any other Basic Document or under the Notes, may be enforced by the Trustee
without the possession of the Notes or the production thereof in any trial or
other proceedings relative thereto, and any such action or proceedings
instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an
express trust, and any recovery of judgment, subject to the payment of the
expenses, disbursements and compensation of the Trustee, each predecessor
Trustee and their respective agents and attorneys, shall be for the benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser.

         (g) In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and also any proceedings
involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture or any other
Basic Document), the Trustee shall be held to represent the Note Purchaser and
the Noteholders, and it shall not be necessary to make the Note Purchaser or the
Noteholders a party to any such proceedings. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing contained in this Indenture shall be deemed to prohibit the Note
Purchaser from representing itself in any such action or proceeding.

         SECTION 5.4 REMEDIES. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, the Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders may do one or more
of the following (subject to SECTION 5.5):

                  (i) institute or direct the Trustee to institute Proceedings
         in its own name and as trustee of an express trust for the collection
         of all amounts then payable by the Issuer under any Basic Document, on
         the Notes or under this Indenture with respect thereto, whether by
         declaration or otherwise, enforce any judgment obtained, and collect
         from the Issuer and any other obligor upon the Notes moneys adjudged
         due;

                  (ii) institute or direct the Trustee to institute Proceedings
         from time to time for the complete or partial foreclosure of this
         Indenture with respect to the Trust Estate;

                  (iii) exercise or direct the Trustee to exercise any remedies
         of a secured party under the UCC and take any other appropriate action
         to protect and enforce the rights and remedies of the Trustee and the
         Secured Parties; and

                  (iv) sell or direct the Trustee to sell the Trust Estate or
         any portion thereof or rights or interest therein, at one or more
         public or private sales (including, without limitation, the sale of the
         Collateral in connection with a securitization thereof) called and
         conducted in any manner permitted by law.

         SECTION 5.5 OPTIONAL PRESERVATION OF THE RECEIVABLES. If the Notes have
been declared to be due and payable under SECTION 5.2 following an Event of
Default and such declaration and its consequences have not been rescinded and
annulled, the Trustee may, but need not, elect to maintain possession of the
Trust Estate with the prior written consent of the Note Purchaser and the
Majority Noteholders. It is the desire of the parties hereto and the Noteholders
that there be at all times sufficient funds for the payment of principal of and
interest on the Notes, and the Trustee shall take such desire into account when
determining whether or not to maintain possession of the Trust Estate. In


                                      -25-
<PAGE>

determining whether to maintain possession of the Trust Estate, the Trustee may,
but need not, obtain and rely upon an opinion of an Independent investment
banking or accounting firm of national reputation as to the feasibility of such
proposed action and as to the sufficiency of the Trust Estate for such purpose.

         SECTION 5.6 PRIORITIES. If the Trustee collects any money or property
pursuant to this Article V, it shall pay out the money or property in the
following order:

                  (i) FIRST: to the Trustee for amounts due under Section 6.7;

                  (ii) SECOND: to the Noteholders for amounts due and unpaid on
         the Notes in respect of interest (including any premium), ratably,
         without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts
         due and payable on the Notes in respect of interest (including any
         premium);

                  (iii) THIRD: to the Noteholders for amounts due and unpaid on
         the Notes in respect of principal, ratably, without preference or
         priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on the
         Notes in respect of principal, until the outstanding principal amount
         of the Notes is reduced to zero;

                  (iv) FOURTH: to the Note Purchaser for any amounts due and
         owing thereto under the Basic Documents; and

                  (v) FIFTH: any excess amounts remaining after making the
         payments described in clauses FIRST through FOURTH above, to be applied
         pursuant to Section 5.7(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement to the
         extent that any amounts payable thereunder have not been previously
         paid pursuant to clauses FIRST through FOURTH above.

         (b) The Trustee may fix a record date and Settlement Date for any
payment to the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders pursuant to this Section. At
least 15 days before such record date the Trustee shall mail to the Issuer, the
Note Purchaser and each Noteholder a notice that states such record date, the
Settlement Date and the amount to be paid.

         SECTION 5.7 LIMITATION OF SUITS. Unless the Notes shall be held by the
Note Purchaser or an Affiliate thereof, no Holder of a Note shall have any right
to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this
Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other
remedy hereunder, unless:

                  (i) the Holder has previously given written notice to the
         Trustee of a continuing Event of Default;

                  (ii) the Majority Noteholders have made a written request to
         the Trustee to institute such proceeding in respect of such Event of
         Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder;


                                      -26-
<PAGE>

                  (iii) the Majority Noteholders have offered to the Trustee
         indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and
         liabilities to be incurred in complying with such request; and

                  (iv) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice,
         request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute such
         proceedings;

it being understood and intended that no Holder of a Note shall have any right
in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this
Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder of the
Notes or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other
Holder or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein
provided and it being understood that if a Note is held by the Note Purchaser or
an Affiliate thereof, the Holder may directly institute any proceeding, judicial
or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a
receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy.

         SECTION 5.8 UNCONDITIONAL RIGHTS OF THE NOTEHOLDERS TO RECEIVE
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture,
(i) each Noteholder shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional,
to receive payment of the applicable Percentage Interest of principal of and
interest, if any, on such Note on or after the respective due dates thereof
expressed in such Note or in this Indenture, (ii) the Note Purchaser shall have
the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of all
amounts owed to it by the Issuer under the Basic Documents when the same shall
become due, and, in each case, to institute suit for the enforcement of any such
payment, and such right shall not be impaired without the consent of the Note
Purchaser or the Majority Noteholders, as applicable.

         SECTION 5.9 RESTORATION OF RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. If the Note Purchaser
or a Noteholder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy
under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for
any reason or has been determined adversely to the Trustee, the Note Purchaser
or to such Noteholder, then and in every such case the Issuer, the Trustee, the
Note Purchaser and the Noteholders shall, subject to any determination in such
Proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to their former positions
hereunder, and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee, the Note
Purchaser and the Noteholder shall continue as though no such proceeding had
been instituted.

         SECTION 5.10 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. No right or remedy herein
conferred upon or reserved to the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders is intended
to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall,
to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other
right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in
equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy
hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or
employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

         SECTION 5.11 DELAY OR OMISSION NOT A WAIVER. No delay or omission of
the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders to exercise any right or remedy accruing
upon any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or
constitute a waiver of any such Default or Event of Default or an acquiescence
therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article V or by law to the
Trustee, the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders may be exercised from time to
time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee, the Note
Purchaser or the Noteholders, as the case may be.


                                      -27-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 5.12 [RESERVED].

         SECTION 5.13 WAIVER OF PAST DEFAULTS. Prior to the declaration of the
acceleration of the maturity of the Notes as provided in SECTION 5.2, the Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders may waive any past Default or Event of
Default and its consequences except a Default or Event of Default (i) in payment
of principal of or interest on the Notes or (ii) in respect of a covenant or
provision hereof which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the
Note Purchaser and all of the Noteholders. In the case of any such waiver, the
Issuer, the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders shall be restored to
their former positions and rights hereunder, respectively; but no such waiver
shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair
any right consequent thereto.

         Upon any such waiver, such Default or Event of Default shall cease to
exist and be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred, and any Event
of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured and not to have
occurred, for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend
to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right
consequent thereto.

         SECTION 5.14 UNDERTAKING FOR COSTS. Each of the Issuer, the Trustee and
the Note Purchaser agrees, and each Noteholder by its acceptance of a Note shall
be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion require, in any
suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any
suit against the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as
Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay
the costs of such suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess
reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, against any party
litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the
claims or defenses made by such party litigant; but the provisions of this
Section shall not apply to (a) any suit instituted by the Trustee, (b) any suit
instituted by the Note Purchaser or Noteholders holding in the aggregate more
than 10% of Percentage Interests of the Note or (c) any suit instituted by the
Noteholders for the enforcement of the payment of principal of or interest on
the Notes on or after the respective due dates expressed in the Notes and in
this Indenture.

         SECTION 5.15 WAIVER OF STAY OR EXTENSION LAWS. The Issuer covenants (to
the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon,
or plead or in any manner whatsoever, claim or take the benefit or advantage of,
any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in
force, that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and
the Issuer (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives
all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not hinder,
delay or impede the execution of any power and any right of the Issuer to take
such action shall be suspended.


                                      -28-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 5.16 SALE OF TRUST ESTATE.

         (a) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Trustee shall not in
any private sale sell to a third party the Trust Estate, or any portion thereof
unless,

                  (i) the Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders consent to
         or direct the Trustee in writing to make such sale; or

                  (ii) the proceeds of such sale would be not less than the sum
         of (x) all amounts due on the entire unpaid principal amount of the
         Notes and interest due or to become due thereon in accordance with
         Section 5.6 hereof on the Settlement Date next succeeding the date of
         such sale and (y) all amounts due the Note Purchaser from the Issuer
         under the Basic Documents.

         (b) For any public sale of the Trust Estate, the Trustee shall have
provided the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders with notice of such sale at
least two weeks in advance of such sale which notice shall specify the date,
time and location of such sale.

         (c) In connection with a sale of all or any portion of the Trust
Estate:

                  (i) the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders may bid for and
         purchase the property offered for sale, and may hold, retain, possess
         and dispose of such property, without further accountability, and (x)
         the Noteholders may, in paying the purchase money therefor, deliver in
         lieu of cash any Outstanding Note or claims for interest thereon for
         credit in the amount that shall, upon distribution of the net proceeds
         of such sale, be payable thereon, and the Note so delivered shall be
         cancelled and extinguished except that, in case the amounts so payable
         thereon shall be less than the amount due thereon, such Notes shall be
         returned to the Noteholders after being appropriately stamped to show
         such partial payment and (y) the Note Purchaser may, in paying the
         purchase money therefor, set-off against any amount owed to it by the
         Issuer under the Basic Documents;

                  (ii) the Trustee shall execute and deliver an appropriate
         instrument of conveyance transferring its interest in any portion of
         the Trust Estate in connection with a sale thereof; and

                  (iii) the Trustee is hereby irrevocably appointed the agent
         and attorney-in-fact of the Issuer to transfer and convey its interest
         in any portion of the Trust Estate in connection with a sale thereof,
         and to take all action necessary to effect such sale.

         (d) The method, manner, time, place and terms of any sale of all or any
portion of the Trust Estate shall be commercially reasonable.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   THE TRUSTEE

         SECTION 6.1 DUTIES OF TRUSTEE. If an Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise the rights and powers vested in it by
this Indenture and the other Basic Documents and use the same degree of care and
skill in their exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the
circumstances in the conduct of such person's own affairs.


                                      -29-
<PAGE>

         (a) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:

                  (i) the Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only
         such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture and each of
         the other Basic Documents to which it is a party and no implied
         covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the
         Trustee; and

                  (ii) in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may
         conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the
         correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or
         opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of
         this Indenture; however, the Trustee shall examine the certificates and
         opinions to determine whether or not they conform on their face to the
         requirements of this Indenture.

         (b) The Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own
negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful
misconduct, except that:

                  (i) this paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b)
         of this Section; and

                  (ii) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment
         made in good faith by a Responsible Officer unless it is proved that
         the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.

         (c) The Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received
by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Issuer.

         (d) Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from
other funds except to the extent required by law or the terms of this Indenture
or the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

         (e) No provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend
or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability in the performance
of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or
powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds to believe that repayment of such
funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably
assured to it.

         (f) Every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or
affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee shall be
subject to the provisions of this Section.

         (g) The Trustee shall permit any representative of the Note Purchaser
or the Noteholders, during the Trustee's normal business hours, to examine all
books of account, records, reports and other papers of the Trustee relating to
the Notes and the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents, to make
copies and extracts therefrom and to discuss the Trustee's affairs and actions,
as such affairs and actions relate to the Trustee's duties with respect to the
Notes and the Note Purchaser, with the Trustee's officers and employees
responsible for carrying out the Trustee's duties with respect to the Notes and
the Note Purchaser.


                                      -30-
<PAGE>

         (h) The Trustee shall, and hereby agrees that it will, perform all of
the obligations and duties required of it under the other Basic Documents.

         (i) Except for actions expressly authorized by this Indenture, the
Trustee shall take no action reasonably likely to impair the security interests
created or existing under any Receivable or Financed Vehicle or to impair the
value of any Receivable or Financed Vehicle.

         (j) All information obtained by the Trustee regarding the Obligors and
the Receivables, whether upon the exercise of its rights under this Indenture or
otherwise, shall be maintained by the Trustee in confidence and shall not be
disclosed to any other Person, other than the Trustee's attorneys, accountants
and agents unless such disclosure is required by this Indenture or any
applicable law or regulation.

         SECTION 6.2 RIGHTS OF TRUSTEE. Subject to Sections 6.1 and this Section
6.2, the Trustee shall be protected and shall incur no liability to the Issuer,
the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders in relying upon the accuracy, acting in
reliance upon the contents, and assuming the genuineness of any notice, demand,
certificate, signature, instrument or other document reasonably believed by the
Trustee to be genuine and to have been duly executed by the appropriate
signatory, and, except to the extent the Trustee has actual knowledge to the
contrary or as required pursuant to Section 6.1 the Trustee shall not be
required to make any independent investigation with respect thereto.

         (a) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an
Officer's Certificate. Subject to Section 6.1(c), the Trustee shall not be
liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on the
Officer's Certificate.

         (b) The Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or
perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or
attorneys or a custodian or nominee, and the Trustee shall not be responsible
for any misconduct or negligence on the part of, or for the supervision of the
Servicer, the Backup Servicer or any other such agent, attorney, custodian or
nominee appointed with due care by it hereunder.

         (c) The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to
take in good faith which it believes to be authorized or within its rights or
powers; provided, however, that the Trustee's conduct does not constitute
willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith.

         (d) The Trustee may consult with counsel, and the advice or opinion of
counsel with respect to legal matters relating to this Indenture and the Notes
shall be full and complete authorization and protection from liability in
respect to any action taken, omitted or suffered by it hereunder in good faith
and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel.

         (e) The Trustee shall be under no obligation to institute, conduct or
defend any litigation under this Indenture or in relation to this Indenture, at
the request, order or direction of the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders,
pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture, unless the Note Purchaser and/or
the Noteholders, as applicable, shall have offered to the Trustee reasonable


                                      -31-
<PAGE>

security or indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities that may be
incurred therein or thereby; provided, however, that the Trustee shall, upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default (that has not been cured), exercise the rights
and powers vested in it by this Indenture in accordance with Section 6.1.

         (f) The Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the
facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, bond or other paper
or document, unless requested in writing to do so by the Note Purchaser or the
Majority Noteholders; provided, however, that if the payment within a reasonable
time to the Trustee of the costs, expenses or liabilities likely to be incurred
by it in the making of such investigation is, in the opinion of the Trustee, not
reasonably assured to the Trustee by the security afforded to it by the terms of
this Indenture or the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Trustee may require
reasonable indemnity against such cost, expense or liability as a condition to
so proceeding; the reasonable expense of every such examination shall be paid by
the Person making such request, or, if paid by the Trustee, shall be reimbursed
by the Person making such request upon demand.

         SECTION 6.3 INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS OF TRUSTEE. The Trustee in its individual
or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of a Note and may
otherwise deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates with the same rights it would
have if it were not the Trustee. Any Note Paying Agent, Note Registrar,
co-registrar or co-paying agent may do the same with like rights. However, the
Trustee must comply with Section 6.11.

SECTION 6.4 TRUSTEE'S DISCLAIMER. The Trustee shall not be responsible for and
makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture, the
Trust Estate, the Collateral or the Notes, it shall not be accountable for the
Issuer's use of the proceeds from the Notes, and it shall not be responsible for
any statement of the Issuer in the Indenture or in any document issued in
connection with the sale of the Notes or in the Notes other than the Trustee's
certificate of authentication.

         SECTION 6.5 NOTICE OF DEFAULTS. If an Event of Default occurs and is
continuing and if it is either known by, or written notice of the existence
thereof has been delivered to, a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee
shall mail to the Note Purchaser and each Noteholder a notice of the Default
within three (3) Business Days after such knowledge or notice occurs.

         SECTION 6.6 REPORTS BY TRUSTEE TO THE NOTEHOLDERS. The Trustee shall on
behalf of the Issuer deliver to the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser such
information as may be reasonably required to enable the Noteholders and the Note
Purchaser to prepare their respective Federal and State income tax returns.

         SECTION 6.7 COMPENSATION AND INDEMNITY. Pursuant to Section 5.7 of the
Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Issuer shall pay to the Trustee from time to
time compensation for its services. The Trustee's compensation shall not be
limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuer
shall reimburse the Trustee, pursuant and subject to Section 5.7 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred or made
by it, including costs of collection, in addition to the compensation for its


                                      -32-
<PAGE>

services. Such expenses shall include the reasonable compensation and expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee's agents, counsel, accountants and
experts. The Issuer shall or shall cause the Servicer to indemnify the Trustee
against any and all loss, liability or expense incurred by the Trustee without
willful misfeasance, negligence or bad faith on its part arising out of or in
connection with the acceptance or the administration of this trust and the
performance of its duties hereunder, including the costs and expenses of
defending itself against any claim or liability in connection therewith. The
Trustee shall notify the Issuer and the Servicer promptly of any claim for which
it may seek indemnity. Failure by the Trustee to so notify the Issuer and the
Servicer shall not relieve the Issuer of its obligations hereunder or the
Servicer of its obligations under Article XII of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement. The Trustee may have separate counsel and the Issuer shall or shall
cause the Servicer to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel.
Neither the Issuer nor the Servicer need reimburse any expense or indemnify
against any loss, liability or expense incurred by the Trustee through the
Trustee's own willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith.

         (b) The Issuer's payment obligations to the Trustee pursuant to this
Section shall survive the discharge of this Indenture. When the Trustee incurs
expenses after the occurrence of a Default specified in Section 5.1(a)(v) with
respect to the Issuer, the expenses are intended to constitute expenses of
administration under Title 11 of the United States Code or any other applicable
Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law. Notwithstanding anything
else set forth in this Indenture or the other Basic Documents, the recourse of
the Trustee hereunder and under the other Basic Documents specifically shall not
be recourse to the assets of the Noteholders or the Note Purchaser.

         SECTION 6.8 REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE. The Issuer may, with the consent of
the Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders, and at the request of the Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders shall, remove the Trustee if:

                  (i) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 6.11 or the
         Trustee fails to perform any other material covenant or agreement of
         the Trustee set forth in the Basic Documents to which the Trustee is a
         party and such failure continues for 45 days after written notice of
         such failure from the Note Purchaser or a Noteholder;

                  (ii) an Insolvency Event with respect to the Trustee occurs;
         or

                  (iii) the Trustee otherwise becomes incapable of acting.

         If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the
office of Trustee for any reason (the Trustee in such event being referred to
herein as the retiring Trustee), the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor
Trustee acceptable to the Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders. If the
Issuer fails to appoint such a successor Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the
Majority Noteholders may appoint a successor Trustee.

         A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its
appointment to the retiring Trustee, the Note Purchaser, the Noteholders and the
Issuer, whereupon, the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall
become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers
and duties of the retiring Trustee under this Indenture. The retiring Trustee
shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor
Trustee.


                                      -33-
<PAGE>

         If a successor Trustee does not take office within 60 days after the
retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee, the Issuer, the
Note Purchaser or the Majority Noteholders may petition any court of competent
jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee.

         Any resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a
successor Trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section shall not
become effective until acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee
pursuant to SECTION 6.8.

         Notwithstanding the replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this
Section, the Issuer's and the Servicer's obligations under Section 6.7 shall
continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee.

         SECTION 6.9 SUCCESSOR TRUSTEE BY MERGER. If the Trustee consolidates
with, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all its
corporate trust business or assets to, another corporation or banking
association, the resulting, surviving or transferee corporation without any
further act shall be the successor Trustee. The Trustee shall provide the
Noteholders and the Note Purchaser prior written notice of any such transaction.

         (a) In case at the time such successor or successors to the Trustee by
merger, conversion or consolidation shall succeed to the trusts created by this
Indenture the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such
successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any
predecessor trustee, and deliver the Notes so authenticated; and in case at that
time the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee
may authenticate the Notes either in the name of any predecessor hereunder or in
the name of the successor to the Trustee; and in all such cases such
certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Notes or in
this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have.

         SECTION 6.10 APPOINTMENT OF CO-TRUSTEE OR SEPARATE TRUSTEE.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, at any time, for the
purpose of meeting any legal requirement of any jurisdiction in which any part
of the Trust Estate may at the time be located, the Trustee with the consent of
the Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders shall have the power and may
execute and deliver all instruments to appoint one or more Persons to act as a
co-trustee or co-trustees, or separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or
any part of the Trust Estate, and to vest in such Person or Persons, in such
capacity and for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, such
title to the Trust Estate, or any part thereof, and, subject to the other
provisions of this Section, such powers, duties, obligations, rights and trusts
as the Trustee may consider necessary or desirable. No co-trustee or separate
trustee hereunder shall be required to meet the terms of eligibility as a
successor trustee under Section 6.11 and no notice to the Note Purchaser or the
Noteholders of the appointment of any co-trustee or separate trustee shall be
required under Section 6.8 hereof.

         (a) Every separate trustee and co-trustee shall, to the extent
permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and
conditions:


                                      -34-
<PAGE>

                  (i) all rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or
         imposed upon the Trustee shall be conferred or imposed upon and
         exercised or performed by the Trustee and such separate trustee or
         co-trustee jointly (it being understood that such separate trustee or
         co-trustee is not authorized to act separately without the Trustee
         joining in such act), except to the extent that under any law of any
         jurisdiction in which any particular act or acts are to be performed
         the Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act or
         acts, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations
         (including the holding of title to the Trust or any portion thereof in
         any such jurisdiction) shall be exercised and performed singly by such
         separate trustee or co-trustee, but solely at the direction of the
         Trustee;

                  (ii) no trustee hereunder shall be personally liable by reason
         of any act or omission of any other trustee hereunder, including acts
         or omissions of predecessor or successor trustees; and

                  (iii) the Trustee may at any time accept the resignation of or
         remove any separate trustee or co-trustee.

         (b) Any notice, request or other writing given to the Trustee shall be
deemed to have been given to each of the then separate trustees and co-trustees,
as effectively as if given to each of them. Every instrument appointing any
separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer to this Indenture and the conditions
of this Article VI. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of
the trusts conferred, shall be vested with the estates or property specified in
its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Trustee or separately, as
may be provided therein, subject to all the provisions of this Indenture,
specifically including every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct
of, affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Trustee. Every
such instrument shall be filed with the Trustee.

         (c) Any separate trustee or co-trustee may at any time constitute the
Trustee, its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to the
extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this
Indenture on its behalf and in its name. If any separate trustee or co-trustee
shall die, dissolve, become insolvent, become incapable of acting, resign or be
removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall
invest in and be exercised by the Trustee, to the extent permitted by law,
without the appointment of a new or successor trustee.

         SECTION 6.11 ELIGIBILITY: DISQUALIFICATION. The Trustee shall have a
combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 as set forth in its most
recent published annual report of condition and subject to supervision or
examination by federal or state authorities; and having a rating, both with
respect to long-term and short-term unsecured obligations, of not less than
investment grade by Standard & Poor's or Moody's. The Trustee shall provide
copies of such reports to the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders upon request.

         SECTION 6.12 [RESERVED].


                                      -35-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 6.13 APPOINTMENT AND POWERS. Subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, the initial Noteholder and the Note Purchaser hereby appoint
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as the Trustee with respect to the
Collateral, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association hereby accepts such
appointment and agrees to act as Trustee with respect to the Collateral for the
benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, to maintain custody and
possession of such Collateral (except as otherwise provided hereunder) and to
perform the other duties of the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of
this Indenture and the other Basic Documents. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance
of a Note, hereby authorizes the Trustee to take such action on its behalf, and
to exercise such rights, remedies, powers and privileges hereunder, as such
Noteholder may direct and as are specifically authorized to be exercised by the
Trustee by the terms hereof, together with such actions, rights, remedies,
powers and privileges as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Trustee shall
act upon and in compliance with the written instructions of the Note Purchaser
or the Majority Noteholders delivered pursuant to this Indenture promptly
following receipt of such written instructions; provided that the Trustee shall
not act in accordance with any instructions (i) which are not authorized by, or
in violation of the provisions of, this Indenture, (ii) which are in violation
of any applicable law, rule or regulation or (iii) for which the Trustee has not
received reasonable indemnity. Receipt of such instructions shall not be a
condition to the exercise by the Trustee of its express duties hereunder, except
where this Indenture provides that the Trustee is permitted to act only
following and in accordance with such instructions.

         SECTION 6.14 PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES. The Trustee shall have no duties or
responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Indenture and the
other Basic Documents to which the Trustee is a party or as directed by the
Noteholders or the Note Purchaser in accordance with this Indenture. The Trustee
shall not be required to take any discretionary actions hereunder except at the
written direction of the Note Purchaser or the Majority Noteholders. The Trustee
shall, and hereby agrees that it will, perform all of the duties and obligations
required of it under the Basic Documents.

         SECTION 6.15 LIMITATION ON LIABILITY. Neither the Trustee nor any of
its directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any action taken or
omitted to be taken by it or them in good faith hereunder, or in connection
herewith, except that the Trustee shall be liable for its negligence, bad faith
or willful misconduct. Notwithstanding any term or provision of this Indenture,
the Trustee shall incur no liability to the Issuer, the Note Purchaser or the
Noteholders for any action taken or omitted by the Trustee in connection with
the Collateral, except for the negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on
the part of the Trustee, and, further, shall incur no liability to the Note
Purchaser or the Noteholders except for negligence, bad faith or willful
misconduct in carrying out its duties to the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders.
The Trustee shall at all times be free independently to establish to its
reasonable satisfaction, but shall have no duty to independently verify, the
existence or nonexistence of facts that are a condition to the exercise or
enforcement of any right or remedy hereunder or under any of the Basic
Documents. The Trustee may consult with counsel, and shall not be liable for any
action taken or omitted to be taken by it hereunder in good faith and in
accordance with the written advice of such counsel. The Trustee shall not be
under any obligation to exercise any of the remedial rights or powers vested in
it by this Indenture or to follow any direction from the Note Purchaser or the
Noteholders unless it shall have received reasonable security or indemnity
satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which
might be incurred by it.


                                      -36-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 6.16 [RESERVED].

         SECTION 6.17 SUCCESSOR TRUSTEE.

         (a) MERGER. Any Person into which the Trustee may be converted or
merged, or with which it may be consolidated, or to which it may sell or
transfer its trust business and assets as a whole or substantially as a whole,
or any Person resulting from any such conversion, merger, consolidation, sale or
transfer to which the Trustee is a party, shall (provided it is otherwise
qualified to serve as the Trustee hereunder) be and become a successor Trustee
hereunder and be vested with all of the title to and interest in the Collateral
and all of the trusts, powers, descriptions, immunities, privileges and other
matters and have all of the obligations as its predecessor without the execution
or filing of any instrument or any further act, deed or conveyance on the part
of any of the parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding,
except to the extent, if any, that any such action is necessary to perfect, or
continue the perfection of, the security interest of the Trustee for the benefit
of the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders in the Collateral; provided that any
such successor shall also be the successor Trustee under SECTION 6.9.

         (b) REMOVAL. The Trustee may be removed by the Note Purchaser or the
Majority Noteholders at any time, with or without cause, by an instrument or
concurrent instruments in writing delivered to the Trustee and the Issuer. A
temporary successor may be removed at any time to allow a successor Trustee to
be appointed pursuant to subsection (c) below. Any removal pursuant to the
provisions of this subsection (b) shall take effect only upon the date which is
the latest of (i) the effective date of the appointment of a successor Trustee
and the acceptance in writing by such successor Trustee of such appointment and
of its obligation to perform its duties hereunder in accordance with the
provisions hereof, and (ii) receipt by the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders of
an Opinion of Counsel to the effect described in Section 3.4.

         (c) ACCEPTANCE BY SUCCESSOR. The Majority Noteholders and the Note
Purchaser shall have the sole right to appoint each successor Trustee. Every
temporary or permanent successor Trustee appointed hereunder shall execute,
acknowledge and deliver to its predecessor and to the Trustee, the Note
Purchaser, the Noteholders and the Issuer an instrument in writing accepting
such appointment hereunder and the relevant predecessor shall execute,
acknowledge and deliver such other documents and instruments as will effectuate
the delivery of all Collateral to the successor Trustee, whereupon such
successor, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become fully
vested with all the estates, properties, rights, powers, duties and obligations
of its predecessor. Such predecessor shall, nevertheless, on the written request
of the Majority Noteholders and the Note Purchaser or the Issuer, execute and
deliver an instrument transferring to such successor all the estates,
properties, rights and powers of such predecessor hereunder. In the event that
any instrument in writing from the Issuer or the Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders is reasonably required by a successor Trustee to more fully and
certainly vest in such successor the estates, properties, rights, powers, duties
and obligations vested or intended to be vested hereunder in the Trustee, any
and all such written instruments shall at the request of the temporary or
permanent successor Trustee, be forthwith executed, acknowledged and delivered
by the Trustee or the Issuer, as the case may be. The designation of any
successor Trustee and the instrument or instruments removing any Trustee and
appointing a successor hereunder, together with all other instruments provided
for herein, shall be maintained with the records relating to the Collateral and,
to the extent required by applicable law, filed or recorded by the successor
Trustee in each place where such filing or recording is necessary to effect the
transfer of the Collateral to the successor Trustee or to protect or continue
the perfection of the security interests granted hereunder.


                                      -37-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 6.18 [RESERVED].

         SECTION 6.19 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE TRUSTEE. The Trustee
represents and warrants to the Issuer, the Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders as follows:

         (a) The Trustee is a national banking association, duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the United States and is
duly authorized and licensed under applicable law to conduct its business as
presently conducted.

         (b) The Trustee has all requisite right, power and authority to execute
and deliver this Indenture and to perform all of its duties as Trustee
hereunder.

         (c) The execution and delivery by the Trustee of this Indenture and the
other Basic Documents to which it is a party, and the performance by the Trustee
of its duties hereunder and thereunder, have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate proceedings and no further approvals or filings, including
any governmental approvals, are required for the valid execution and delivery by
the Trustee, or the performance by the Trustee, of this Indenture and such other
Basic Documents.

         (d) The Trustee has duly executed and delivered this Indenture and each
other Basic Document to which it is a party, and each of this Indenture and each
such other Basic Document constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of
the Trustee, enforceable against the Trustee in accordance with its terms,
except as (i) such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization and similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of
creditors' rights generally and (ii) the availability of equitable remedies may
be limited by equitable principles of general applicability.

         SECTION 6.20 WAIVER OF SETOFFS. The Trustee hereby expressly waives any
and all rights of setoff that the Trustee may otherwise at any time have under
applicable law with respect to any Pledged Account and agrees that amounts in
the Pledged Accounts shall at all times be held and applied solely in accordance
with the provisions hereof.

         SECTION 6.21 CONTROL BY THE NOTE PURCHASER AND THE MAJORITY
NOTEHOLDERS. The Trustee shall comply with notices and instructions given by the
Issuer only if accompanied by the written consent of the Note Purchaser and the
Majority Noteholders, except that if any Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing, the Trustee shall act upon and comply with notices and
instructions given by the Note Purchaser or the Majority Noteholders alone in
the place and stead of the Issuer.

                                  ARTICLE VII

                                   [RESERVED]


                                      -38-
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                COLLECTION OF MONEY AND RELEASES OF TRUST ESTATE

         SECTION 8.1 COLLECTION OF MONEY. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, the Trustee may demand payment or delivery of, and shall receive and
collect, directly and without intervention or assistance of any fiscal agent or
other intermediary, all money and other property payable to or receivable by the
Trustee pursuant to this Indenture and the other Basic Documents. The Trustee
shall apply all such money received by it as provided in this Indenture and the
Sale and Servicing Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Indenture or in the other Basic Documents, if any default occurs in the making
of any payment or performance under any agreement or instrument that is part of
the Trust Estate, the Trustee may take such action as may be appropriate to
enforce such payment or performance, including the institution and prosecution
of appropriate proceedings. Any such action shall be without prejudice to any
right to claim a Default or Event of Default under this Indenture and any right
to proceed thereafter as provided in Article V.

         SECTION 8.2 RELEASE OF TRUST ESTATE. Subject to the payment of its fees
and expenses pursuant to Section 6.7, the Trustee may, and when required by the
provisions of this Indenture shall, execute instruments to release property from
the lien of this Indenture, in a manner and under circumstances that are not
inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture. No party relying upon an
instrument executed by the Trustee as provided in this Article VIII shall be
bound to ascertain the Trustee's authority, inquire into the satisfaction of any
conditions precedent or see to the application of any moneys.

         (a) The Trustee shall, at such time as there is no Note Outstanding,
all amounts due and owing to the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders under any of
the Basic Documents have been paid in full, all sums due the Trustee pursuant to
Section 6.7 have been paid and the term of the Commitment shall have expired,
release any remaining portion of the Trust Estate that secured the Notes and the
other obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser and the Seller to the Note
Purchaser and the Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents from the lien of
this Indenture and release to the Issuer or any other Person entitled thereto
any funds then on deposit in the Pledged Accounts. The Trustee shall release
property from the lien of this Indenture pursuant to this Section 8.2(b) only
upon receipt of an Issuer Request accompanied by an Officer's Certificate, a
copy of each of which shall also be delivered to the Note Purchaser and the
Noteholders.

         (b) OPINION OF COUNSEL. The Trustee shall receive at least seven days'
notice when requested by the Issuer to take any action pursuant to Section
8.2(a), accompanied by copies of any instruments involved, and the Trustee shall
also require as a condition to such action, an Opinion of Counsel in form and
substance satisfactory to the Trustee, stating the legal effect of any such
action, outlining the steps required to complete the same, and concluding that
all conditions precedent to the taking of such action have been complied with
and such action will not materially and adversely affect the security for the
Notes or the rights of the Note Purchaser and/or the Noteholders in
contravention of the provisions of this Indenture or any of the other Basic
Documents; provided, however, that such Opinion of Counsel shall not be required
to express an opinion as to the fair value of the Trust Estate. Counsel
rendering any such opinion may rely, without independent investigation, on the
accuracy and validity of any certificate or other instrument delivered to the
Trustee in connection with any such action.


                                      -39-
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IX

                             SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

         With the prior written consent of the Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders, the Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order, at
any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more indentures
supplemental hereto, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, for any of the
following purposes:

                  (i) to correct or amplify the description of any property at
         any time subject to the lien of this Indenture, or better to assure,
         convey and confirm unto the Trustee any property subject or required to
         be subjected to the lien of this Indenture, or to subject to the lien
         of this Indenture additional property;

                  (ii) to evidence the succession, in compliance with the
         applicable provisions hereof, of another person to the Issuer, and the
         assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Issuer herein
         and in the Notes contained;

                  (iii) to add to the covenants of the Issuer, for the benefit
         of the Noteholders and the Note Purchaser, or to surrender any right or
         power herein conferred upon the Issuer;

                  (iv) to convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge any
         property to or with the Trustee;

                  (v) to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any
         provision herein or in any supplemental indenture which may be
         inconsistent with any other provision herein or in any supplemental
         indenture or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or
         questions arising under this Indenture or in any supplemental
         indenture; provided that such action shall not adversely affect the
         interests of the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders; or

                  (vi) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of the
         appointment hereunder by a successor trustee with respect to the Notes
         and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as
         shall be necessary to facilitate the administration of the trusts
         hereunder by more than one trustee, pursuant to the requirements of
         Article VI.

The Trustee is hereby authorized to join in the execution of any such
supplemental indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and
stipulations that may be therein contained.

         (b) The Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order,
may, also with the consent of the Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders,
enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of
adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the
provisions of, this Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the
Note Purchaser or the Noteholders under this Indenture; provided, however, that
such action shall not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel, adversely affect
in any material respect the interests of the Note Purchaser or the Noteholders.


                                      -40-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 9.2 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES WITH CONSENT OF THE NOTE PURCHASER
AND THE MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS. The Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an
Issuer Order, also may, with the prior written consent of the Note Purchaser and
the Majority Noteholders, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental
hereto for any purpose; provided, however, that, no such supplemental indenture
shall, without the prior written consent of the Note Purchaser and all of the
Noteholders:

                  (i) change the date of payment of any installment of principal
         of or interest on the Notes or any other amount owed by the Issuer
         under the Basic Documents, or reduce the Percentage Interest thereof,
         the interest rate thereon, change the provision of this Indenture
         relating to the application of collections on, or the proceeds of the
         sale of, the Trust Estate to payment of principal of or interest on the
         Notes or any other amount owed by the Issuer under the Basic Documents,
         or change any place of payment where, or the coin or currency in which,
         the Notes or the interest thereon or any other amount owed by the
         Issuer under the Basic Documents is payable;

                  (ii) impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of
         the provisions of this Indenture requiring the application of funds
         available therefor, as provided in ARTICLE V, to the payment of any
         such amount due on the Notes or any other amount owed by the Issuer
         under the Basic Documents on or after the respective due dates thereof;

                  (iii) reduce the Percentage Interest, the consent of the
         Holders of which is required for any such supplemental indenture, or
         eliminate the requirement that the Note Purchaser consent thereto, or
         the consent of the Holders of which or the Note Purchaser is required
         for any waiver of compliance with certain provisions of this Indenture
         or certain defaults hereunder and their consequences provided for in
         this Indenture;

                  (iv) modify or alter the provisions of the proviso to the
         definition of the term "OUTSTANDING";

                  (v) reduce the Percentage Interest required to direct the
         Trustee to direct the Issuer to sell or liquidate the Trust Estate or
         eliminate the requirement that the Note Purchaser so direct pursuant to
         Section 5.4;

                  (vi) modify any provision of this Section except to increase
         any percentage specified herein or to provide that certain additional
         provisions of this Indenture or the other Basic Documents cannot be
         modified or waived without the consent of the Note Purchaser and the
         Majority Noteholders;

                  (vii) modify any of the provisions of this Indenture in such
         manner as to affect the calculation of the amount or timing of any
         payment of (x) interest or principal due on the Notes on any Settlement
         Date (including the calculation of any of the individual components of
         such calculation) or to affect the rights of the Noteholders to the
         benefit of any provisions for the mandatory redemption of the Notes
         contained herein or (y) any amount due to the Note Purchaser from the
         Issuer under the Basic Documents, or affect the rights of the Note
         Purchaser under the Basic Documents; or


                                      -41-
<PAGE>

                  (viii) permit the creation of any Lien ranking prior to or on
         a parity with the Lien of this Indenture with respect to any part of
         the Trust Estate or, except as otherwise permitted or contemplated
         herein or in any of the Basic Documents, terminate the Lien of this
         Indenture on any property at any time subject hereto or deprive the
         Noteholders or the Note Purchaser of the security provided by the Lien
         of this Indenture.

         (b) Unless otherwise specified by the Note Purchaser or the
Noteholders, it shall be necessary for any Act of the Note Purchaser or the
Noteholders under this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed
supplemental indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the
substance thereof.

         (c) Promptly after the execution by the Issuer and the Trustee of any
supplemental indenture pursuant to this Section, the Trustee shall mail to the
Note Purchaser and each Noteholder a copy of such supplemental indenture. Any
failure of the Trustee to mail such copy shall not, however, in any way impair
or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture.

         SECTION 9.3 EXECUTION OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES. In executing, or
permitting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture
permitted by this Article IX or the modifications thereby of the trusts created
by this Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and subject to
Sections 6.1 and 6.2, shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of
Counsel stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized
or permitted by this Indenture. The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to,
enter into any such supplemental indenture that affects the Trustee's own
rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

         SECTION 9.4 EFFECT OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE. Upon the execution of any
supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions hereof, this Indenture shall
be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith, and the
respective rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties, liabilities and
immunities under this Indenture of the Trustee, the Issuer, the Note Purchaser
and the Noteholders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced
hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments, and all
the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be
deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all
purposes.

                                   ARTICLE X

                        REPAYMENT AND PREPAYMENT OF NOTES

         SECTION 10.1 REPAYMENT OF THE NOTES; OPTIONAL PREPAYMENT OF THE NOTES.
The outstanding principal balance of the Notes and all accrued and unpaid
interest thereon shall be payable in full by the Facility Termination Date and
otherwise as provided in Section 3.1, the form of Note attached as EXHIBIT A and
the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Issuer may, at its option, prepay the
Invested Amount of the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time on any Business
Day (such day the "PREPAYMENT DATE") in accordance with this SECTION 10.1 and


                                      -42-
<PAGE>

SECTION 10.2; provided that no such prepayment may occur (i) unless and until
all amounts due and payable in respect of clauses (i) through (vii) of Section
5.7(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement have been paid in full irrespective
of whether Available Funds are sufficient for this purpose or (ii) if, after
giving effect to such prepayment and the release of any related Collateral, a
Borrowing Base Deficiency shall exist. Simultaneous with any such prepayment,
the Issuer shall pay all accrued and unpaid interest on the Invested Amount to
be prepaid and all other amounts then due and owing under the Basic Documents.
Upon the deposit of any prepayment and all such other amounts then due and owing
under the Basic Documents into the Collection Account, the Trustee shall release
the Collateral that is the subject of such prepayment from the lien of this
Indenture. In connection with such prepayment, the Trustee shall be entitled to
conclusively rely upon the direction of the Issuer to the Trustee (a form of
which is attached hereto as EXHIBIT E) to release such Collateral as may be
identified by the Issuer in writing and consented to in writing by the Note
Purchaser as being the subject of such prepayment upon the conditions specified
in such writing. All prepayments in part shall be in principal amounts of at
least $100,000.

         SECTION 10.2 NOTICE OF PREPAYMENT. Notice of the prepayment of the Note
shall be given, upon the direction of the Issuer, by the Trustee by facsimile
transmission, courier or first class mail, postage prepaid, mailed, faxed or
couriered not less than five (5) days prior to the related Prepayment Date, to
the Note Purchaser and each Noteholder. All notices of prepayment shall state
(i) the Prepayment Date, (ii) the Invested Amount to be prepaid, (iii) the
estimated accrued and unpaid interest on the Invested Amount to be prepaid and
(iv) any other amounts due and owing to the Note Purchaser under the Basic
Documents. Failure to give notice of prepayment, or any defect therein, to a
Noteholder or the Note Purchaser shall not impair or affect the validity of such
prepayment.

         SECTION 10.3 GENERAL PROCEDURES. The Invested Amount of the Notes and
amounts due to the Note Purchaser by the Issuer under the Basic Documents shall
not be considered reduced by any allocation, setting aside or distribution of
any portion of the Available Funds unless such Available Funds shall have been
actually paid to the Noteholders or the Note Purchaser, as applicable. The
Invested Amount of the Notes and amounts due to the Note Purchaser by the Issuer
under the Basic Documents shall not be considered repaid by any distribution of
any portion of the Available Funds if at any time such distribution is rescinded
or must otherwise be returned for any reason, in which event, if such amount has
been returned by the Noteholders or the Note Purchaser, as applicable, such
principal, interest and/or other amount shall be reinstated in an amount equal
to the amount returned by the Noteholders or the Note Purchaser, as applicable.
No provision of this Indenture shall require the payment or permit the
collection of interest in excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law.

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         SECTION 11.1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATES AND OPINIONS, ETC. Except as set
forth herein, upon any application or request by the Issuer to the Trustee to
take any action under any provision of this Indenture (other than any request
hereunder by the Issuer for an Advance), the Issuer shall furnish to the
Trustee, with a copy of each to the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders, (i) an


                                      -43-
<PAGE>

Officer's Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided
for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with,
and (ii) an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all
such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with, except that, in the
case of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of such
documents is specifically required by any provision of this Indenture, no
additional certificate or opinion need be furnished.

         Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a
condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include:

                  (i) a statement that each signatory of such certificate or
         opinion has read or has caused to be read such covenant or condition
         and the definitions herein relating thereto;

                  (ii) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the
         examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions
         contained in such certificate or opinion are based;

                  (iii) a statement that, in the opinion of each such signatory,
         such signatory has made such examination or investigation as is
         necessary to enable such signatory to express an informed opinion as to
         whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

                  (iv) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such
         signatory such condition or covenant has been complied with.

         (b) Other than with respect to Dollars, prior to the deposit of any
Collateral or other property or securities with the Trustee that is to be made
the basis for the release of any property or securities subject to the lien of
this Indenture, the Issuer shall, in addition to any obligation imposed in
Section 11.1(a) or elsewhere in this Indenture, furnish to the Trustee, with a
copy thereof to the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders, an Officer's Certificate
certifying or stating the opinion of each person signing such certificate as to
the fair value (on the date of such deposit) to the Issuer of the Collateral or
other property or securities to be so deposited.

         (c) Other than with respect to the release of any Purchased Receivables
or Liquidated Receivables or the release, if any, of any Receivables upon a
mandatory or partial prepayment of the Notes and other amounts due to the Note
Purchaser from the Issuer under the Basic Documents pursuant to Section 10.1,
whenever any property or securities are to be released from the lien of this
Indenture, the Issuer shall also furnish, prior to or contemporaneous with such
release, to the Trustee, with a copy thereof to the Note Purchaser and the
Noteholders, an Officer's Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of each
person signing such certificate as to the fair value (such fair value to be as
of a date within 90 days of such release) of the property or securities proposed
to be released and stating that in the opinion of such person the proposed
release will not impair the security under this Indenture in contravention of
the provisions hereof.

         (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.10 or any provision of this Section, the
Issuer may (A) collect, liquidate, sell or otherwise dispose of Receivables as
and to the extent permitted or required by the Basic Documents and (B) make cash
payments out of the Pledged Accounts as and to the extent permitted or required
by the Basic Documents.


                                      -44-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 11.2 FORM OF DOCUMENTS DELIVERED TO TRUSTEE. In any case where
several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of,
any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by,
or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified
or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an
opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to
other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such
matters in one or several documents.

         (a) Any certificate or opinion of an Authorized Officer of the Issuer
may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or
opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless such officer knows, or in the
exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or
representations with respect to the matters upon which his or her certificate or
opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate of an Authorized Officer or
Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon
a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of
the Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser or the Issuer, stating that the
information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the
Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser or the Issuer, unless such counsel knows, or
in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion
or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous.

         (b) Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more
applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other
instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and
form one instrument.

         (c) Whenever in this Indenture, in connection with any application or
certificate or report to the Trustee, it is provided that the Issuer shall
deliver any document as a condition of the granting of such application, or as
evidence of the Issuer's compliance with any term hereof, it is intended that
the truth and accuracy, at the time of the granting of such application or at
the effective date of such certificate or report (as the case may be), of the
facts and opinions stated in such document shall in such case be conditions
precedent to the right of the Issuer to have such application granted or to the
sufficiency of such certificate or report. The foregoing shall not, however, be
construed to affect the Trustee's right to rely upon the truth and accuracy of
any statement or opinion contained in any such document as provided in Article
VI.

         SECTION 11.3 ACTS OF THE NOTEHOLDERS OR THE NOTE PURCHASER. Any
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other
action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by a Noteholder or the
Note Purchaser may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of
substantially similar tenor signed by such Noteholder or the Note Purchaser in
person or by agents duly appointed in writing; and except as herein otherwise
expressly provided such action shall become effective when such instrument or
instruments are delivered to the Trustee, and, where it is hereby expressly
required, to the Issuer. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied
therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the "ACT" of
the Noteholders or the Note Purchaser signing such instrument or instruments.
Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such
agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to
Section 6.1) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Issuer, if made in the
manner provided in this Section.


                                      -45-
<PAGE>

         (a) The fact and date of the execution by any person of any such
instrument or writing may be proved in any customary manner of the Trustee.

         (b) The ownership of the Notes shall be proved by the Note Register.

         (c) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent,
waiver or other action by a Holder of a Note shall bind each Holder of such Note
issued upon the registration thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof,
in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or
the Issuer in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made
upon such Note.

         SECTION 11.4 NOTICES, ETC., TO TRUSTEE, ISSUER, THE NOTE PURCHASER AND
NOTEHOLDERS. Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent,
waiver or Act of the Noteholders or the Note Purchaser or other documents
provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to
or filed with:

                  (i) the Trustee by the Note Purchaser, the Noteholders or by
         the Issuer shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if
         personally delivered, delivered by overnight courier or mailed
         certified mail, return receipt requested and shall be deemed to have
         been duly given upon receipt of the Trustee at its Corporate Trust
         Office;

                  (ii) the Issuer by the Trustee or by the Note Purchaser or the
         Noteholders shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if
         personally delivered, delivered by overnight courier or mailed
         certified mail, return receipt requested and shall deemed to have been
         duly given upon receipt by the Issuer at the Corporate Trust Office of
         the Owner Trustee, with a copy to Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc.
         16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine, California 92618 Attention: Mark
         Creatura, Esq. Confirmation: (888) 785-6691, Telecopy No. (949)
         753-6897 or at such other address previously furnished in writing to
         the Trustee by the Issuer. The Issuer shall promptly transmit any
         notice received by it from the Noteholders or the Note Purchaser to the
         Trustee; or

                  (iii) the Note Purchaser shall be sufficient for any purpose
         hereunder if in writing and delivered by overnight courier or mailed
         certified mail, return receipt requested, or personally delivered or
         telexed or telecopied to the recipient as follows (or such other
         address previously furnished in writing to the Trustee):

                  To the Note Purchaser:

                  Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.,
                  as agent for Bear, Stearns International Limited
                  383 Madison Ave., 10th Floor
                  Attention:  Clark MacKenzie
                  New York, New York  10179

                  Telephone: 212-272-4076
                  Telecopy:  917-849-1151


                                      -46-
<PAGE>

                  w/ a copy to:

                  Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.,
                  as agent for Bear, Stearns International Limited
                  383 Madison Ave., 10th Floor
                  Attention:  Michael Solender
                  New York, New York  10179

                  Telephone: 212-272-7850
                  Telecopy:  917-849-10728
                  Telecopy:  212-272-2053

                  (iv) the Noteholders shall be sufficient for any purpose
         hereunder if in writing and delivered by overnight courier or mailed
         certified mail, return receipt requested, or personally delivered or
         telexed or telecopied to the recipient's contact information reflected
         in the Note Register.

                  (v) The Note Purchaser may deliver to the Noteholders any
         notices, reports, Servicer's Certificates or any other documentation
         delivered to the Note Purchaser hereunder or under any Basic Document,
         but is under no obligation to so deliver such documentation and shall
         not be liable for the content thereof.

         SECTION 11.5 WAIVER. Where this Indenture provides for notice in any
manner, such notice may be waived in writing by any Person entitled to receive
such notice with respect to itself only, either before or after the event, and
such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by the
Note Purchaser or a Noteholder shall be filed with the Trustee but such filing
shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in
reliance upon such a waiver. In case, by reason of the suspension of regular
mail service as a result of a strike, work stoppage or similar activity, it
shall be impractical to mail notice of any event to the Note Purchaser or a
Noteholder when such notice is required to be given pursuant to any provision of
this Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be satisfactory
to the Trustee shall be deemed to be a sufficient giving of such notice.

         SECTION 11.6 ALTERNATE PAYMENT AND NOTICE PROVISIONS. Notwithstanding
any provision of this Indenture or the Notes to the contrary, the Issuer may
enter into any agreement with a Holder of a Note or the Note Purchaser providing
for a method of payment, or notice by the Trustee or the Note Paying Agent to
such Holder or the Note Purchaser, that is different from the methods provided
for in this Indenture for such payments or notices, provided that such methods
are reasonable and consented to by the Trustee (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld). The Issuer will furnish to the Trustee a copy of each
such agreement and the Trustee will cause payments to be made and notices to be
given in accordance with such agreements.


                                      -47-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 11.7 EFFECT OF HEADINGS AND TABLE OF CONTENTS. The Article and
Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and
shall not affect the construction hereof.

         SECTION 11.8 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. All covenants and agreements in
this Indenture and the Note by the Issuer shall bind its successors and assigns,
whether so expressed or not. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture
shall bind its successors.

         SECTION 11.9 BENEFITS OF INDENTURE. Nothing in this Indenture or in the
Notes, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties
hereto and their successors hereunder, the Note Purchaser (which shall be a
third-party beneficiary of this Indenture) and its successors and assigns, and
the Noteholders, and any other party secured hereunder, and any other Person
with an ownership interest in any part of the Trust Estate, any benefit or any
legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.

         SECTION 11.10 SEVERABILITY. In case any provision in this Indenture or
in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality,
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected
or impaired thereby.

         SECTION 11.11 LEGAL HOLIDAYS. In any case where the date on which any
payment is due shall not be a Business Day, then (notwithstanding any other
provision of the Notes, this Indenture or any other Basic Document) payment need
not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day
with the same force and effect as if made on the date on which nominally due,
and no interest shall accrue for the period from and after any such nominal
date.

         SECTION 11.12 GOVERNING LAW. THIS INDENTURE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS
CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS
LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE
DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

         SECTION 11.13 COUNTERPARTS. This Indenture may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an
original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the
same instrument. Any signature page to this Indenture containing a manual
signature may be delivered by facsimile transmission or other electronic
communication device capable of transmitting or creating a printable written
record, and when so delivered shall have the effect of delivery of an original
manually signed signature page.

         SECTION 11.14 RECORDING OF INDENTURE. If this Indenture is subject to
recording in any appropriate public recording offices, such recording is to be
effected by the Issuer and at its expense accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel
(which may be counsel to the Trustee or any other counsel reasonably acceptable
to the Trustee) to the effect that such recording is necessary either for the
protection of the Noteholders, the Note Purchaser or any other Person secured
hereunder or for the enforcement of any right or remedy granted to the Trustee
under this Indenture.


                                      -48-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 11.15 ISSUER OBLIGATION. The obligations of the Issuer under
this Indenture and the other Basic Documents shall be full recourse obligations
of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no recourse may be taken, directly
or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee on
the Notes, under this Indenture, any other Basic Document or any certificate or
other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (i) the
Trustee in its individual capacity (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in
the Issuer or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director,
employee or agent of the Issuer or the Trustee in its individual capacity, any
holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or the Trustee or of any successor
or assign of the Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person
may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee has no such
obligations in its individual capacity) and except that any such partner, owner
or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law,
for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure
to pay any installment or call owing to such entity. Nothing contained in this
Section shall limit or be deemed to limit any obligations of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer hereunder or under any other Basic
Document, as applicable, which obligations are full recourse obligations of the
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer.

         SECTION 11.16 NO PETITION. The Trustee, by entering into this
Indenture, hereby covenants and agrees that it will not at any time institute
against the Issuer, or join in any institution against the Issuer of, any
bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings,
or other proceedings under any United States Federal or state bankruptcy or
similar law in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, this
Indenture or any of the Basic Documents.

         SECTION 11.17 INSPECTION. The Issuer agrees that, on reasonable prior
notice, it will permit any representative of the Note Purchaser, a Noteholder or
the Trustee, during the Issuer's normal business hours, to examine all the books
of account, records, reports, and other papers of the Issuer, to make copies and
extracts therefrom, to cause such books to be audited by independent certified
public accountants, and to discuss the Issuer's affairs, finances and accounts
with the Issuer's officers, employees, and independent certified public
accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as may be reasonably
requested. Each of the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders shall and
shall cause their respective representatives to hold in confidence all such
information except to the extent disclosure may be required by law (and all
reasonable applications for confidential treatment are unavailing) and except to
the extent that the Trustee may reasonably determine that such disclosure is
consistent with its Obligations hereunder.

         SECTION 11.18 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, together with the other
Basic Documents, including the exhibits and schedules thereto, contains a final
and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement
among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding
all previous oral statements and other writings with respect thereto.


                                      -49-
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer and the Trustee have caused this
Indenture to be duly executed by their respective officers, hereunto duly
authorized, all as of the day and year first above written.

                                      PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC, as Issuer

                                      By:______________________________________
                                      Name:____________________________________
                                      Title:___________________________________


                                      WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
                                      as Trustee

                                      By:______________________________________
                                      Name:____________________________________
                                      Title:___________________________________



                                      -50-
<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT A

                              VARIABLE FUNDING NOTE

REGISTERED                                Maximum Invested Amount: $150,000,000


No. A-1  _________                            Percentage Interest:_____________%


                       SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN CONDITIONS

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR "BLUE
SKY" LAWS AND MAY BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED ONLY TO (I) THE ISSUER (UPON
REDEMPTION THEREOF OR OTHERWISE) OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER (AS CERTIFIED BY
THE ISSUER) OR (2) AN INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR THAT IS AN "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" AS
DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE, SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED
IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR
ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY
OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ALSO ARE INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS
UNLESS THE HOLDER IS A BANK ACTING IN ITS FIDUCIARY CAPACITY) (3) SO LONG AS
THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT,
IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A TO A PERSON THAT EXECUTES
A CERTIFICATE, SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE
EFFECT THAT SUCH PERSON IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE
144A), ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH
OTHERS ALSO ARE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE
SALE, PLEDGE, OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, , OR (4) IN A
TRANSACTION OTHERWISE EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT, APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR
ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, IN EACH SUCH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE INDENTURE AND
ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER
JURISDICTION: PROVIDED, THAT, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (4), THE TRUSTEE OR THE
ISSUER MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE
EFFECTED WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, WHICH OPINION OF
COUNSEL, IF SO REQUIRED, SHALL BE ADDRESSED TO THE ISSUER AND THE TRUSTEE AND
SHALL BE SECURED AT THE EXPENSE OF THE HOLDER. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO
THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR RESALES OF THIS
NOTE.


                                      A-1
<PAGE>

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AND SUBJECT TO INCREASES
AND DECREASES AS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE INDENTURE. ACCORDINGLY, THE
OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE
AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.

THE NOTE REGISTRAR SHALL NOT REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE OF THIS NOTE TO
THE EXTENT THAT UPON SUCH TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE THERE WOULD BE MORE THAN FOUR (4)
PERSONS REFLECTED ON THE NOTE REGISTER AS NOTEHOLDERS.



                             PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC
                              VARIABLE FUNDING NOTE

PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (herein referred to
as the "ISSUER"), for value received, hereby promises to pay to
[________________] (the "NOTEHOLDER"), or its registered assigns, such
Noteholder's pro rata portion (based on the Percentage Interest reflected on the
face of this Note) of the principal sum of ONE HUNDRED FIFTY MILLION DOLLARS
($150,000,000.00) or, if less, the Holders pro rata portion (based on the
Percentage Interest reflected on the face of this Note) of the aggregate unpaid
principal amount outstanding under all of the Notes (whether or not shown on the
schedule attached hereto (or such electronic counterpart maintained by the
Trustee)), which amount shall be payable in the amounts and at the times set
forth in Section 2.8(b) of the Indenture. The Issuer will pay interest on the
Holder's pro rata portion of Advances under all of the Notes at the Note
Interest Rate. Such interest on Advances shall be due and payable on each
Settlement Date until the principal of this Note is paid or made available for
payment, to the extent funds will be available from the Collection Account
processed from and including the preceding Settlement Date to but excluding each
such Settlement Date in respect of (a) an amount equal to interest accrued for
the related Interest Period, which will be equal to the sum of the products, for
each day during the related Interest Period, of (i) the Note Interest Rate for
such date during the Interest Period, (ii) the Aggregate Principal Balance as of
the close of business on such date divided by 360 and (iii) the applicable
Percentage Interest, plus (b) an amount equal to a pro rata portion of any
accrued and unpaid Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall with respect to
prior Interest Periods, with interest on the amount of such Noteholders'
Interest Carryover Shortfall at the Note Interest Rate from the first Business
Day of the related Interest Period. Prior to the Facility Termination Date and
unless an Event of Default shall have occurred, the Issuer shall only be
required to make interest payments on the Invested Amount of the Note to the
holder hereof; provided that the Issuer may, at its option, prepay the Invested
Amount of the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time pursuant to Section 10.1
of the Indenture. Following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders may declare the Invested Amount of the
Notes to be immediately due and payable at par, together with accrued interest
thereon, in accordance with Section 5.2 of the Indenture. Principal of and
interest on this Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse
hereof.


                                      A-2
<PAGE>

The principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or currency
of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for
payment of public and private debts. This Note does not represent an interest
in, or an obligation of, the Servicer or any affiliate of the Servicer other
than the Issuer.

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the
reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on
the face of this Note. Although a summary of certain provisions of the Indenture
are set forth below and on the reverse hereof and made a part hereof, this Note
does not purport to summarize the Indenture and reference is made to the
Indenture for information with respect to the interests, rights, benefits,
obligations, proceeds and duties evidenced hereby and the rights, duties and
obligations of the Servicer and the Trustee. A copy of the Indenture may be
requested from the Trustee by writing to the Trustee at: Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, 6th & Marquette, MAC N9311-161, Minneapolis, Minnesota
55479, Attention: Corporate Trust Services, -- Asset Backed Administration. To
the extent not defined herein, the capitalized terms used herein have the
meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee
whose name appears below by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to
any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid
or obligatory for any purpose.





                            [Signature page follows.]


                                      A-3
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed,
manually or in facsimile, by its Authorized Officer.

Date: November __, 2005               PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC

                                      By:______________________________________
                                      Name:____________________________________
                                      Title:___________________________________





                     TRUSTEE'S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

         This is the Note issued under the within-mentioned Indenture.

                                     WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not
                                     in its individual capacity, but solely as
                                     Trustee


                                     By:______________________________________
                                        Authorized Signature



                                      A-4
<PAGE>

                               REVERSE OF THE NOTE


This Note is the duly authorized Note of the Issuer, designated as its Variable
Funding Note (herein called the "NOTE"), issued under (i) the Indenture, dated
as of November 15, 2005 (such Indenture, as the same may be amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the
terms thereof, is herein called the "INDENTURE"), between the Issuer and Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee
(the "TRUSTEE", which term includes any successor Trustee under the Indenture),
to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby
made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the
Issuer, the Trustee, the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders. The Note is subject
to all terms of the Indenture. All terms used in this Note that are defined in
the Indenture, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
in accordance with the terms thereof, shall have the meanings assigned to them
in or pursuant to the Indenture, as so amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified.

"SETTLEMENT DATE" means, with respect to each Accrual Period, the 15th day of
the following calendar month, or if such day is not a Business Day, the
immediately following Business Day, commencing on December 15, 2005.

As described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due
and payable on the Facility Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
an Event of Default or shall have occurred and be continuing then, in certain
circumstances, principal on the Note may be paid earlier, as described in the
Indenture.

Payments of interest on this Note due and payable on each Settlement Date,
together with the installment of principal then due, if any, and any payments of
principal made on any Business Day in respect of any prepayments, to the extent
not in full payment of this Note, shall be made by wire transfer to the Holder
of record of this Note (or any predecessor Note) on the Note Register as of the
close of business on each Record Date. Any reduction in the principal amount of
this Note (or any predecessor Note) effected by any payments made on any date
shall be binding upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued
upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu
hereof, whether or not noted thereon. Final payment of principal (together with
any accrued and unpaid interest) on this Note will be paid to the Noteholders
only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at the Corporate Trust Office
for cancellation by the Trustee.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Note
Interest Rate (calculated for this purpose using the Default Applicable Margin)
to the extent lawful.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth
therein, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Note Register upon
surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency
designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, duly endorsed by, or
accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the
Issuer and the Registrar duly executed by the Holder hereof or his attorney duly
authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized
Percentage Interest and in the same aggregate Percentage Interest will be issued
to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged


                                      A-5
<PAGE>

for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the transferor
may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental
charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer
or exchange. Other than exchanges pursuant to Section 9.6 of the Indenture not
involving a transfer.

The obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture, this Note and the other Basic
Documents shall be full recourse obligations of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Noteholder, by its acceptance of this Note, covenants and agrees
that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the
obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee on the Notes, under the Indenture or
any other Basic Document or any certificate or other writing delivered in
connection herewith or therewith, against (i) the Trustee in its individual
capacity (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or (iii) any
partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director, employee or agent of the
Issuer or the Trustee in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer or the Trustee or of any successor or assign of the
Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly
agreed (it being understood that the Trustee has no such obligations in its
individual capacity) and except that any such partner, owner or beneficiary
shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid
consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any
installment or call owing to such entity. Nothing contained in this Section
shall limit or be deemed to limit any obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser,
the Seller or the Servicer hereunder or under any other Basic Document, as
applicable, which obligations are full recourse obligations of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer.

Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of this Note, covenants and agrees that by
accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Noteholder will not institute
against the Issuer, or join in any institution against the Issuer of, any
bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings
under any United States Federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection
with any obligations relating to the Note, the Indenture or the Basic Documents.

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the
Trustee and any agent of the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name the Note
(as of the applicable Record Date) is registered as the owner hereof for all
purposes, whether or not the Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the
Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

It is the intent of the Issuer and the Noteholders that, for Federal, State and
local income and franchise tax purposes, this Note will evidence indebtedness of
the Issuer secured by the Collateral. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of the
Note, agrees to treat the Note for Federal, State and local income and franchise
tax purposes as indebtedness of the Issuer.

The Indenture permits in certain circumstances, with certain exceptions as
therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and
obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Note Purchaser and the
Noteholders under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of
the Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders. The Indenture also contains
provisions permitting the Note Purchaser and/or the Majority Noteholders to
waive compliance by the Issuer with certain past defaults under the Indenture
and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Note Purchaser and the
Majority Noteholders (or the Holders of any predecessor Note) shall be
conclusive and binding upon the Note Purchaser, the current Noteholders and all


                                      A-6
<PAGE>

future Noteholders and of this Note issued upon the registration of transfer
hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such
consent or waiver is made upon this Note.

The Indenture also permits the Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and
conditions set forth in the Indenture without the consent of the Note Purchaser
and the Majority Noteholders.

The term "ISSUER" as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuer
under the Indenture.

This Note is issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in
the Indenture, subject to certain limitations set forth therein.

This Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the law of the
State of New York, without reference to its conflict of law provisions (other
than Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law), and the obligations, rights
and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in
accordance with such law.

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the
Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute
and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the
times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency herein prescribed, subject
to any duty of the Issuer to deduct or withhold any amounts as required by law,
including any applicable U.S. withholding taxes.


                                      A-7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cps_10kex10-12.txt
<DESCRIPTION>NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.12

                             NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         THIS NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of November 15, 2005 (as
amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms hereof, this "AGREEMENT"), is made among PAGE THREE
FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "ISSUER"), CONSUMER
PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC., a California corporation ("CPS" or the "SERVICER"),
and BEAR, STEARNS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED, a limited liability company incorporate
in England and Wales, as Note Purchaser (in such capacity, together with any
successors in such capacity, the "NOTE PURCHASER").

                                 R E C I T A L S
                                 ---------------

                  1. Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, the Issuer and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a national
banking association, as trustee (together with its successors in trust
thereunder as provided in the Indenture referred to below, the "TRUSTEE"), are
entering into the Indenture, of even date herewith (as the same may be amended,
supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance
with the terms thereof, the "INDENTURE"), pursuant to which the Issuer will
issue a class of Variable Funding Notes (the "NOTES").

                  2. The security for the Notes will include retail installment
sale contracts secured by the new and used automobiles, vans, minivans and light
trucks financed thereby and certain other Conveyed Property. The Receivables
will initially be serviced by CPS. The Notes will be secured by the Receivables,
which will be pledged by the Issuer to the Trustee from time to time pursuant to
the Indenture.

                  3. The Issuer will acquire a pool of Receivables (the "INITIAL
RECEIVABLES") from CPS pursuant to a Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of
November 15, 2005 (such date, the "INITIAL CUTOFF DATE" and such agreement, the
"SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT"), among the Issuer, as purchaser, CPS, as seller
and servicer (in such capacities, the "SELLER" and the "SERVICER,"
respectively), and the Trustee. The Issuer will in turn pledge the Initial
Receivables to the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. From time to time prior to
the Facility Termination Date pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the
Seller will sell, and the Issuer will purchase, additional pools of Receivables
(the "ADDITIONAL RECEIVABLES" and, together with the Initial Receivables, the
"RECEIVABLES") secured by the new and used automobiles, vans, minivans and light
trucks financed thereby and certain other Conveyed Property. The Initial
Receivables and the Additional Receivables will be described in the schedules to
one or more assignments by the Seller to the Issuer (each, an "ASSIGNMENT")
dated as of the cutoff date specified therein (such date, a "CUTOFF DATE" and
each date of transfer, a "FUNDING DATE", in each case with respect to the
related Receivables and other Collateral). The Issuer will in turn pledge the
Additional Receivables to the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. In addition to
the Receivables, repayment of the Notes will be secured by a security interest
in the other Collateral.

                  4. The Issuer wishes to issue the Notes in favor of the Note
Purchaser and obtain the agreement of the Note Purchaser to purchase the Notes
and to purchase increases in the Notes from time to time (each, an "ADVANCE"),
all of which Advances (including the Initial Advance) will constitute Advances,
and all of which Advances (including the Initial Advance) will be evidenced by

<PAGE>

the Notes purchased in connection herewith. Each Advance and all Advance Amounts
with respect thereto will rank pari passu and will be secured by all of the
Collateral regardless of whether a particular Receivable was pledged to the
Trustee prior to, on the date of, or subsequent to the date of such Advance or
Advance Amount without preference or priority of any kind. Subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, the Note
Purchaser is willing to purchase Advances from time to time in an aggregate
outstanding amount up to the Maximum Invested Amount until the Facility
Termination Date. CPS has joined in this Agreement to confirm certain
representations, warranties and covenants made by it as Servicer and as Seller
for the benefit of the Note Purchaser.

                                   ARTICLE I
                                   DEFINITIONS

         SECTION 1.01 DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement and unless the
context requires a different meaning, capitalized terms used but not defined
herein (including the preamble and the recitals hereto) shall have the meanings
assigned to such terms in Annex A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The
definitions of such terms are applicable to the singular as well as the plural
form of such terms and to the masculine as well as the feminine and neuter
genders of such terms:

                                   ARTICLE II
                          PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE NOTE

         SECTION 2.01 THE INITIAL NOTE PURCHASE. On the terms and conditions set
forth in the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and this Agreement, and
in reliance on the covenants, representations and agreements set forth herein
and therein, the Issuer shall issue and cause the Trustee to authenticate and
deliver to the Note Purchaser the Notes on the Closing Date. The Notes shall be
dated the Closing Date, registered in the name of "Bear, Stearns Securities
Corp.", the nominee of the Note Purchaser, and duly authenticated in accordance
with the provisions of the Indenture.

         SECTION 2.02 ADVANCES. Upon the Issuer's request, delivered in
accordance with the provisions of SECTION 2.03, subject to the satisfaction of
all conditions precedent thereto and to the terms and conditions of the Basic
Documents, and in reliance upon the representations and warranties set forth
herein and therein, the Note Purchaser shall purchase Advances from time to time
during the Term at the relevant Advance Amount; provided that no Advance shall
be required or permitted to be purchased on any date if, after giving effect to
such Advance, (a) the Invested Amount would exceed the Maximum Invested Amount
or (b) a Borrowing Base Deficiency exists or would exist. Subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and the Indenture, the aggregate principal
amount of the Notes outstanding may be increased, to a maximum amount not to
exceed the Maximum Advance Amount, or decreased from time to time.


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 2.03 ADVANCE AND PREPAYMENT PROCEDURES.

                  (a) Whenever the Issuer wishes the Note Purchaser to purchase
an Advance, the Issuer shall (or shall cause the Servicer to) notify the Note
Purchaser by telephone, promptly followed by written notice, with an electronic
copy of such notice sent to the Note Purchaser, substantially in the form of
EXHIBIT B hereto (each such request, an "ADVANCE REQUEST"), together with the
related Addition Notice, a Borrowing Base Certificate and a data tape or other
electronic file containing information regarding the Related Receivables to be
transferred on such Funding Date delivered to the Note Purchaser no later than
2:00 p.m. (New York City time) four (4) Business Days prior to the proposed
Funding Date. Each such Advance Request shall be irrevocable and shall in each
case refer to this Agreement and specify the aggregate amount of the requested
Advance to be purchased on such date, which amount shall be not less than
$2,000,000. The Note Purchaser shall promptly thereafter (but in no event later
than 11:00 a.m. New York City time on the proposed Funding Date) notify the
Issuer whether the Note Purchaser has determined to purchase the requested
Advance. On the Funding Date, subject to the other conditions set forth herein,
in the Indenture, and in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Note Purchaser
shall pay the Advance Amount for such Advance to or at the direction of the
Issuer, by wire transfer in U.S. dollars of such amount in same day funds to an
account designated by the Issuer or its designee on the related Funding Date.
The Issuer hereby directs the Note Purchaser to pay the Advance Amount for each
Advance to CPS for the benefit of the Issuer.

                  (b) No later than three (3) Business Days prior to a proposed
Funding Date, the Seller shall either (i) transmit to the Note Purchaser or its
designee in electronic format or (ii) make scanned copies available to the Note
Purchaser or its designee for review by the Note Purchaser or its designee at
the Seller's offices during normal business hours, of a statistically
significant sample of the credit files of the Related Receivables, such sample
size to be determined and sample selected in the discretion of the Note
Purchaser.

                  (c) The Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part in accordance
with Article X of the Indenture.

         SECTION 2.04 THE NOTES. On each date an Advance is purchased,
increasing the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, and on each date the
outstanding principal amount of the Notes is reduced, a duly authorized officer,
employee or agent of the Note Purchaser shall make appropriate notations in its
books and records of the amount of such Advance and the amount of such
reduction, as applicable. Every such notation shall be dispositive of the
accuracy of the information so recorded and shall be conclusive and binding on
the Issuer absent manifest error.

         SECTION 2.05 COMMITMENT TERM; OPTIONAL RENEWAL. The "TERM" of the
Commitment hereunder shall be for a period commencing on the Closing Date and
ending on the Facility Termination Date. Thereafter, the Term may be extended
for one or two additional 364-day periods in the respective discretion, and upon
the mutual agreement. of the parties, which agreement may take the form of
changing the specified "Facility Termination Date" together with such other
terms upon which the parties may agree. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
contained in this SECTION 2.05 shall obligate any of the parties hereto to
extend any Term unless it shall desire to do so in its sole discretion.

         SECTION 2.06 APPOINTMENT OF TRUSTEE UNDER INDENTURE. The Note Purchaser
hereby acknowledges and approves the appointment of Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association as the Trustee with respect to the Collateral pursuant to Section
6.13 of the Indenture.


                                      -3-
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE III
                                      FEES

         SECTION 3.01 FEES.

                  (a) On the Closing Date, the Issuer and the Servicer shall
jointly and severally pay or cause to be paid to the Note Purchaser a
structuring fee equal to the product of (x) 0.50% and (y) the Maximum Invested
Amount.

                  (b) On each Settlement Date, the Issuer and the Servicer will,
jointly and severally, pay or cause to be paid the Commitment Fee to the Note
Purchaser pursuant to Section 5.8(a)(iv) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  (c) The Issuer and the Servicer shall jointly and severally
pay or reimburse Note Purchaser on the Closing Date and thereafter within 30
days following presentment of invoices for all its reasonable out-of-pocket
fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the development,
preparation and execution of, and any amendment, modification or supplement to,
or any waiver under, any Basic Document and any other document prepared in
connection therewith, and the consummation and administration of the
transactions contemplated thereby, including, without limitation, the reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel to Note Purchaser with respect to any of the
foregoing, including, without limitation, such fees and disbursements incurred
in advising Note Purchaser from time to time as to its rights and remedies under
any Basic Document. Such expenses related to the establishment of this facility
shall be capped at $100,000 and shall be payable by the Issuer whether or not
the transaction closes.

                  (d) The Issuer and the Seller each hereby, jointly and
severally, grant the Note Purchaser (including any of its Affiliates) the right
to place a minimum of $300 million of investment grade notes collateralized by
certain Eligible Receivables during the Term. On the closing date for each such
securitization, the Issuer and the Seller, jointly and severally hereby agree to
pay, and shall pay or cause to be paid, a placement fee to the Note Purchaser
(or such Affiliate of the Note Purchaser) in an amount equal to 0.40% of the
aggregate par amount of the investment-grade notes sold pursuant to such
securitization. If less than $300 million in par amount of such investment grade
securities are sold through the Note Purchaser (or its Affiliate) pursuant to
securitizations during the Term, the Issuer and the Seller jointly and severally
hereby agree to pay, and shall pay or cause to be paid, the Minimum Placement
Fee to the Note Purchaser (or such Affiliate). Such Minimum Placement Fee will
be due and payable to the Note Purchaser (or its Affiliate) on the Minimum
Placement Fee Payment Date whether or not the Seller provides the Note Purchaser
(or its Affiliate) the opportunity to place such investment-grade notes. The
Seller will pay all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with each
such securitization transaction, including, without limitation, rating agency
fees and legal due diligence expenses. In addition, the Seller hereby grants the
Note Purchaser the exclusive right to act as placement agent for sales of
non-investment grade securities issued in connection with each such


                                      -4-
<PAGE>

securitization for a placement fee for such transaction that will be equal to
the greater of (x) the product of 200 basis points and the aggregate par amount
of non-investment grade securities sold in such securitization and (y) $100,000.
Such placement fee will be subject to the sale of such non-investment grade
securities upon terms that are acceptable to the Seller in its sole discretion.

         SECTION 3.02 INCREASED COSTS, ETC. The Issuer agrees to reimburse the
Note Purchaser for an increase in the cost of, or any reduction in the amount of
any sum receivable by the Note Purchaser, including reductions in the rate of
return on the Note Purchaser's capital, in respect of making, continuing or
maintaining (or of its obligation to make, continue or maintain) any Advances
that arise in connection with any change in, or the introduction, adoption,
effectiveness, interpretation reinterpretation or phase-in, in each case, after
the date hereof, of any law or regulation, directive, guideline, accounting
rule, decision or request (whether or not having the force of law) of any court,
central bank, regulator or other Governmental Authority, except for such changes
with respect to increased capital costs and taxes which are governed by SECTIONS
3.03 and 3.04, respectively. Each such demand shall be provided to the Issuer in
writing and shall state, in reasonable detail, the reasons therefor and the
additional amount required fully to compensate the Note Purchaser for such
increased cost or reduced amount or return. Such additional amounts shall be
payable by the Issuer to the Note Purchaser within five (5) Business Days of its
receipt of such notice, and such notice shall, in the absence of manifest error,
be conclusive and binding on the Issuer.

         SECTION 3.03 INCREASED CAPITAL COSTS. If any change in, or the
introduction, adoption, effectiveness, interpretation or reinterpretation or
phase-in, in each case after the date hereof, of any law or regulation,
directive, guideline, accounting rule, decision or request (whether or not
having the force of law) of any court, central bank, regulator or other
Governmental Authority affects or would affect the amount of capital required or
reasonably expected to be maintained by the Note Purchaser or any Person
controlling the Note Purchaser and the Note Purchaser reasonably determines that
the rate of return on its or such controlling Person's capital as a consequence
of its commitment or the purchases of Advances or the maintenance of the Notes
by the Note Purchaser is reduced to a level below that which the Note Purchaser
or such controlling Person would have achieved but for the occurrence of any
such circumstance, then, in any such case after notice from time to time by the
Note Purchaser to the Issuer, the Issuer shall pay to the Note Purchaser an
incremental commitment fee sufficient to compensate the Note Purchaser or such
controlling Person for such reduction in rate of return. A statement of the Note
Purchaser as to any such additional amount or amounts (including calculations
thereof in reasonable detail), in the absence of manifest error, shall be
conclusive and binding on the Issuer; and PROVIDED, FURTHER, that the initial
payment of such increased commitment fee shall include a payment for accrued
amounts due under this SECTION 3.03 prior to such initial payment. In
determining such additional amount, the Note Purchaser may use any method of
averaging and attribution that it shall reasonably deem applicable so long as it
applies such method to other similar transactions.

         SECTION 3.04 TAXES. All payments by the Issuer of principal of, and
interest on, the Notes and all other amounts payable hereunder (including fees)
and/or thereunder shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any
present or future income, excise, stamp or franchise taxes and other taxes,
fees, duties, withholdings or other charges of any nature whatsoever imposed by


                                      -5-
<PAGE>

any taxing authority, but excluding in the case of the Note Purchaser, taxes
imposed by the United States on or measured by its overall net income, overall
receipts or overall assets and franchise taxes imposed on it by the jurisdiction
in which the Note Purchaser is organized or is operating or any political
subdivision thereof (such non-excluded items being called "TAXES"); PROVIDED
THAT, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuer shall not be
required to increase any amounts payable to the Note Purchaser with respect to
any Taxes that are imposed on the Note Purchaser at the time of acquisition of
the Notes by the Note Purchaser. In the event that any withholding or deduction
from any payment to be made by the Issuer hereunder and/or thereunder is
required in respect of any Taxes pursuant to any applicable law, rule or
regulation, then the Issuer will:

                  (a) pay directly to the relevant authority the full amount
required to be so withheld or deducted;

                  (b) promptly forward to the Note Purchaser or its agent an
official receipt or other documentation evidencing such payment to such
authority; and

                  (c) pay to the Note Purchaser or its agent such additional
amount or amounts as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually
received by the Note Purchaser will equal the full amount the Note Purchaser
would have received had no such withholding or deduction been required.

                  Moreover, if any Taxes are directly asserted against the Note
Purchaser with respect to any payment received by the Note Purchaser, the Note
Purchaser or such agent may pay such Taxes and the Issuer will promptly upon
receipt of prior written notice stating the amount of such Taxes pay such
additional amounts (including any penalties, interest or expenses) as is
necessary in order that the net amount received by such person after the payment
of such Taxes (including any Taxes on such additional amount) shall equal the
amount the Note Purchaser would have received had not such Taxes been asserted.
The Note Purchaser shall make all reasonable efforts to avoid the imposition of
any Taxes that would give rise to an additional payment under this SECTION 3.04.

                  If the Issuer fails to pay any Taxes when due to the
appropriate taxing authority or fails to remit to the Note Purchaser the
required receipts or other required documentary evidence, the Issuer shall
indemnify the Note Purchaser for any Taxes and incremental Taxes, interest or
penalties that may become payable by the Note Purchaser as a result of any such
failure. For purposes of this SECTION 3.04, a distribution hereunder by the
agent for the Note Purchaser shall be deemed a payment by the Issuer.

         SECTION 3.05 MARK-TO-MARKET ADJUSTMENTS.

                  (a) In the event that a Borrowing Base Deficiency exists on
any date of determination as determined by the Note Purchaser in its sole
discretion, the Issuer shall on the same Business Day of the receipt of notice
from the Note Purchaser (or if notice is received after 10:01 a.m. New York
time, then on the next Business Day), prepay the Invested Amount by an amount
equal to such Borrowing Base Deficiency by paying such amount to or at the
direction of the Note Purchaser. If a Borrowing Base Deficiency is not fully
paid by the Issuer pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, then (i) on


                                      -6-
<PAGE>

any Funding Date, the Note Purchaser shall net and set-off the amount of any
outstanding Borrowing Base Deficiency against the amount of the Advance to be
made on such Funding Date and (ii) on each Settlement Date as of which any
portion of such Borrowing Base Deficiency shall remain outstanding, any amount
otherwise payable to the Issuer on such Settlement Date pursuant to Section
5.7(a)(viii) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement shall instead be paid to the
Note Purchaser on such Settlement Date as a prepayment of the Invested Amount
(the "Margin Call").

                  (b) The Servicer, the Seller and the Issuer shall cooperate
with the Note Purchaser and will execute and deliver, or cause to be executed
and delivered, all such documents that may be reasonably necessary to calculate
the Market Value, and will take all such other actions, as Note Purchaser may
reasonably request from time to time in order to calculate the Market Value. On
each Tuesday and each Thursday (provided such Tuesday or Thursday is a Business
Day) of each calendar week during the Term, the Note Purchaser shall advise the
Servicer of the Market Value, as calculated by the Note Purchaser in its sole
discretion.

         SECTION 3.06 ILLEGALITY; SUBSTITUTED INTEREST RATES.

                  Notwithstanding any other provisions herein, (a) if any
Requirement of Law or any change therein or in the interpretation or application
thereof shall make it unlawful for the Note Purchaser to make or maintain any
Notes at the LIBOR rate as contemplated by this Agreement, or (b) in the event
that the Note Purchaser shall have determined (which determination shall be
conclusive and binding upon the Issuer) that by reason of circumstances
affecting the LIBOR interbank market neither adequate nor reasonable means exist
for ascertaining the LIBOR rate, or (c) the Note Purchaser shall have determined
(which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer) that the
applicable LIBOR rate will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the
Note Purchaser of maintaining or funding the Notes based on such applicable
LIBOR rate (provided that the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the Note
Purchaser shall only make such determination if the published LIBOR rate used by
the Note Purchaser does not accurately reflect the actual LIBOR rate), (x) the
obligation of the Note Purchaser to make or maintain the Notes at the LIBOR rate
shall forthwith be suspended and the Note Purchaser shall promptly notify the
Issuer thereof (by telephone confirmed in writing) and (y) each Note then
outstanding, if any, shall, from and including the date that is forty-five (45)
days after the Issuer's receipt of notice from the Note Purchaser of the
occurrence of any condition set forth in clauses (a), (b) or (c), or at such
earlier date as may be required by law, until payment in full thereof, bear
interest at the rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) the Prime Rate and
(ii) the rate of interest (including the Applicable Margin) in effect on the
date immediately preceding the date any event described in clause (a), (b) or
(c) occurred (calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in a
year of 360 days). If subsequent to such suspension of the obligation of the
Note Purchaser to make or maintain the Notes at the LIBOR rate it becomes lawful
for the Note Purchaser to make or maintain the Notes at the LIBOR rate, or the
circumstances described in clause (b) or (c) above no longer exist, the Note
Purchaser shall so notify the Issuer and its obligation to do so shall be
reinstated effective as of the date it becomes lawful for the Note Purchaser to
make or maintain the Notes at the LIBOR rate or the circumstances described in
clause (b) or (c) above no longer exist.


                                      -7-
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IV
                               OTHER PAYMENT TERMS

         SECTION 4.01 TIME AND METHOD OF PAYMENT. Unless otherwise specified
herein, all amounts payable to the Note Purchaser hereunder or with respect to
the Note shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds in
Dollars not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the due date therefor.
Any funds received after that time will be deemed to have been received on the
next Business Day.

                                   ARTICLE V
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         SECTION 5.01 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ISSUER. The Issuer
makes the following representations and warranties, on which Note Purchaser
relies in purchasing the Notes and in making each Advance, and on which the
Trustee relies in receiving a security interest in the Receivables and the other
Collateral related thereto under the Indenture. Such representations are made as
of the date of this Agreement and as of each Funding Date, and shall survive the
issuance of the Notes, the making of each Advance and the grant of a security
interest in the Receivables and the other Collateral related thereto to the
Trustee under the Indenture.

                  (a) SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT. Each of the representations
and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in Section 7.1 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement is true and correct.

                  (b) OTHER OBLIGATIONS. The Issuer is not in default in the
performance, observance or fulfillment of any obligation, covenant or condition
in any of the Basic Documents to which it is a party or in any other agreement
or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound.

                  (c) REGULATIONS T, U AND X. No proceeds of any Advance will be
used, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer for the purpose of purchasing or
carrying any Margin Stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System) or for the purpose of reducing or retiring any
indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry Margin Stock or
for any other purpose which might cause any Advance to be a "purpose credit"
within the meaning of Regulation U. Neither the making of any Advance hereunder,
nor the use of the proceeds thereof, will violate or otherwise conflict with the
provisions of Regulations T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System.

                  (d) INVESTMENT COMPANY STATUS. The Issuer is not, nor will the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents cause the
Issuer to be, an "investment company" or an "affiliated person" of, or
"promoter" or "principal underwriter" for, an "investment company," as such
terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
"INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"), or a company "controlled" by an investment company
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents will not violate any provision
of such Act or any rule, regulation or order issued by the Securities and
Exchange Commission thereunder. The Issuer is not subject to regulation under
any applicable law (other than Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System) that limits its ability to incur Indebtedness.


                                      -8-
<PAGE>

                  (e) FULL DISCLOSURE. The information, reports, financial
statements, exhibits, schedules, officer's certificates and other documents
furnished by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Seller, the Servicer, the Note
Purchaser, the Trustee or the Backup Servicer in connection with any particular
Advance or the negotiation, preparation, delivery or performance of this
Agreement, the Notes, the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the
other Basic Documents or included herein or therein or delivered pursuant hereto
or thereto, taken as a whole, are true and correct (or, in the case of
projections, are based on good faith reasonable estimates) on the date as of
which such information is stated or certified and do not and will not contain an
untrue statement of a material fact, or omit to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements herein or therein contained, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All such financial
statements fairly present the financial condition of the Issuer as of the date
specified therein (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments) all in
accordance with GAAP. On such date, the Issuer had no material contingent
liabilities, liabilities for taxes, or unusual or anticipated losses from any
unfavorable commitments, except as referred to or reflected in such financial
statements as of such date. There is no fact known to the Issuer, after due
inquiry, that would have a Material Adverse Effect and that has not been
disclosed herein, in the other Basic Documents or in a report, financial
statement, exhibit, schedule, disclosure letter or other writing furnished to
the Note Purchaser for use in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby.

                  (f) COLLATERAL SECURITY.

                           (i) The Issuer owns and will own each item that it
         pledges as Collateral, free and clear of any and all Liens (including,
         without limitation, any tax liens), other than Liens created in favor
         of the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. No security agreement,
         financing statement or other public notice similar in effect with
         respect to all or any part of the Collateral is or will be on file or
         of record in any public office or authorized by the Issuer, except such
         as have been or may hereinafter be filed pursuant to the Basic
         Documents and except such as shall be terminated as to the Collateral
         no later than concurrently with the pledge of such Collateral to the
         Trustee under the Indenture.

                           (ii) The Indenture is effective to create, as
         collateral security for the Notes, a valid and enforceable Lien on the
         Collateral in favor of the Trustee.

                           (iii) Upon filing of the financing statement
         delivered to the Note Purchaser and the Trustee by the Issuer on or
         prior to the Closing Date with the Secretary of State of the State of
         Delaware (which financing statement is in proper form for filing in
         such jurisdiction and accurately describes the Collateral), the Lien
         created pursuant to the Indenture will constitute a perfected security
         interest in the Collateral in favor of the Trustee, which Lien will be
         prior to all other Liens of all other Persons that may be perfected by
         filing a financing statement under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial
         Code and which Lien is enforceable as such as against all other
         Persons.

                           (iv) Upon delivery of Contracts evidencing the
         Receivables to the Trustee in accordance with Section 2.1(a) of the
         Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Lien created pursuant to the
         Indenture will constitute a perfected security interest in such


                                      -9-
<PAGE>

         Contracts in favor of the Trustee, which Lien will be prior to all
         other Liens of all other Persons that may be perfected by possession of
         such Contracts under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code and which
         Lien is enforceable as such as against all other Persons.

                  (g) OWNERSHIP OF PROPERTIES. The Issuer has good and
marketable title to any and all of its properties and assets, subject only to a
Lien under the Indenture.

                  (h) LEGAL COUNSEL, ETC. The Issuer has consulted with its own
legal counsel and independent accountants to the extent it has deemed necessary
regarding the tax, accounting and regulatory consequences of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, and the Issuer is
not participating in such transactions in reliance on any representations of the
Note Purchaser or its Affiliates, or its counsel, with respect to tax,
accounting, regulatory or any other matters.

                  (i) THE INDENTURE. Each of the representations and warranties
of the Issuer contained in the Indenture is true and correct. No party to any
Basic Document is in default under any of its obligations thereunder.

                  (j) ELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES. All of the Receivables included in
the Borrowing Base are Eligible Receivables.

                  (k) NO FRAUDULENT CONVEYANCE. As of the Closing Date and
immediately after giving effect to each Borrowing, the fair value of the assets
of the Issuer is greater than the fair value of its liabilities (including,
without limitation, contingent liabilities of the Issuer), and the Issuer is and
will be solvent, does and will pay its debts as they mature and does not and
will not have an unreasonably small capital to engage in the business in which
it is engaged and proposes to engage. The Issuer does not intend to incur, or
believe that it has incurred, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they
mature. The Issuer is not in default under any material obligation to pay money
to any Person. The Issuer is not contemplating the commencement of insolvency,
bankruptcy, liquidation or consolidation proceedings or the appointment of a
receiver, liquidator, conservator, trustee or similar official in respect of the
Issuer or any of its assets. The Issuer is not transferring any Collateral with
any intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its creditors. The Issuer will not
use the proceeds from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any
other Basic Document to give any preference to any creditor or class of
creditors. The Issuer has given fair consideration and reasonably equivalent
value in exchange for the sale of the Receivables by CPS under the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

                  (l) NO OTHER BUSINESS. The Issuer engages in no business
activities other than the purchase of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed
Property, pledging the Receivables and the other Collateral to the Trustee under
the Indenture, transferring Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property in
connection with securitizations and in connection with whole-loan sales, issuing
the Notes and other activities relating to the foregoing to the extent permitted
by the organizational documents of the Issuer as in effect on the date hereof,
or as amended with the prior written consent of Note Purchaser. Without
limitation of the foregoing, the Issuer is not an issuer of securities other
than the Notes or a borrower under any loan or financing agreement, facility or
other arrangement other than the facility established pursuant to this Agreement
and the other Basic Documents.


                                      -10-
<PAGE>

                  (m) NO INDEBTEDNESS. The Issuer has no Indebtedness, other
than Indebtedness incurred under (or contemplated by) the terms of the Notes,
the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and this Agreement.

                  (n) ERISA. The Issuer does not maintain any Plans, and the
Issuer agrees to notify the Note Purchaser in advance of forming any Plans.
Neither the Issuer nor any Affiliate of the Issuer (other than MFN under the MFN
Financial Corporation Pension Plan and CPS under its defined contribution
(401(k)) plan) has any obligations or liabilities with respect to any Plans or
Multiemployer Plans, nor have any such Persons had any obligations or
liabilities with respect to any such Plans during the five year period prior to
the date this representation is made or deemed made. The Issuer will give notice
to the Note Purchaser if at any time it or any Affiliate has any obligations or
liabilities with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan. All Plans maintained
by the Issuer or any Affiliate are in substantial compliance with all applicable
laws (including ERISA). The Issuer is not an employer under any Multiemployer
Plan.

         SECTION 5.02 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CPS. CPS makes the
following representations and warranties, on which the Issuer relies in
purchasing the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property related thereto, and
on which the Note Purchaser relies in purchasing the Notes. Such representations
and warranties are made as of the date of this Agreement and as of each Funding
Date, and shall survive the sale by CPS to the Issuer of the Receivables and the
Other Conveyed Property related thereto under the Sale and Servicing Agreement,
the issuance of the Notes, the purchase of each Advance and the grant of a
security interest in the Receivables and the other Collateral related thereto by
the Issuer to the Trustee under the Indenture.

                  (a) SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT. Each of the representations,
warranties and covenants of the Seller and the Servicer in the Sale and
Servicing Agreement is true and correct.

                  (b) INVESTMENT COMPANY STATUS. CPS is not, nor will the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents cause CPS
to be, an "investment company" or an "affiliated person" of, or "promoter" or
"principal underwriter" for, an "investment company," as such terms are defined
in the Investment Company Act or a company "controlled by" an investment company
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each other Basic Document to
which CPS is a party will not violate any provision of such Act or any rule,
regulation or order issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder.
CPS is not subject to regulation under any applicable law (other than Regulation
X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) that limits its
ability to incur Indebtedness.

                  (c) NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT; NO DEFAULT. (i) CPS is not a
party to any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any lease or other agreement
or instrument or subject to any charter or corporate restriction that could
have, and no provision of applicable law or governmental regulation has had or
would have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) CPS is not in default under or
with respect to any contract, agreement, lease or other instrument to which CPS


                                      -11-
<PAGE>

is a party and which is material to CPS's condition (financial or otherwise),
business, operations or properties, and CPS has not delivered or received any
notice of default thereunder, other than such defaults as have been waived.

                  (d) REGULATIONS T, U AND X. No proceeds of any sale hereunder
will be used, directly or indirectly, by CPS for the purpose of purchasing or
carrying any Margin Stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System) or for the purpose of reducing or retiring any
indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry Margin Stock or
for any other purpose which might cause any sale hereunder to be a "purpose
credit" within the meaning of Regulation U. Neither the making of any Advance
hereunder, nor the use of the proceeds thereof, will violate or otherwise
conflict with the provisions of Regulations T, U or X of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System.

                  (e) SECURITY INTEREST. Notwithstanding the intent of the
parties set forth in Section 2.2 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Sale
and Servicing Agreement is effective to create valid and enforceable Liens on
the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property in favor of the Issuer. Upon
filing of the financing statement delivered to the Note Purchaser and the
Trustee by CPS on or prior to the Closing Date in each jurisdiction (including,
without limitation, the State of California) in which required by applicable law
(which financing statement is in proper form for filing in each such
jurisdiction and accurately describes the Collateral), the Lien created pursuant
to the Sale and Servicing Agreement will constitute a first priority perfected
security interest in the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property in favor of
the Purchaser, which Lien will be prior to all other Liens and which Lien is
enforceable as such as against all Persons.

                  (f) FULL DISCLOSURE. The information, reports, financial
statements, exhibits, schedules, officer's certificates and other documents
furnished by or on behalf of CPS, the Servicer, the Seller or any of their
respective Affiliates to the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Note Purchaser, the
Trustee or the Backup Servicer in connection with any particular Advance or the
negotiation, preparation, delivery or performance of this Agreement, the Notes
and the other Basic Documents or included herein or therein or delivered
pursuant hereto or thereto, taken as a whole, are true and correct in every
material respect (or, in the case of projections, are based on good faith
reasonable estimates) on the date as of which such information is stated or
certified and do not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material
fact, or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein
or therein contained, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. All such financial statements fairly present the financial
condition of CPS or such Affiliates as of the date specified therein (subject to
normal year-end audit adjustments) all in accordance with GAAP. On such date,
neither CPS nor any of its Affiliates had any material contingent liabilities,
liabilities for taxes, or unusual or anticipated losses from any unfavorable
commitments, except as referred to or reflected in such financial statements as
of such date. There is no fact known to CPS or any of its Affiliates, after due
inquiry, that would have a Material Adverse Effect and that has not been
disclosed herein, in the other Basic Documents or in a report, financial
statement, exhibit, schedule, disclosure letter or other writing furnished to
the Note Purchaser for use in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby.


                                      -12-
<PAGE>

(g) ERISA. Neither CPS nor any of its Affiliates maintain any Plans (other than
CPS's defined contribution (401(k)) plan and the MFN Financial Corporation
Pension Plan), and CPS agrees to notify the Note Purchaser in advance of forming
any Plans. Neither CPS nor any of its Affiliates has any obligations or
liabilities with respect to any Plans or Multiemployer Plans (other than CPS's
defined contribution (401(k)) plan and the MFN Financial Corporation Pension
Plan), nor have any such Persons had any obligations or liabilities with respect
to any such Plans during the five year period prior to the date this
representation is made or deemed made. CPS will give notice to the Note
Purchaser if at any time it or any Affiliate has any obligations or liabilities
with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan. All Plans maintained by CPS or
any of its Affiliates are in substantial compliance with all applicable laws
(including ERISA). CPS is not an employer under any Multiemployer Plan.

                  (h) INSURANCE. During the Term, CPS shall maintain such
insurance as is generally acceptable to prudent institutional investors and
usual and customary for similar companies in its industry.

         SECTION 5.03 REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE NOTE
PURCHASER. The Note Purchaser hereby covenants to the Issuer and the Servicer
that it will perform the obligations required of it under the Basic Documents in
accordance with the terms of the Basic Documents. In addition, the Note
Purchaser represents and warrants to the Issuer and the Servicer, as of the date
hereof (or as of a subsequent date on which a successor or assignee of the Note
Purchaser shall become a party hereto, in which case such successor or assignee
hereby represents and warrants to the Issuer and the Servicer), that:

                  (a) it has had an opportunity to discuss the Issuer's and the
Servicer's business, management and financial affairs, and the terms and
conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents, with the
Issuer and the Servicer and their respective representatives;

                  (b) it is either (i) a "qualified institutional buyer" as such
term is defined under Rule 144A of the Securities Act or (ii) an "accredited
investor" within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D
under the Securities Act and has sufficient knowledge and experience in
financial and business matters to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks
of investing in, and is able and prepared to bear the economic risk of investing
in, the Notes;

                  (c) it is purchasing the Notes for its own account, or for the
account of one or more (i) "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning
of Rule 144A of the Securities Act or (ii) "accredited investors" within the
meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities
Act that meet the criteria described in SUBSECTION (B), and for which it is
acting with complete investment discretion, for investment purposes only and not
with a view to distribution, subject, nevertheless, to the understanding that
the disposition of its property shall at all times be and remain within its
control;

                  (d) it understands that the Notes have not been and will not
be registered or qualified under the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities laws or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and are being
offered only in a transaction not involving any public offering within the
meaning of the Securities Act and may not be resold or otherwise transferred
unless so registered or qualified or unless an exemption from registration or
qualification is available, that the Issuer is not required to register the
Notes, and that any transfer must comply with provisions of SECTION 2.5 of the
Indenture and SECTION 8.03(B) of this Agreement;


                                      -13-
<PAGE>

                  (e) it understands that the Notes will bear the legend set out
in the form of Note attached as EXHIBIT A-1 to the Indenture and be subject to
the restrictions on transfer described in such legend;

                  (f) it will comply with all applicable federal and state
securities laws in connection with any subsequent resale of the Notes;

                  (g) it understands that the Notes may be offered, resold,
pledged or otherwise transferred only (A) to the Issuer, (B) in a transaction
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A under the Securities Act, (C) outside the
United States to a foreign person in a transaction meeting the requirements of
Regulation S under the Securities Act, or (D) in a transaction complying with or
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States
or any other jurisdiction;

                  (h) if it desires to offer, sell or otherwise transfer, pledge
or hypothecate the Notes as described in clause (B), (C) or (D) of the preceding
paragraph, the transferee of the Notes will be required to deliver a certificate
and may under certain circumstances be required to deliver an opinion of
counsel, in each case, as described in the Indenture, reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Trustee, that an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act applies to such offer, sale, transfer or
hypothecation. The Note Purchaser understands that the registrar and transfer
agent for the Notes will not be required to accept for registration of transfer
the Notes acquired by it unless the terms and conditions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5
of the Indenture have been satisfied;

                  (i) it will obtain from any purchaser of the Notes
substantially the same representations and warranties contained in the foregoing
paragraphs; and

                  (j) this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized,
executed and delivered by the Note Purchaser and constitutes a legal, valid,
binding obligation of the Note Purchaser, enforceable against the Note Purchaser
in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by equitable limitations on the
availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforcement is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.


                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   CONDITIONS

         SECTION 6.01 CONDITIONS TO PURCHASE. The Note Purchaser will have no
obligation to purchase the Notes hereunder unless:

                  (a) each of the Basic Documents shall be in full force and
effect and all consents, waivers and approvals necessary for the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents shall have been obtained
and shall be in full force and effect;


                                      -14-
<PAGE>

                  (b) at the time of such issuance, all conditions to the
issuance of the Notes under the Indenture and under SECTION 2.1(B) of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement shall have been satisfied and all conditions to the
initial Advance set forth under SECTION 6.02 hereof have been satisfied;

                  (c) the Note Purchaser shall have received a duly executed,
authorized and authenticated Note registered in its name and stating that the
principal amount thereof shall not exceed the Maximum Invested Amount;

                  (d) the Issuer shall have paid all fees required to be paid by
it on the Closing Date, including all fees required under SECTION 3.01 hereof;

                  (e) the Notes purchased by the Note Purchaser hereunder shall
be entitled to the benefit of the security provided in the Indenture and shall
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer, enforceable
against the Issuer in accordance with their terms;

                  (f) no Material Adverse Change shall have occurred with
respect to CPS or the Issuer since September 30, 2005;

                  (g) the Note Purchaser shall have received:

                           (i) a duly executed and delivered original
         counterpart of each Basic Document (other than any Basic Document that
         contemplates delivery on a date after the Closing Date), each such
         document being in full force and effect;

                           (ii) certified copies of charter documents and each
         amendment thereto, and resolutions of (A) the Board of Directors of
         each of the Issuer and the Servicer authorizing or ratifying the
         execution, delivery and performance, respectively, of all Basic
         Documents to which it is a party, (B) the issuance of Notes
         contemplated hereunder and (C) the granting of the security interest
         contemplated under the Indenture, certified by the Secretary or an
         Assistant Secretary of each of the Issuer and the Servicer as of the
         Closing Date, which certificate shall state that the resolutions
         thereby certified have not been amended, modified, revoked or rescinded
         as of the date of such certificate;

                           (iii) a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant
         Secretary of the Issuer and the Servicer, as applicable, certifying the
         names and the signatures of its officer or officers authorized to sign
         all transaction documents to which it is a party;

                           (iv) a certificate of a senior officer of CPS to the
         effect that the representations and warranties of the Seller and the
         Servicer in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it is
         a party are true and correct as of the Closing Date, and that the
         Seller and the Servicer have complied in all material respects with all
         agreements and satisfied all conditions on their part to be performed
         or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date;


                                      -15-
<PAGE>

                           (v) a certificate of a senior officer of the Issuer
         to the effect that the representations and warranties of the Issuer and
         the Purchaser in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which
         it is a party are true and correct as of the Closing Date and that the
         Issuer and the Purchaser have complied in all material respects with
         all agreements and satisfied all conditions on their part to be
         performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date;

                           (vi) legal opinions (including opinions relating to
         true sale, non-consolidation, UCC, enforceability and corporate
         matters) in form and substance satisfactory to the Note Purchaser;

                           (vii) evidence satisfactory to the Note Purchaser of
         completion of all necessary UCC filings and search reports;

                           (viii) payment of Note Purchaser's reasonable
         out-of-pocket fees and expenses in accordance with SECTION 3.01(C)
         hereof;

                           (ix) copies of certificates (long form) or other
         evidence from the Secretary of State or other appropriate authority of
         the States of Delaware and California, evidencing the good standing of
         the Issuer and the Servicer in the States of Delaware and California,
         in each case, dated no earlier than 15 days prior to the Closing Date;

                           (x) copies (which may be delivered in electronic
         format) of any commitment or agreement between the Issuer and the
         Servicer and any lender or other financial institution, other than any
         such commitment or agreement (or portion thereof) which the Note
         Purchaser specifically agrees are not required to be delivered
         hereunder; and

                           (xi) such other documents, opinions and information
         as the Note Purchaser may reasonably request; and

                  (h) the Note Purchaser shall have completed to its
satisfaction its due diligence review of the Issuer and the Servicer and its
respective management, controlling stockholders, systems, underwriting,
servicing and collection operations, static pool performance and its loan files.

         SECTION 6.02 CONDITIONS TO EACH ADVANCE. The obligation of the Note
Purchaser to fund any Advance on any day (including the Initial Advance) shall
be subject to the conditions precedent that on the date of such Advance, before
and after giving effect thereto and to the application of any proceeds
therefrom, the following statements shall be true:

                  (a) no Funding Termination Event shall have occurred and be
continuing;

                  (b) the Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred and
will not occur as a result of making such Advance and no default under or breach
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or any other Basic Document exists or will
exist;


                                      -16-
<PAGE>

                  (c) no later than four (4) Business Days prior to the
requested Funding Date, the Note Purchaser shall have received a properly
completed Borrowing Base Certificate from the Servicer in the form of EXHIBIT A
hereto;

                  (d) no later than four (4) Business Days prior to the
requested Funding Date, the Note Purchaser shall have received a properly
completed and executed Advance Request, together with timely receipt of each
other item required pursuant to SECTION 2.03 hereof;

                  (e) the Servicer shall have delivered to the Note Purchaser
the Servicer's Certificate for the immediately preceding Accrual Period pursuant
to Section 4.9 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement;

                  (f) such Advance is in an amount not less than $2,000,000;

                  (g) such Advance shall not be made in the same calendar week
as any prior Advance;

                  (h) after giving effect to such Advance, the Invested Amount
of the Notes will not exceed the Maximum Invested Amount;

                  (i) the representations and warranties made by the Servicer,
the Seller, the Purchaser and the Issuer in the Basic Documents are true and
correct as of the date of such requested Advance, with the same effect as though
made on the date of such Advance, and the Note Purchaser shall have received (I)
a certificate from the Servicer and the Seller to such effect with respect to
its representations and warranties and that the Servicer and the Seller have
complied in all material respects with all agreement and satisfied all
conditions on their part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the related
Funding Date, and (II) a certificate from the Issuer and the Purchaser to such
effect with respect to its representations and warranties and that the Issuer
and the Purchaser have complied in all material respects with all agreement and
satisfied all conditions on their part to be performed or satisfied at or prior
to the related Funding Date, which certifications, in each case, may be included
in the related Advance Request;

                  (j) the Trustee shall (in accordance with the procedures
contemplated in SECTION 3.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement) have confirmed
receipt of the related Receivable File for each Eligible Receivable included in
the Borrowing Base calculation and shall have delivered to the Note Purchaser,
with a copy to the Noteholders, (1) a Trust Receipt with respect to the
Receivable Files related to the Related Receivables to be purchased on such
Funding Date, or (2) if requested by the Note Purchaser, an aggregate Trust
Receipt with respect to the Receivable Files for all of the Receivables;

                  (k) after giving effect to such Advance, there shall be no
Borrowing Base Deficiency;

                  (l) all limitations and conditions specified in SECTION 2.02
of this Agreement and in SECTION 2.1(B) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement
shall have been satisfied with respect to the making of such Advance;


                                      -17-
<PAGE>

                  (m) after giving effect to such Advance, no Material Adverse
Change with respect to CPS or the Issuer shall have occurred and there shall
have been no Material Adverse Effect;

                  (n) neither the Issuer nor the Servicer shall have breached
any of its covenants under the Basic Documents in any material respect;

                  (o) the Issuer shall have provided the Note Purchaser with all
other information that the Note Purchaser may reasonably require, if the Note
Purchaser shall have given the Issuer reasonable advance notice of such
requirements;

                  (p) all amounts due and owing to the Note Purchaser under this
Agreement or any of the other Basic Documents shall have been paid in full;

                  (q) after giving effect to such Advance and the application of
proceeds therefrom, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing on and as of the requested Funding Date; and

                  (r) on and as of the requested Funding Date, each of the
representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.1 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement is true and correct for all Related Receivables being
pledged by the Issuer to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the
Note Purchaser under the Indenture on such date and each Related Receivable is
an Eligible Receivable. No such Related Receivable was originated in any
jurisdiction in which the Seller is required to be licensed in order to own such
Related Receivable unless the Seller has obtained such license prior to owning
such Related Receivable. With respect to each such Related Receivable, the
applicable Dealer has either been paid or received credit from Seller for all
proceeds from the sale of such Related Receivable to the Seller.

                  The giving of any notice pursuant to SECTION 2.03 shall
constitute a representation and warranty by the Issuer and the Servicer that all
conditions precedent to such Advance have been satisfied.

                                  ARTICLE VII
                                    COVENANTS

         SECTION 7.01 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

         Until the Facility Termination Date:

                  (a) NOTICE OF DEFAULTS, OTHER FUNDING TERMINATION EVENTS,
LITIGATION, ADVERSE JUDGMENTS, ETC. CPS or the Issuer, as applicable, shall give
notice to Note Purchaser promptly:

                           (i) upon CPS or the Issuer, as the case may be,
         becoming aware of, and in any event within three (3) Business Days
         after, the occurrence of any Event of Default or Default or any event
         of default or default under any other Basic Document or any other
         material agreement of CPS;


                                      -18-
<PAGE>

                           (ii) upon CPS or the Issuer, as the case may be,
         becoming aware of, and in any event within three (3) Business Days
         after, the occurrence of any Funding Termination Event,

                           (iii) upon, and in any event within three (3)
         Business Days after, service of process on CPS or the Issuer, as the
         case may be, or any agent thereof for service of process, in respect of
         any legal or arbitrable proceedings affecting CPS or the Issuer (x)
         that questions or challenges the validity or enforceability of any of
         the Basic Documents, (y) in which the amount in controversy exceeds
         $1,000,000 or (z) that, if adversely determined, would cause a Material
         Adverse Effect;

                           (iv) upon, and in any event within three (3) Business
         Days after, CPS or the Issuer, as the case may be, becoming aware of
         any event or change in circumstances that could have a Material Adverse
         Effect, constitute a Material Adverse Change or cause an Event of
         Default; and

                           (v) upon, and in any event within three (3) Business
         Days after, CPS or the Issuer, as the case may be, becoming aware of
         entry of a judgment or decree in respect of CPS or the Issuer, its
         respective assets or any of the Collateral in an amount in excess of
         $1,000,000.

         Each notice pursuant to this subsection (a) shall be accompanied by a
         statement of an officer of CPS or the Issuer, as applicable, setting
         forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what
         action CPS and the Issuer, as the case may be, have taken or propose to
         take with respect thereto.

                  (b) TAXES. Each of CPS and the Issuer shall pay and discharge
all taxes and governmental charges upon it or against any of its properties or
assets or its income prior to the date after which penalties attach for failure
to pay, except to the extent that CPS or the Issuer, as applicable, shall be
contesting in good faith in appropriate proceedings its obligation to pay such
taxes or charges, adequate reserves having been set aside for the payment
thereof in accordance with GAAP.

                  (c) CONTINUITY OF BUSINESS AND COMPLIANCE WITH AGREEMENT AND
LAW. Each of CPS and the Issuer shall:

                           (i) preserve and maintain its legal existence;

                           (ii) comply with the requirements of all applicable
         laws, rules, regulations and orders of governmental authorities and
         other Requirements of Law (including, without limitation, Consumer Laws
         and all environmental laws);

                           (iii) keep adequate records and books of account, in
         which complete entries will be made in accordance with GAAP
         consistently applied;

                           (iv) not move its chief executive office or chief
         operating office from the addresses referred to herein or change its
         jurisdiction of organization unless it shall have provided the Note
         Purchaser 30 days prior written notice of such change;


                                      -19-
<PAGE>

                           (v) pay and discharge all taxes, assessments and
         governmental charges or levies imposed on it or on its income or
         profits or on any of its property prior to the date on which penalties
         attach thereto, except for any such tax, assessment, charge or levy the
         payment of which is being contested in good faith and by proper
         proceedings and against which adequate reserves are being maintained;
         and

                           (vi) continue in business in a prudent, reasonable
         and lawful manner with all licenses, rights, permits, franchises and
         qualifications necessary to perform its respective obligations under
         this Agreement, the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Notes and the
         other Basic Documents.

                  (d) OWNERSHIP OF THE ISSUER. CPS shall own beneficially and of
record 100% of the membership interests in the Issuer free and clear of all
Liens other than the Lien created pursuant to the Pledge Agreement.

                  (e) BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATES. The Issuer shall deliver to
the Note Purchaser, together with each Advance Request, a Borrowing Base
Certificate in accordance with Section 2.03(a) hereof.

                  (f) COLLATERAL STATEMENTS. The Issuer will furnish or cause to
be furnished to the Note Purchaser from time to time statements and schedules
further identifying and describing the Collateral and such other reports in
connection with the Collateral as Note Purchaser may reasonably request, all in
reasonable detail, including without limitation each statement, certificate and
report required to be delivered to the Trustee or the Noteholders under any
Basic Document.

                  (g) ACTIONS TO ENFORCE RIGHTS UNDER CONTRACTS. CPS and the
Issuer shall take such reasonable and lawful actions as the Note Purchaser shall
request to enforce Note Purchaser's rights under the Collateral, and, following
the occurrence of an Event of Default, shall take such reasonable and lawful
actions as are necessary to enable Note Purchaser to exercise such rights in
Note Purchaser's own name.

                  (h) HEDGING STRATEGY. The Issuer shall implement and maintain
a hedging strategy that is reasonably acceptable to the Note Purchaser;
PROVIDED, THAT, for purposes of this subparagraph (h), a hedging strategy
consisting of the Seller sponsoring one or more securitizations of pools of
Receivables at least every 120 days during the term of the Notes shall be deemed
acceptable to the Note Purchaser.

                  (i) MONTHLY SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE. The Issuer shall, or shall
cause the Servicer (so long as CPS is Servicer) to, deliver to Note Purchaser,
the Trustee and the Backup Servicer, no later than 12:00 noon, New York City
time, on each Determination Date, in a computer-readable format reasonably
acceptable to each such Person, a Servicer's Certificate executed by a
Responsible Officer or agent of Servicer containing all information required to
be included in such Servicer's Certificate under Section 4.9 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement and related monthly data. The Issuer shall, or shall cause
the Servicer (so long as the CPS is Servicer) to, deliver to Note Purchaser, the
Trustee and the Backup Servicer a hard copy of any such Servicer's Certificate
upon request of such Person.


                                      -20-
<PAGE>

                  (j) SEPARATE EXISTENCE; NO COMMINGLING. During each Term, the
Issuer shall limit its activities to such activities as are incident to and
necessary or convenient to accomplish the following purposes: (i) to acquire,
own, hold, pledge, finance and otherwise deal with Receivables to be pledged to
the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchaser and the Noteholders pursuant
to the Indenture and (ii) to sell, securitize or otherwise liquidate all or any
portion of such Receivables in accordance with the provisions of the Basic
Documents. In addition, during the Term, the Issuer shall observe and comply
with the applicable legal requirements for the recognition of the Issuer as a
legal entity separate and apart from its Affiliates, including without
limitation, those requirements set forth in Section 9(b)(iv) of the Issuer's
Limited Liability Company Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, the Issuer
shall, and CPS shall cause itself and any other Affiliates of the Issuer to,
maintain the truth and accuracy of all facts assumed by Andrews Kurth LLP in the
true sale and non consolidation opinions of Andrews Kurth LLP; provided that in
the event that any request is made for the Note Purchaser to consent to or
approve any matter that, if effectuated or consummated, would result in a change
to the continuing truth and accuracy of any of the factual assumptions in the
true sale or non consolidation opinions of Andrews Kurth LLP, such request shall
be accompanied by an opinion of Andrews Kurth LLP, or such other counsel as may
be reasonably satisfactory to the Note Purchaser, that the conclusions set forth
in the true sale and non consolidation opinions of Andrews Kurth LLP will be
unaffected by such change.

                  (k) OTHER LIENS OR INTERESTS. Except for the conveyances under
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, CPS shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer
to any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any lien
on or any interest in, the Receivables or the Other Conveyed Property. Except
for the pledge pursuant to the Indenture, the Issuer shall not sell, pledge,
assign or transfer to any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or
suffer to exist any lien on or any interest in, the Receivables and the other
Collateral. CPS and the Issuer shall, at their own expense, defend the
Collateral against, and will take such other action as is necessary to remove,
any Lien, security interest or claim on, in or to the Collateral, other than the
security interests created under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the
Indenture, respectively, and CPS and the Issuer will defend the right, title and
interest of the Note Purchaser in and to any of the Collateral against the
claims and demands of all Persons whomsoever.

                  (l) BOOKS AND RECORDS; OTHER INFORMATION.

                           (i) Each of CPS and the Issuer shall maintain
         accounts and records as to each Receivable accurately and in sufficient
         detail to permit the reader thereof to know at any time the status of
         such Receivable, including payments and recoveries made and payments
         owing (and the nature of each). CPS shall maintain accurate and
         complete books and records with respect to the Receivables and the
         Other Conveyed Property and with respect to CPS's business. The Issuer
         shall maintain accurate and complete books and records with respect to
         the Collateral and the Issuer's business. All accounting books and
         records shall be maintained in accordance with GAAP.

                           (ii) CPS and the Issuer shall, and shall cause each
         of their respective Affiliates to, permit any representative of the
         Note Purchaser to visit and inspect any of the properties of the Issuer
         and such Affiliates and to examine the books and records of CPS or the
         Issuer and such Affiliates, as applicable, and to make copies and take


                                      -21-
<PAGE>

         extracts therefrom, and to discuss the business, operations,
         properties, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of CPS or
         the Issuer and each such Affiliate, as applicable, or any of the
         Collateral with the officers and independent public accountants thereof
         and as often as the Note Purchaser may reasonably request, and so long
         as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
         continuing, all at such reasonable times during normal business hours
         upon reasonable written notice; provided that, after a Default or Event
         of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Note Purchaser
         shall make such inspections, examine such documents, make such copies,
         take such extracts and conduct such discussions at such times as it may
         determine in its sole discretion during CPS's and the Issuer's normal
         business hours.

                           (iii) Each of CPS and the Issuer shall promptly
         provide to the Note Purchaser all information regarding its respective
         operations and practices and the Collateral as the Note Purchaser shall
         reasonably request.

                           (iv) CPS shall maintain its computer systems so that,
         from and after the time of each sale of Receivables under the Sale and
         Servicing Agreement to the Issuer, CPS's master computer records
         (including any back-up archives) that refer to a Receivable shall
         indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold by CPS to the
         Issuer and that such Receivable has been pledged by the Issuer to the
         Trustee. Indication of the Trustee's interest in such Receivable shall
         be deleted from or modified on CPS's computer systems when, and only
         when, the Receivable shall have been released from the Lien of the
         Indenture in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, and indication
         of the Issuer's interest in such Receivable shall be deleted from or
         modified on CPS's computer systems when, and only when, the Receivable
         shall have been paid in full or repurchased from the Issuer by CPS.

                           (v) Upon request, CPS shall furnish to the Note
         Purchaser, within five (5) Business Days, (x) a list of all Receivables
         (by contract number and name of Obligor) then owned by the Issuer,
         together with a reconciliation of such list to the Schedule of
         Receivables, and (y) such other information as the Note Purchaser may
         reasonably request.

                           (vi) If at any time CPS shall propose to sell, grant
         a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any interest in any
         automobile, van, sport utility vehicle or light duty truck receivables
         (other than the Receivables) to any prospective purchaser, lender, or
         other transferee, and if CPS shall give to such prospective purchaser,
         lender or other transferee computer tapes, records, or print-outs
         (including any restored from back-up archives, collectively "data
         records") that refer in any manner whatsoever to any Receivable, such
         data records shall indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold
         by CPS to the Issuer and pledged by the Issuer to Trustee unless such
         Receivable shall have been released from the Lien of the Indenture in
         accordance with the terms of the Indenture and shall have been paid in
         full or repurchased from the Issuer by CPS.

                  (m) FULFILLMENT OF OBLIGATIONS. Each of CPS and the Issuer
shall pay and perform, as and when due, all of its obligations of whatever
nature, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP
with respect thereto have been provided on the books of CPS or the Issuer, as
applicable.


                                      -22-
<PAGE>

                  (n) COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS, ETC. Each of CPS and the Issuer
shall, and CPS shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply (i) in all
material respects with all Requirements of Law and any change therein or in the
application, administration or interpretation thereof (including, without
limitation any request, directive, guideline or policy, whether or not having
the force of law) by any Governmental Authority charged with the administration
or interpretation thereof; and (ii) with all indentures, mortgages, deeds of
trust, agreements, or other instruments or contractual obligations to which it
is a party, including without limitation, each Basic Document to which it is a
party, or by which it or any of its properties may be bound or affected, or
which may affect the Receivables.

                  (o) COMPLIANCE WITH BASIC DOCUMENTS. CPS, in its capacity as
Seller and Servicer, or otherwise, shall comply with each of its covenants
contained in the Basic Documents.

                  (p) FINANCING STATEMENTS. At the request of the Note
Purchaser, CPS and the Issuer shall file such financing statements as the Note
Purchaser determines may be required by law to perfect, maintain and protect the
interest of the Note Purchaser in the Collateral and the proceeds thereof.

                  (q) PAYMENT OF FEES AND EXPENSES. CPS and the Issuer shall pay
to the Note Purchaser, on demand, any and all fees, costs or expenses that the
Note Purchaser pays to a bank or other similar institution arising out of or in
connection with the return of payments from CPS or the Issuer deposited for
collection by the Note Purchaser.

                  (r) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND ACCESS TO RECORDS. CPS shall
provide the Note Purchaser with quarterly unaudited financial statements within
sixty (60) days of the end of each of CPS's first three fiscal quarters, and CPS
will provide the Note Purchaser with audited financial statements within one
hundred twenty (120) days of each of CPS's fiscal year-end audited by a
nationally recognized independent certified public accounting firm. Upon request
of the Note Purchaser, CPS shall provide the Note Purchaser with unaudited
monthly financial statements. CPS shall deliver to the Note Purchaser with each
financial statement a certificate by CPS's chief financial officer, certifying
that such financial statements are complete and correct in all material respects
and that, except as noted in such certificate, such chief financial officer has
no knowledge of any Default, Event of Default, Funding Termination Event or
Servicer Termination Event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CPS shall have no
obligation to deliver any of the foregoing financial statements to the Note
Purchaser for so long as CPS is subject to, and in compliance with, the
reporting requirements under Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). In connection with each report filed by
CPS under Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act during the Term, CPS shall be deemed
to have represented and warranted to the Note Purchaser that, as of the related
filing date, the financial statements contained in such report are complete and
correct in all material respects and that, unless otherwise specified in such
report, CPS has no knowledge of any Default, Event of Default, Funding
Termination Event or Servicer Termination Event as of such filing date.


                                      -23-
<PAGE>

                  (s) LITIGATION MATTERS. CPS shall notify the Note Purchaser in
writing, promptly upon its learning thereof, of any litigation, arbitration or
administrative proceeding which may reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect or result in a Material Adverse Change.

                  (t) NOTICE OF CHANGE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE. CPS and the
Issuer shall provide the Note Purchaser with not less than thirty (30) days
prior written notice of any change in the chief executive office or jurisdiction
of incorporation or organization of CPS or the Issuer to permit the Note
Purchaser to make any additional filings necessary to continue the Note
Purchaser's perfected security interest in the Collateral.

                  (u) CONSOLIDATED TOTAL ADJUSTED EQUITY. CPS shall maintain
minimum Consolidated Total Adjusted Equity of $60,000,000 as of the end of each
fiscal quarter.

                  (v) MAXIMUM LEVERAGE RATIO. CPS shall maintain a maximum
leverage ratio (total liabilities less all non-recourse debt/Consolidated Total
Adjusted Equity) of less than six times as of the end of each fiscal quarter.

                  (w) LIQUIDITY. CPS shall maintain cash and cash equivalents of
at least $8.5 million as of the end of each calendar month.

                  (x) DEPOSIT ACCOUNT. All distributions made by the Issuer to
CPS in respect of CPS's equity interest in the Issuer shall be deposited
directly into the Deposit Account.

         SECTION 7.02 NEGATIVE COVENANTS. Until the Facility Termination Date:

                  (a) ADVERSE TRANSACTIONS. Neither CPS nor the Issuer shall
enter into any transaction that adversely affects the Collateral, the Note
Purchaser's rights under this Agreement, the Notes or any other Basic Document,
the Issuer's interest in the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property
pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Trustee's security interest in
the Collateral pursuant to the Indenture, or that could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to the Issuer or CPS or a
Material Adverse Event.

                  (b) GUARANTEES. The Issuer shall not guarantee or otherwise in
any way become liable with respect to the obligations or liabilities of any
other Person.

                  (c) DIVIDENDS. The Issuer shall not declare or pay any
dividends except (i) to the extent of funds legally available therefor from
payments received by the Issuer pursuant to Section 5.7(a) of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, or (ii) pursuant to Section 5.10 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not declare or pay
any dividends on any date as of which a Default or an Event of Default shall
have occurred and is continuing.

                  (d) INVESTMENTS. The Issuer shall not make any investment in
any Person through the direct or indirect holding of securities or otherwise,
other than in the ordinary course of business or in connection with the future
securitization of Receivables.


                                      -24-
<PAGE>

                  (e) CHANGES IN CAPITAL STRUCTURE OR BUSINESS OBJECTIVES OF THE
ISSUER. The Issuer shall not do any of the following if it will adversely affect
the payment or performance of, or the Issuer's ability to pay and/or perform,
its obligations to the Note Purchaser with respect to this Agreement or any
other Basic Document to which it is a party, or the Notes, or if it could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to
the Issuer or CPS or a Material Adverse Event: (i) cancel any of the membership
interests in the Issuer, (ii) make any change in the capital structure of the
Issuer, or (iii) make any material change in any of its business objectives,
purposes or operations that would adversely affect the payment or performance
of, or the Issuer's ability to pay and/or perform, its obligations to Note
Purchaser with respect to this Agreement or any other Basic Document to which it
is a party, or the Notes.

                  (f) ASSET SALES. The Issuer will not sell any Receivables or
other Collateral related thereto if, following such sale, the Invested Amount
would exceed the Borrowing Base after giving effect to the application of
proceeds of such sale; PROVIDED that in the event that the Issuer or CPS shall
intend to sell any Receivables in a whole-loan transfer to any third party, the
Issuer or CPS shall inform Note Purchaser of such prospective sale and Note
Purchaser shall be permitted to bid on such Receivables in the same bidding
process as that in which any third party is permitted to bid on such
Receivables.

                  (g) NO LIENS ON EQUITY INTERESTS IN THE ISSUER. CPS shall not
grant or otherwise create any Lien on the membership interests in the Issuer (or
any other equity interest in the Issuer) without the prior written consent of
the Note Purchaser.

                  (h) NO INDEBTEDNESS. The Issuer will not at any time incur any
Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness incurred under (or contemplated by) the
terms of the Notes, the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and this
Agreement, which consent is deemed given with respect to the security interest
created by the Pledge Agreement.

                  (i) NO OTHER BUSINESS. The Issuer will not at any time engage
in any other business activities than the purchase of the Receivables and the
Other Conveyed Property, pledging the Receivables and the other Collateral to
the Trustee under the Indenture, transferring the Receivables and the Other
Conveyed Property in connection with securitizations and in connection with
whole-loan sales, issuing the Notes and other activities relating to the
foregoing to the extent permitted by the organizational documents of the Issuer
as in effect on the date hereof, or as amended with the prior written consent of
the Note Purchaser. Without limitation of the foregoing, the Issuer will not at
any time be an issuer of securities other than the Notes or a borrower under any
loan or financing agreement, facility or other arrangement other than the
facility established pursuant to this Agreement and the other Basic Documents.

                  (j) NO AMENDMENT TO ISSUER'S OPERATING AGREEMENT OR ANY BASIC
DOCUMENT WITHOUT CONSENT. Neither the Limited Liability Company Agreement of the
Issuer, nor any Basic Document, shall be amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified without the prior written consent of the Note Purchaser.

                  (k) TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES. The Issuer shall not enter
into, or be a party to, any transaction with any of its Affiliates, except in
accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 9(b)(iv) of its Limited
Liability Company Agreement.


                                      -25-
<PAGE>

                  (l) NONPETITION. Notwithstanding any prior termination of this
Agreement, neither the Servicer nor the Seller will, prior to the date that is
one year and one day after the day upon which the outstanding principal amount
of the Notes has been reduced to zero and all Secured Obligations have been paid
in full, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer to invoke
the process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing
or sustaining a case against the Issuer under any federal or state bankruptcy,
insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or any
substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of
the affairs of the Issuer.

                  (m) PROTECTION OF TITLE TO COLLATERAL. None of the Seller, the
Servicer, the Purchaser or the Issuer shall change its name, identity,
jurisdiction of organization, form of organization or corporate structure in any
manner that would, could or might make any financing statement or continuation
statement filed with respect to the Collateral seriously misleading within the
meaning of Section 9-506(a) of the UCC, unless it shall have given the Note
Purchaser at least 30 days' prior written notice thereof and shall have promptly
filed appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing statements or
continuation statements.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

         SECTION 8.01 AMENDMENTS. No amendment to or waiver of any provision of
this Agreement, nor consent to any departure by CPS, the Issuer or the Note
Purchaser therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in
writing and signed by CPS, the Issuer and the Note Purchaser.

         SECTION 8.02 NO WAIVER; REMEDIES. Any waiver, consent or approval given
by any party hereto shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the
specific purpose for which given, and no waiver by a party of any breach or
default under this Agreement or any other Basic Document shall be deemed a
waiver of any other breach or default. No failure on the part of any party
hereto to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall
operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
right hereunder, or any abandonment or discontinuation of steps to enforce the
right, power or privilege, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right. No notice to or demand on any party hereto in any
case shall entitle such party to any other or further notice or demand in the
same, similar or other circumstances. The remedies herein provided are
cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

         SECTION 8.03 BINDING ON SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.

                  (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the
benefit of, the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, the Note
Purchaser and their respective successors and assigns; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
none of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer may assign its
rights or obligations hereunder or in connection herewith or any interest herein
(voluntarily, by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written
consent of the Note Purchaser. Nothing expressed herein is intended or shall be
construed to give any Person other than the Persons referred to in the preceding
sentence any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of
this Agreement.


                                      -26-
<PAGE>

                  (b) The Note Purchaser may at any time grant a security
interest in and Lien on all of its interests under this Agreement, the Notes and
all Basic Documents to any Person who, at any time now or in the future,
provides program liquidity or credit enhancement, including without limitation,
a surety bond or financial guaranty insurance policy for the benefit of the Note
Purchaser. The Note Purchaser may assign its Commitment or all of its interest
under the Notes, this Agreement and the Basic Documents to (i) any Affiliate of
the Note Purchaser at any time (ii) to any other Person at any time that a
Default has occurred and is continuing and (iii) at any other time with the
prior written consent of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is
understood and agreed by the Issuer that the Notes may be sold, transferred or
pledged without the consent of the Issuer in compliance with, and as provided
for under, SECTION 5.03(G). Notwithstanding any other provisions set forth in
this Agreement, the Note Purchaser may at any time create a security interest in
all of its rights under this Agreement, the Notes and the Basic Documents in
favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

                  (c) If, on or after the date of this Agreement, the Note
Purchaser reasonably determines that the adoption of any applicable law, rule or
regulation, or any change in any applicable law, rule or regulation or any
change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental
Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or
administration thereof, or compliance by the Note Purchaser with any request or
directive issued on or after the date of this Agreement (whether or not having
the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency, has
made or would be likely to make it unlawful for the Note Purchaser to purchase
the Advances, hold the Notes or otherwise to perform the transactions
contemplated to be performed by it pursuant to this Agreement and those
contemplated to be performed by it pursuant to the Basic Documents to which the
Note Purchaser is a party, then (i) the Note Purchaser shall so notify the
Issuer; (ii) the obligation of the Note Purchaser to purchase Advances from time
to time as contemplated hereunder shall be suspended; and (iii) the Note
Purchaser may assign its rights and obligations hereunder and under the Basic
Documents, the Notes and its interests therein pursuant to Section 8.03(b);
provided that a Funding Termination Event shall occur if the Issuer or the
Servicer fails to accept the proposed assignee chosen by the Note Purchaser.

         SECTION 8.04 TERMINATION; SURVIVAL. The obligations and
responsibilities of the Note Purchaser created hereby shall terminate on the
Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all covenants, agreements,
representations, warranties and indemnities made by the Servicer, the Seller,
the Purchaser and/or the Issuer herein and/or in the Notes delivered pursuant
hereto shall survive the purchase and the repayment of the Advances and the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Notes and shall continue in
full force and effect until all interest and principal on the Notes and other
amounts owed hereunder and under the other Basic Documents have been paid in
full and the commitment of the Note Purchaser hereunder has been terminated. In
addition, the obligations of the Issuer under SECTIONS 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 8.05,
8.11, 8.12 and 8.13 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.


                                      -27-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 8.05 INDEMNIFICATION. In consideration of the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Note Purchaser, the Issuer and the Servicer,
jointly and severally, hereby indemnify and hold the Note Purchaser and each of
its officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, the "INDEMNIFIED
PARTIES") harmless from and against any and all actions, causes of action,
suits, losses, costs, liabilities and damages, and reasonable expenses incurred
in connection therewith, as incurred (irrespective of whether any such
Indemnified Party is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder
is sought and including, without limitation, any liability in connection with
the offering and sale of the Notes), including reasonable attorneys' fees and
disbursements (collectively, the "INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES"), incurred by the
Indemnified Parties or any of them (whether in prosecuting or defending against
such actions, suits or claims) as a result of, or arising out of, or relating
to:

                           (i) any transaction financed or to be financed in
         whole or in part (including, without limitation, any Receivable
         constituting part of the Collateral), directly or indirectly, with the
         proceeds of any Advance including, without limitation, any claim, suit
         or action related to such transaction, which claim is based on a
         violation of Consumer Laws or any applicable vicarious liability
         statutes, or the use or operation of any Financed Vehicle by any
         Person; or

                           (ii) this Agreement or any other Basic Document, or
         the entering into and performance of this Agreement or any other Basic
         Document by any of the Indemnified Parties,

except for any such Indemnified Liabilities arising for the account of a
particular Indemnified Party by reason of the relevant Indemnified Party's gross
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct and, with respect to the Servicer,
excluding any Indemnified Liabilities that would constitute recourse to the
Servicer for loss by reason of the bankruptcy, insolvency (or other credit
condition) of, or credit-related default by the related Obligor on any
Receivable and not arising from defaults by the related Obligor arising from a
claim by the related Obligor that any part of the debt evidenced by the
Receivables is not due as a result of wrongful action by any Person, such as a
breach of Consumer Laws. If and to the extent that the foregoing undertaking may
be unenforceable for any reason, the Issuer and the Servicer hereby jointly and
severally agree to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction
of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable
law. The indemnity set forth in this SECTION 8.05 shall in no event include
indemnification for any Taxes (which indemnification is provided in SECTION
3.04). Upon the written request of the Note Purchaser pursuant to this Section
8.05, the Issuer and the Servicer shall promptly reimburse the Note Purchaser
for the amount of any such Indemnified Liabilities incurred by the Note
Purchaser.

         SECTION 8.06 CHARACTERIZATION AS BASIC DOCUMENT; ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This
Agreement shall be deemed to be a Basic Document for all purposes of the
Indenture and the other Basic Documents. This Agreement, together with the
Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the documents delivered pursuant to
SECTION 6.01 and the other Basic Documents, including the exhibits and schedules
thereto, contains a final and complete integration of all prior expressions by
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall
constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter hereof, superseding all previous oral statements and other
writings with respect thereto.


                                      -28-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 8.07 NOTICES. All notices, amendments, waivers, consents and
other communications provided to any party hereto under this Agreement shall be
in writing and addressed, delivered or transmitted to such party at its address
or facsimile number set forth below its signature hereto or at such other
address or facsimile number as may be designated by such party in a notice to
the other parties. Any notice, if mailed and properly addressed with postage
prepaid or if properly addressed and sent by pre-paid courier service, shall be
deemed given when received; any notice, if transmitted by facsimile, shall be
deemed given when transmitted and accompanied by telephonic confirmation of
receipt.

         SECTION 8.08 SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. Any covenant, provision,
agreement or term of this Agreement that is prohibited or is held to be void or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of the prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the
remaining provisions of this Agreement.

         SECTION 8.09 TAX CHARACTERIZATION. Each party to this Agreement (a)
acknowledges that it is the intent of the parties to this Agreement that, for
accounting purposes and for all Federal, state and local income and franchise
tax purposes, the Notes will be treated as evidence of indebtedness issued by
the Issuer, (b) agrees to treat the Notes for all such purposes as indebtedness
and (c) agrees that the provisions of the Basic Documents shall be construed to
further these intentions.

         SECTION 8.10 FULL RECOURSE TO ISSUER. The obligations of the Issuer
under this Agreement and the other Basic Documents shall be full recourse
obligations of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no recourse shall be
had for the payment of any amount owing in respect of this Agreement, including
the payment of any fee hereunder or any other obligation or claim arising out of
or based upon this Agreement, against any certificateholder, member, employee,
officer, manager, director, affiliate or trustee of the Issuer; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, nothing in this SECTION 8.10 shall relieve any of the foregoing Persons
from any liability that any such Person may otherwise have as expressly set
forth in any Basic Document or for its gross negligence, bad faith or willful
misconduct. Nothing contained in this Section shall limit or be deemed to limit
any obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer
hereunder or under any other Basic Document, which obligations are full recourse
obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer,
respectively.

         SECTION 8.11 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK,
WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF
THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE
PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

         SECTION 8.12 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING
WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND BY
EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO CONSENTS,
FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF


                                      -29-
<PAGE>

THOSE COURTS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION,
INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM
NON CONVENIENS, OR ANY LEGAL PROCESS WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ANY OF ITS
PROPERTY, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT
RELATED HERETO. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY
SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS
PERMITTED BY NEW YORK LAW.

         SECTION 8.13 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH WAIVE THEIR
RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON
OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY
PARTY AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT
CLAIMS OR OTHERWISE. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE
OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE
FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR
OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR
ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL
APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO
THIS AGREEMENT.

         SECTION 8.14 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts (which may include facsimile) and by the different parties
hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed
to be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. Any signature page to this Agreement containing a manual signature
may be delivered by facsimile transmission or other electronic communication
device capable of transmitting or creating a printable written record, and when
so delivered shall have the effect of delivery of an original manually signed
signature page.

         SECTION 8.15 SET-OFF. The obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
Seller and the Servicer hereunder are absolute and unconditional and each of the
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer expressly waives any and all
rights of set-off, abatement, diminution or deduction that the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer may otherwise at any time have under
applicable law.

                  (b) In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under
applicable law and not by way of limitation of such rights, during the
continuance of any Event of Default hereunder:

                           (i) the Note Purchaser is hereby authorized at any
         time and from time to time, without notice to the Purchaser or the
         Issuer, such notice being hereby expressly waived, to set-off any
         obligation owing by the Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to the


                                      -30-
<PAGE>

         Purchaser or the Issuer, or against any funds or other property of the
         Purchaser or the Issuer, held by or otherwise in the possession of the
         Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, the respective obligations of
         the Purchaser and the Issuer to the Note Purchaser under this Agreement
         and the other Basic Documents and irrespective of whether or not the
         Note Purchaser shall have made any demand hereunder or thereunder; and

                           (ii) the Note Purchaser is hereby authorized at any
         time and from time to time, without notice to the Seller or the
         Servicer, such notice being hereby expressly waived, to set-off any
         obligation owing by the Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to the
         Seller or the Servicer, or against any funds or other property of the
         Seller or the Servicer held by or otherwise in the possession of the
         Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, the respective obligations of
         the Seller and the Servicer to the Note Purchaser under this Agreement
         and the other Basic Documents and irrespective of whether or not the
         Note Purchaser shall have made any demand hereunder or thereunder.

         SECTION 8.16 NONPETITION COVENANTS. Notwithstanding any prior
termination of this Agreement, the Servicer and the Seller shall not, prior to
the date that is one year and one day after the day upon which the outstanding
principal amount of the Notes has been reduced to zero and all Secured
Obligations have been paid in full, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or
cause the Purchaser or the Issuer to invoke the process of any court or
government authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against
the Purchaser or the Issuer under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator or other similar official of the Purchaser of the Issuer or any
substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of
the affairs of the Purchaser or the Issuer.

         SECTION 8.17 SERVICER REFERENCES. All references to the Servicer herein
shall apply to CPS, in its capacity as the initial Servicer, and not to a
successor Servicer.

         SECTION 8.18 CONFIDENTIALITY; PRESS RELEASES. Unless required by law or
regulation to do so, neither the Note Purchaser on the one hand, nor any of the
Seller, the Servicer, the Purchaser or the Issuer on the other hand, shall
publish or otherwise disclose any information relating to the material terms of
the Commitment, any of the Basic Documents or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby to any Person (other than its own advisors to the extent
reasonably necessary) without the prior written consent of the other; provided
that nothing herein shall be construed to prohibit any party from issuing a
press release announcing the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
the Basic Documents. Any party hereto issuing any such press release hereby
agrees to provide the other parties hereto with a reasonable opportunity to
review and comment on such press release prior to the issuance thereof. No party
shall publish any press release naming the other party to which such other
parties shall have reasonably objected. For avoidance of doubt, it is agreed
that Seller is required by law (i) to report its entry into this Agreement and
the other Basic Documents in a current report on Form 8-K of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, which report must file as exhibits at least this Agreement,
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and the Indenture, and (ii) to make reference
to such agreements and the Commitment in its periodic reports to be filed
respecting time periods that include all or part of the Term. This
confidentiality agreement shall apply to any and all information relating to the
Commitment, any of the Basic Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby at any time on or after the date hereof.

                     [Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank]


                                      -31-
<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed by their duly authorized officers and delivered as
of the day and year first above written.


                                        PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC


                                        By:_____________________________________
                                        Name:___________________________________
                                        Title:__________________________________



                                        Address:    16355 Laguna Canyon Road
                                                    Irvine, California  92618
                                        Attention:  Company Secretary
                                        Telephone:  949-753-6800
                                        Facsimile:  949-753-6897



                                        CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC.


                                        By:_____________________________________
                                        Name:___________________________________
                                        Title:__________________________________



                                        Address:    16355 Laguna Canyon Road
                                                    Irvine, California  92618
                                        Attention:  Corporate Secretary
                                        Telephone:  (949) 785-6691
                                        Facsimile:  (888) 577-7923


                                      -32-
<PAGE>

                                        BEAR, STEARNS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED,
                                        AS NOTE PURCHASER


                                        By:_____________________________________
                                        Name:___________________________________
                                        Title:__________________________________


                                        By:_____________________________________
                                        Name:___________________________________
                                        Title:__________________________________


                                        Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.,
                                        as agent for Bear, Stearns International
                                        Limited
                                        383 Madison Ave., 10th Floor
                                        Attention:  Clark MacKenzie
                                        New York, New York  10179

                                        Telephone: 212-272-4076
                                        Facsimile:  917-849-1151

                                        w/ a copy to:

                                        Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.,
                                        as agent for Bear, Stearns International
                                        Limited
                                        383 Madison Ave., 10th Floor
                                        Attention:  General Counsel
                                        New York, New York  10179

                                        Telephone: 212-272-7850
                                        Facsimile: 917-849-1072


                                      -33-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-14
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cps_10kex14.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CODE OF ETHICS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 14

                        CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC.

                  CODE OF ETHICS FOR SENIOR FINANCIAL OFFICERS

PREFACE

Senior Financial Officers fill an important role in corporate governance. As
part of the corporate leadership of Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. (the
"Company"), Senior Financial Officers have both the responsibility and authority
to protect, balance, and preserve the interests of all with a stake in the
Company, including its shareholders, clients, employees, suppliers, and citizens
of the communities in which its business is conducted. Senior Financial Officers
fulfill this responsibility by prescribing and implementing the policies and
procedures employed in the operation of the Company's financial organization,
and by demonstrating the following:

     I. HONEST AND ETHICAL CONDUCT

          Senior Financial Officers will exhibit and promote the highest
          standards of honest and ethical conduct through the establishment and
          operation of policies and procedures that:

          o    Encourage and reward professional integrity in all aspects of the
               financial organization, by eliminating inhibitions and barriers
               to responsible behavior, such as coercion, fear of reprisal, or
               alienation from the financial organization or the Company itself.
          o    Prohibit and eliminate the appearance or occurrence of conflicts
               between what is in the best interest of the Company and what
               could result in material personal gain for a member of the
               financial organization, including Senior Financial Officers.
          o    Provide a mechanism for members of the financial organization to
               inform senior management of deviations in practice from policies
               and procedures governing honest and ethical behavior.
          o    Demonstrate their personal support for such policies and
               procedures through periodic communication reinforcing these
               ethical standards throughout the financial organization.

     II.  FINANCIAL RECORDS AND PERIODIC REPORTS

          Senior Financial Officers will establish and manage the Company's
          transaction and reporting systems and procedures to ensure that:

          o    Business transactions are properly authorized and completely and
               accurately recorded on the Company's books and records in
               accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP)
               and established Company financial policy.


<PAGE>

          o    The retention or proper disposal of Company records shall be in
               accordance with established internal financial policies and
               applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
          o    Periodic financial communications and reports will be delivered
               in a manner that facilitates the highest degree of clarity of
               content and meaning so that readers and users will quickly and
               accurately determine their significance and consequence.

     III. COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS

          Senior Financial Officers will establish and maintain mechanisms to:

          o    Educate members of the financial organization about any federal,
               state or local statute, regulation or administrative procedure
               that affects the operation of the financial organization and the
               Company generally.
          o    Monitor the compliance of the financial organization with any
               applicable federal, state or local statute, regulation or
               administrative rule
          o    Identify, report and correct in a swift and certain manner, any
               detected deviations from applicable federal, state or local
               statute or regulation.



                                       2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cps_10kex21.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


EXHIBIT 21


Subsidiaries of the Registrant


The following corporations and limited liabilities are direct or indirect
subsidiaries of the registrant. Each does business under its own name, except
that The Finance Company also does business under the name Old Dominion
Acceptance, Inc.

Name                                                 State or other jurisdiction
                                                     of incorporation or
                                                     organization

CPS Leasing, Inc.                                    DE
CPS Marketing, Inc.                                  CA
CPS Receivables Corp.                                CA
CPS Receivables Two Corp.                            DE
CPS 123 Corp.                                        DE
MFN Financial Corporation                            DE
TFC Enterprises, Inc.                                DE
CPS Receivables Two Corp.                            DE
CPS Residual Corp.                                   DE
71270 Corp.                                          DE
Page Funding LLC                                     DE
Pacific Coast Receivables Corp.                      DE
Page Three Funding LLC                               DE
Canyon Receivables Corp.                             DE
Mercury Finance Corporation of Alabama               AL
Mercury Finance Company of Arizona                   AZ
Mercury Finance Company of Colorado                  DE
Mercury Finance Company of Delaware                  DE
Mercury Finance Company of Florida                   DE
Mercury Finance Company of Georgia                   DE
Mercury Finance Company of Illinois                  DE
Mercury Finance Company of Indiana                   DE
Mercury Finance Company of Kentucky                  DE
Mercury Finance Company of Louisiana                 DE
Mercury Finance Company of Michigan                  DE
Mercury Finance Company of Mississippi               DE
Mercury Finance Company of Missouri                  MO
Mercury Finance Company of Nevada                    NV
Mercury Finance Company of New York                  DE
Mercury Finance Company of North Carolina            DE
Mercury Finance Company of Ohio                      DE
MFC Finance Company of Oklahoma                      DE
Mercury Finance Company of Pennsylvania              DE
Mercury Finance Company of South Carolina            DE
Mercury Finance Company of Tennessee                 TN
MFC Finance Company of Texas                         DE
Mercury Finance Company of Virginia                  DE
Mercury Finance Company of Wisconsin                 DE
Gulfco Investment, Inc.                              LA
Gulfco Finance Company                               LA
Midland Finance Co.                                  IL

                                      E-1

<PAGE>

MFN Insurance Company                                Turks and Caicos
Mercury Finance Company LLC                          DE
The Finance Company                                  VA
Recoveries, Inc.                                     VA
PC Acceptance.com, Inc.                              VA
The Insurance Agency, Inc.                           DE
TFC Receivables Corporation V                        DE
TFC Receivables Corporation VI                       DE
TFC Receivables Corporation VII                      DE



                                      E-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>cps_10kex23-1.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 23.1


            CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

The Board of Directors


Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc:

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(Nos. 333-58199, 333-35758, 333-75594 and 333-115622) of Consumer Portfolio
Services, Inc. on Form S-8 of Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., of our report
dated February 24, 2006, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Consumer
Portfolio Services, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2005.



/s/ MCGLADREY & PULLEN LLP


Irvine, California

March 9, 2006


                                      E-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.2
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>cps_10kex23-2.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 23.2


            CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


The Board of Directors


Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc:



We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements
(Nos. 333-58199, 333-35758, 333-75594 and 333-115622) on Form S-8 of Consumer
Portfolio Services, Inc., of our report dated March 15, 2004, with respect to
the consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss),
shareholders' equity, and cash flows of Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. for
the year ended December 31, 2003, which report appears in the December 31, 2005,
annual report on Form 10-K of Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc.





/s/ KPMG LLP

Orange County, California

March 9, 2006

                                      E-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>cps_ex3101.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 31.1

                                  CERTIFICATION

I, Charles E. Bradley, Jr., certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Consumer Portfolio
Services, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

         (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
         disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
         supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
         registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
         us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
         which this report is being prepared;

         (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
         and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
         effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
         of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

         (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
         control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
         most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
         the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
         reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
         control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):

         (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
         or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
         reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
         record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

         (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
         other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
         internal control over financial reporting.


March 10, 2006                         By: /s/ Charles E. Bradley, Jr.
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Charles E. Bradley, Jr.
                                           PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.2
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>cps_ex3102.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 31.2

                                  CERTIFICATION

I, Robert E. Riedl, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Consumer Portfolio
Services, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

         (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
         disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
         supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
         registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
         us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
         which this report is being prepared;

         (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
         and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
         effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
         of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

         (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
         control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
         most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
         the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
         reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
         control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):

         (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
         or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
         reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
         record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

         (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
         other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
         internal control over financial reporting.


March 10, 2006                      By: /s/ Robert E. Riedl
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Robert E. Riedl, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>cps_ex32.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 32

                                  CERTIFICATION

Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, for the purposes of section 1350 of
chapter 63 of title 18 of the United States Code, in his capacity as an officer
of Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., that, to his knowledge, the Annual Report
of Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2005, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such
report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc.


March 10, 2006                      By: /s/ Charles E. Bradley, Jr.
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        Charles E. Bradley, Jr.
                                        PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER


March 10, 2006                      By: /s/ Robert E. Riedl
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Robert E. Riedl, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
