-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Q/vFTz5ssMwb443dDVOqqMHUJIynHdlfn5svbDddgpydVlakGhB/lK9+bkqQyD4h
 X/zCLvD1Rvi9I5vnhQUFVw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001019687-07-000676.txt : 20070309
<SEC-HEADER>0001019687-07-000676.hdr.sgml : 20070309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20070309172712
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019687-07-000676
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20061231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20070309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20070309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000889609
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				330459135
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14116
		FILM NUMBER:		07685551

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16355 LAGUNA CANYON
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9497536800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16355 LAGUNA CANYON ROAD
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cps_10k-123106.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

================================================================================

                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                ________________

                                    FORM 10-K

          [X] ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
              EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006
                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 0-51027

                        CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC.
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

           CALIFORNIA                                   33-0459135
(STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF            (I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)
INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)

  16355 LAGUNA CANYON ROAD, IRVINE, CALIFORNIA                     92618
    (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)                     (ZIP CODE)

       REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: (949) 753-6800

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:

Title of Each Class                  Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
- -------------------                  -----------------------------------------
Common Stock, no par value           The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Global Market)

        SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT: NONE

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.                        Yes [ ] No [X]

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.      Yes [ ] No [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.                                                             Yes [X] No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer and large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer [ ]   Accelerated filer [X]   Non-accelerated filer  [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).                                  Yes [ ] No [X]

The aggregate market value of the 13,522,700 shares of the registrant's common
stock held by non-affiliates, based upon the closing price of the registrant's
common stock of $6.71 per share reported by Nasdaq as of June 30, 2006, was
approximately $90,737,317. For purposes of this computation, a registrant
sponsored pension plan and all directors, executive officers, and beneficial
owners of 10 percent or more of the registrant's common stock are deemed to be
affiliates. Such determination is not an admission that such plan, directors,
executive officers, and beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the
registrant. The number of shares of the registrant's Common Stock outstanding on
February 27, 2007, was 21,530,054.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The proxy statement for registrant's 2007 annual shareholders meeting is
incorporated by reference into Part III hereof.

================================================================================

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

         We are a specialty finance company engaged in purchasing and servicing
retail automobile contracts originated primarily by franchised automobile
dealers and, to a lesser extent, by select independent dealers in the United
States in the sale of new and used automobiles, light trucks and passenger vans.
Through our automobile contract purchases, we provide indirect financing to the
customers of dealers, who have limited credit histories, low incomes or past
credit problems, who we refer to as sub-prime customers. We serve as an
alternative source of financing for dealers, facilitating sales to customers who
otherwise might not be able to obtain financing from traditional sources, such
as commercial banks, credit unions and the captive finance companies affiliated
with major automobile manufacturers. We generally do not lend money directly to
consumers. Rather, we purchase automobile contracts from dealers under several
different financing programs. We are headquartered in Irvine, California, where
all credit and underwriting functions are centralized. We service our automobile
contracts from our California headquarters and from three servicing branches in
Virginia, Florida and Illinois.

         We direct our marketing efforts to dealers, rather than to consumers.
We establish relationships with dealers through our employee marketing
representatives who contact a prospective dealer to explain our automobile
contract purchase programs, and thereafter provide dealer training and support
services. The marketing representatives are obligated to represent our financing
program exclusively. Our marketing representatives present the dealer with a
marketing package, which includes our promotional material containing the terms
offered by us for the purchase of automobile contracts, a copy of our
standard-form dealer agreement, and required documentation relating to
automobile contracts. As of December 31, 2006, we had 94 marketing
representatives and we were a party to dealer agreements with over 8,600 dealers
in 48 states. Approximately 90% of these dealers are franchised new car dealers
that sell both new and used cars and the remainder are independent used car
dealers. For the year ended December 31, 2006, approximately 87% of the
automobile contracts purchased under our programs consisted of financing for
used cars and 13% consisted of financing for new cars, as compared to 81%
financing for used cars and 19% for new cars in the year ended December 31,
2005.

         We purchase automobile contracts with the intention of financing them
on a long-term basis through securitizations. Securitizations are transactions
in which we sell a specified pool of contracts to a special purpose entity of
ours, which in turn issues asset-backed securities to fund the purchase of the
pool of contracts from us. Depending on the structure of the securitization, the
transaction may, for financial accounting purposes, be treated as a sale of the
contracts or as a secured financing. From inception through the third quarter of
2003, we generated revenue primarily from the gains recognized on the sale or
securitization of automobile contracts, servicing fees earned on automobile
contracts sold, interest earned on residual interests and interest on finance
receivables. However, since the third quarter of 2003, we have structured our
securitizations to be treated as secured financings rather than as sales of
automobile contracts for financial accounting purposes. By accounting for these
securitizations as secured financings, the contracts and asset-backed notes
issued remain on our balance sheet with the interest income of the contracts in
the trust and the related financing costs reflected over the life of the
underlying pool of contracts.

         We were incorporated and began our operations in March 1991. From
inception through December 31, 2006, we have purchased a total of approximately
$7.1 billion of automobile contracts from dealers. In addition, we obtained a
total of approximately $605.0 million of automobile contracts in our 2002, 2003
and 2004 acquisitions, as described below. Our total managed portfolio, net of
unearned interest on pre-computed automobile contracts, grew to approximately
$1,565.9 million at December 31, 2006 from $1,122.0 million at December 31,
2005, $906.9 million as of December 31, 2004 and $743.5 million as of December
31, 2003.


<PAGE>

HISTORICAL ACQUISITIONS

         In March 2002, we acquired MFN Financial Corporation and its
subsidiaries, or MFN, in a merger, which we refer to as the MFN merger. In May
2003, we acquired TFC Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries, or TFC, in a
second merger, which we refer to as the TFC merger. We acquired $381.8 million
of automobile contracts in the MFN merger, and $152.1 million in the TFC merger.
MFN and TFC were engaged in businesses similar to that of ours. MFN ceased
acquiring automobile contracts in March 2002, while TFC continues to acquire
automobile contracts under its TFC programs. Automobile contracts purchased by
TFC during the year ended December 31, 2006 accounted for less than 4% of our
total purchases during the year. In April 2004, we acquired $74.9 million in
automobile contracts from SeaWest Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries. In
addition, we were named servicer of approximately $111.8 million of automobile
contracts that SeaWest had previously securitized, and which we do not own. We
sometimes refer to those non-owned contracts as the SeaWest third-party
portfolio.

SUB-PRIME AUTO FINANCE INDUSTRY

         Automobile financing is the second largest consumer finance market in
the United States. The automobile finance industry can be divided into two
principal segments: a prime credit market and a sub-prime credit market.
Traditional automobile finance companies, such as commercial banks, savings
institutions, credit unions and captive finance companies of automobile
manufacturers, generally lend to the most creditworthy, or so-called prime,
borrowers. The sub-prime automobile credit market, in which we operate, provides
financing to less creditworthy borrowers, at higher interest rates.

         Historically, traditional lenders have not serviced the sub-prime
market or have done so through programs that were not consistently available.
Independent companies specializing in sub-prime automobile financing and
subsidiaries of larger financial services companies currently compete in this
segment of the automobile finance market, which we believe remains highly
fragmented, with no single company having a dominant position in the market.

OUR OPERATIONS

         Our automobile financing programs are designed to serve sub-prime
customers, who generally have limited credit histories, low incomes or past
credit problems. Because we serve customers who are unable to meet certain
credit standards, we incur greater risks, and generally receive interest rates
higher than those charged in the prime credit market. We also sustain a higher
level of credit losses because we provide financing in a relatively high risk
market.

ORIGINATIONS

         When a retail automobile buyer elects to obtain financing from a
dealer, the dealer takes a credit application to submit to its financing
sources. Typically, a dealer will submit the buyer's application to more than
one financing source for review. We believe the dealer's decision to choose a
financing source is based primarily on: (i) the monthly payment; (ii) the
purchase price offered for the contract; (iii) timeliness, consistency and
predictability of response; (iv) funding turnaround time; and (v) any conditions
to purchase. Dealers can send credit applications to us via the Internet or fax.
For the year ended December 31, 2006, we received approximately 81% of all
applications through DealerTrack (the industry leading dealership application
aggregator), 9% via our website and 10% via fax. Our automated application
decisioning system produced our response within minutes to about 88% of those
applications.

         Upon receipt of information from a dealer, our proprietary automated
decisioning system orders a credit report to document the buyer's credit
history. If, upon review by the automated decisioning systems, or in some cases,
one of our credit analysts, it is determined that the automobile contract meets
our underwriting criteria, or would meet such criteria with modification, we
request and review further information and supporting documentation and,
ultimately, decide whether to approve the automobile contract for purchase. When
presented with an application, we attempt to notify the dealer within one hour
as to whether we would purchase the related automobile contract.

         Dealers with which we do business are under no obligation to submit any
automobile contracts to us, nor are we obligated to purchase any automobile
contracts from them. During the year ended December 31, 2006, no dealer
accounted for more than 1% of the total number of automobile contracts we
purchased. Automobile contracts purchased by TFC after the TFC merger under the
TFC programs are purchased with a dealer marketing strategy that is similar to
that of ours as described above, except that the marketing efforts are directed
at independent used car dealers and the vehicle purchasers we are looking for
are enlisted personnel of the U.S. Armed Forces. The following table sets forth
the geographical sources of the automobile contracts purchased by us (based on
the addresses of the customers as stated on our records) during the years ended
December 31, 2006 and 2005.

                                       2
<PAGE>

                               Contracts Purchased During the Year Ended (1)
                            ----------------------------------------------------
                                 December 31, 2006         December 31, 2005
                            -------------------------- -------------------------
                               Number     Percent (2)     Number     Percent (2)
                            ------------ ------------- ------------ ------------
Texas                             7,004         10.9%        4,734        10.7%
California                        5,887          9.2%        3,981         9.0%
Florida                           5,100          7.9%        3,151         7.1%
Ohio                              4,758          7.4%        3,311         7.5%
Pennsylvania                      3,642          5.7%        2,732         6.2%
Illinois                          2,950          4.6%        2,188         4.9%
North Carolina                    2,864          4.5%        2,003         4.5%
Michigan                          2,791          4.3%        1,883         4.2%
Louisiana                         2,755          4.3%        2,268         5.1%
New York                          2,732          4.3%        1,617         3.6%
Kentucky                          2,180          3.4%        1,851         4.2%
Maryland                          2,107          3.3%        1,933         4.4%
Virginia                          1,678          2.6%        1,379         3.1%
New Jersey                        1,543          2.4%          667         1.5%
Other States                     16,210         25.2%       10,678        24.1%
                            ------------ ------------- ------------ ------------
                 Total           64,201        100.0%       44,376       100.0%
                            ============ ============= ============ ============

(1) AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS PURCHASED BY TFC AFTER THE TFC MERGER ARE NOT INCLUDED
    BECAUSE SUCH PURCHASES ACCOUNTED FOR LESS THAN 10% OF THE TOTAL PURCHASES
    DURING THE YEAR.
(2) PERCENTAGES MAY NOT TOTAL TO 100.0% DUE TO ROUNDING.

         We purchase automobile contracts under our programs from dealers at a
price generally equal to the total amount financed under the automobile
contracts, adjusted for an acquisition fee, which may either increase or
decrease the automobile contract purchase price paid by us. The amount of the
acquisition fee, and whether it results in an increase or decrease to the
automobile contract purchase price, is based on the perceived credit risk of
and, in some cases, the interest rate on the automobile contract. For the years
ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, the average acquisition fee charged per
automobile contract purchased under our programs was $241, $150 and $226,
respectively, or 1.6%, 1.0% and 1.6%, respectively, of the amount financed.

         We offer seven different financing programs to our dealership
customers, and price each program according to the relative credit risk. We
offer programs covering a wide band of the credit spectrum. Our upper credit
tier products, which are our Preferred, Super Alpha, Alpha Plus and Alpha
programs accounted for approximately 78% and 82% of our new contract
originations in 2006 and 2005, respectively, in each case measured by aggregate
amount financed.

         The following table identifies the credit program, sorted from highest
to lowest credit quality, under which we purchased automobile contracts during
the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Contracts Purchased (1) During the Year Ended
                         December 31, 2006               December 31, 2005                  December 31, 2004
                   ----------------------------     -----------------------------     -----------------------------
                      AMOUNT                           AMOUNT                            AMOUNT
                     FINANCED       PERCENT (2)       FINANCED        PERCENT (2)       FINANCED        PERCENT (2)
                   -------------    -----------     -------------     -----------     -------------     -----------
                                                       (dollars in thousands)
<S>                <C>                   <C>        <C>                    <C>        <C>                    <C>
Preferred          $     30,700            3.1%     $     13,735             2.1%     $      6,273             1.5%
Super Alpha             120,118           12.2%           78,030            11.8%           34,134             8.3%
Alpha Plus              178,371           18.1%          135,926            20.6%           70,786            17.3%
Alpha                   444,775           45.0%          314,444            47.6%          233,521            57.1%
Standard                 85,190            8.6%           67,293            10.2%           36,561             8.9%
Mercury / Delta          77,481            7.8%           20,346             3.1%            9,988             2.4%
First Time Buyer         50,893            5.2%           30,329             4.6%           17,655             4.3%
                   -------------    -----------     -------------     -----------     -------------     -----------
                   $    987,528          100.0%     $    660,103           100.0%     $    408,918           100.0%
                   =============    ===========     =============     ===========     =============     ===========
</TABLE>


(1) AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS PURCHASED BY TFC AFTER THE TFC MERGER ARE NOT INCLUDED
    BECAUSE SUCH PURCHASES ACCOUNTED FOR LESS THAN 10% OF THE TOTAL PURCHASES
    DURING THE YEAR.
(2) PERCENTAGES MAY NOT TOTAL TO 100.0% DUE TO ROUNDING.

                                       3
<PAGE>

         We attempt to control misrepresentation regarding the customer's credit
worthiness by carefully screening the automobile contracts we purchase, by
establishing and maintaining professional business relationships with dealers,
and by including certain representations and warranties by the dealer in the
dealer agreement. Pursuant to the dealer agreement, we may require the dealer to
repurchase any automobile contract in the event that the dealer breaches our
representations or warranties. There can be no assurance, however, that any
dealer will have the willingness or the financial resources to satisfy our
repurchase obligations to us.

         In addition to our purchases of installment contracts from dealers, we
purchased in 2006 an immaterial number of vehicle purchase money loans,
evidenced by promissory notes and security agreements. A non-affiliated lender
originated all such loans directly to vehicle purchasers, and sold the loans to
us. We plan to begin financing vehicle purchases by direct loans to consumers in
2007, on terms similar to those that we offer through dealers, though without a
down payment requirement. There can be no assurance as to the extent to which we
will in fact make any such loans, nor as to their future performance.

UNDERWRITING

         To be eligible for purchase by us, an automobile contract must have
been originated by a dealer that has entered into a dealer agreement to sell
automobile contracts to us. The automobile contract must be secured by a first
priority lien on a new or used automobile, light truck or passenger van and must
meet our underwriting criteria. In addition, each automobile contract requires
the customer to maintain physical damage insurance covering the financed vehicle
and naming us as a loss payee. We may, nonetheless, suffer a loss upon theft or
physical damage of any financed vehicle if the customer fails to maintain
insurance as required by the automobile contract and is unable to pay for
repairs to or replacement of the vehicle or is otherwise unable to fulfill his
or her obligations under the automobile contract.

         We believe that our underwriting criteria enable us to evaluate
effectively the creditworthiness of sub-prime customers and the adequacy of the
financed vehicle as security for an automobile contract. The underwriting
criteria include standards for price, term, amount of down payment, installment
payment and interest rate; mileage, age and type of vehicle; principal amount of
the automobile contract in relation to the value of the vehicle; customer income
level, employment and residence stability, credit history and debt service
ability, as well as other factors. Specifically, the underwriting guidelines for
our CPS programs generally limit the maximum principal amount of a purchased
automobile contract to 115% of wholesale book value in the case of used vehicles
or to 115% of the manufacturer's invoice in the case of new vehicles, plus, in
each case, sales tax, licensing and, when the customer purchases such additional
items, a service contract or a credit life or disability policy. We generally do
not finance vehicles that are more than eight model years old or have in excess
of 85,000 miles. Under most of our programs, the maximum term of a purchased
contract is 72 months; a shorter maximum term may be applicable based on the
mileage and age of the vehicle. Automobile contracts with the maximum term of 72
months may be purchased if the customer is among the more creditworthy of our
obligors and the vehicle is generally not more than two model years old and has
less than 45,000 miles. Automobile contract purchase criteria are subject to
change from time to time as circumstances may warrant. Upon receiving the
vehicle and customer information with the customer's application, our
underwriters verify the customer's employment, residency, and credit information
by contacting various parties noted on the customer's application, credit
information bureaus and other sources. In addition, prior to purchasing an
automobile contract, we contact each customer by telephone to confirm that the
customer understands and agrees to the terms of the related automobile contract.
During this "welcome call," we also ask the customer a series of open ended
questions about his application and the contract to uncover any potential
misrepresentations.

         CREDIT SCORING. We use a proprietary scoring model to assign each
automobile contract a "credit score" at the time the application is received
from the dealer and the customer's credit information is retrieved from the
credit reporting agencies. The credit score is based on a variety of parameters
including the customer's credit history, employment and residence stability,
income, and monthly payment amount,. Our score also considers the loan-to-value
ratio and the age and mileage of the vehicle. We have developed the credit score
utilizing statistical risk management techniques and historical performance data
from our managed portfolio. We believe this improves our allocation of credit
evaluation resources, and more effectively manages the risk inherent in the
sub-prime market.

         CHARACTERISTICS OF CONTRACTS. All of the automobile contracts purchased
by us are fully amortizing and provide for level payments over the term of the
automobile contract. All automobile contracts may be prepaid at any time without
penalty. The average original principal amount financed, under the CPS programs
and in the year ended December 31, 2006, was $15,382, with an average original
term of 63 months and an average down payment amount of 12.3%. Based on
information contained in customer applications for this 12-month period, the
retail purchase price of the related automobiles averaged $15,667 (which


                                       4
<PAGE>

excludes tax, license fees and any additional costs such as a maintenance
contract), the average age of the vehicle at the time the automobile contract
was purchased was 3 years, and our customers averaged approximately 38 years of
age, with approximately $40,440 in average annual household income and an
average of 5 years history with his or her current employer. Because our TFC
programs are directed towards enlisted military personnel, contracts purchased
under the TFC programs tend to have smaller balances and the purchasers are
generally younger and have lower incomes.

         DEALER COMPLIANCE. The dealer agreement and related assignment contain
representations and warranties by the dealer that an application for state
registration of each financed vehicle, naming us as secured party with respect
to the vehicle, was effected at the time of sale of the related automobile
contract to us, and that all necessary steps have been taken to obtain a
perfected first priority security interest in each financed vehicle in favor of
us under the laws of the state in which the financed vehicle is registered.

SERVICING AND COLLECTION

         We currently service all automobile contracts that we own as well as
those automobile contracts that are included in portfolios that we have sold to
off balance sheet securitization trusts or in the SeaWest third party portfolio.
We organize our servicing activities based on the tasks performed by our
personnel. Our servicing activities consist of mailing monthly billing
statements; collecting, accounting for and posting of all payments received;
responding to customer inquiries; taking all necessary action to maintain the
security interest granted in the financed vehicle or other collateral;
investigating delinquencies; communicating with the customer to obtain timely
payments; repossessing and liquidating the collateral when necessary; collecting
deficiency balances; and generally monitoring each automobile contract and the
related collateral. We are typically entitled to receive a base monthly
servicing fee between 2.5% and 3.5% per annum computed as a percentage of the
declining outstanding principal balance of the non-charged-off automobile
contracts in the securitization pools. The servicing fee is included in interest
income for on balance sheet financings.

         COLLECTION PROCEDURES. We believe that our ability to monitor
performance and collect payments owed from sub-prime customers is primarily a
function of our collection approach and support systems. We believe that if
payment problems are identified early and our collection staff works closely
with customers to address these problems, it is possible to correct many of
problems before they deteriorate further. To this end, we utilize pro-active
collection procedures, which include making early and frequent contact with
delinquent customers; educating customers as to the importance of maintaining
good credit; and employing a consultative and customer service approach to
assist the customer in meeting his or her obligations, which includes attempting
to identify the underlying causes of delinquency and cure them whenever
possible. In support of our collection activities, we maintain a computerized
collection system specifically designed to service automobile contracts with
sub-prime customers and similar consumer obligations.

         With the aid of our automatic dialer, as well as manual efforts made by
collection staff, we attempt to make telephonic contact with delinquent
customers from one to 15 days after their monthly payment due date, depending on
our proprietary behavioral assessment of the customer's likelihood of payment
during early stages of delinquency. Using coded instructions from a collection
supervisor, the automatic dialer will attempt to contact customers based on
their physical location, stage of delinquency, size of balance or other
parameters. If the automatic dialer obtains a "no answer" or a busy signal, it
records the attempt on the customer's record and moves on to the next call. If a
live voice answers the automatic dialer's call, the call is transferred to a
waiting collector as the customer's pertinent information is simultaneously
displayed on the collector's workstation. The collector then inquires of the
customer the reason for the delinquency and when we can expect to receive the
payment. The collector will attempt to get the customer to make a promise for
the delinquent payment for a time generally not to exceed one week from the date
of the call. If the customer makes such a promise, the account is routed to a
promise queue and is not contacted until the outcome of the promise is known. If
the payment is made by the promise date and the account is no longer delinquent,
the account is routed out of the collection system. If the payment is not made,
or if the payment is made, but the account remains delinquent, the account is
returned to the queue for subsequent contacts.

         If a customer fails to make or keep promises for payments, or if the
customer is uncooperative or attempts to evade contact or hide the vehicle, a
supervisor will review the collection activity relating to the account to
determine if repossession of the vehicle is warranted. Generally, such a
decision will occur between the 45th and 90th day past the customer's payment
due date, but could occur sooner or later, depending on the specific
circumstances. At the time the vehicle is repossessed we will stop accruing
interest in this automobile contract, and reclassify the remaining automobile
contract balance to other assets. In addition we will apply a specific reserve
to this automobile contract so that the net balance represents the estimated
fair value less costs to sell.

                                       5
<PAGE>

         If we elect to repossess the vehicle, we assign the task to an
independent local repossession service. Such services are licensed and/or bonded
as required by law. When the vehicle is recovered, the repossessor delivers it
to a wholesale automobile auction, where it is kept until sold. Financed
vehicles that have been repossessed are generally resold by us through
unaffiliated automobile auctions, which are attended principally by car dealers.
Net liquidation proceeds are applied to the customer's outstanding obligation
under the automobile contract. Such proceeds usually are insufficient to pay the
customer's obligation in full, resulting in a deficiency. In many cases we will
continue to contact our customers to recover all or a portion of this deficiency
for up to several years after charge-off.

         Once an automobile contract becomes greater than 90 days delinquent, we
do not recognize additional interest income until the borrower under the
automobile contract makes sufficient payments to be less than 90 days
delinquent. Any payments received by a borrower that are greater than 90 days
delinquent are first applied to accrued interest and then to principal
reduction.

         We generally charge off the balance of any contract by the earlier of
the end of the month in which the automobile contract becomes five scheduled
installments past due or, in the case of repossessions, the month that the
proceeds from the liquidation of the financed vehicle are received by us or if
the vehicle has been in repossession inventory for more than three months. In
the case of repossession, the amount of the charge-off is the difference between
the outstanding principal balance of the defaulted automobile contract and the
net repossession sale proceeds.

CREDIT EXPERIENCE

         Our financial results are dependent on the performance of the
automobile contracts in which we retain an ownership interest. The tables below
document the delinquency, repossession and net credit loss experience of all
automobile contracts that we are servicing (excluding contracts from the SeaWest
third party portfolio) as of the respective dates shown. Credit experience for
us, MFN (since the date of the MFN merger), TFC (since the date of the TFC
merger) and SeaWest (since the date of the SeaWest asset acquisition) is shown
on a combined basis in the table below.


                                       6
<PAGE>

                           DELINQUENCY EXPERIENCE (1)
                       CPS, MFN, TFC AND SEAWEST COMBINED


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            DECEMBER 31, 2006         DECEMBER 31, 2004         DECEMBER 31, 2005
                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   -----------------------
                                         NUMBER OF                 NUMBER OF                 NUMBER OF
                                         CONTRACTS     AMOUNT      CONTRACTS      AMOUNT     CONTRACTS      AMOUNT
                                         ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
DELINQUENCY EXPERIENCE                                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                         <C>       <C>              <C>      <C>              <C>      <C>
Gross servicing portfolio (1) ........      126,574   $1,568,329       95,689   $1,116,534       83,018   $  873,880
Period of delinquency (2)
31-60 days ...........................        3,275       37,328        2,367       24,047        2,106       19,010
61-90 days ...........................        1,367       14,903        1,057       10,156        1,069        8,051
91+ days .............................        1,035       10,301        1,031        7,946        1,176        7,758
                                         ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Total delinquencies (2) ..............        5,677       62,532        4,455       42,149        4,351       34,819
Amount in repossession (3) ...........        2,148       24,135        1,335       13,531        1,408       14,090
                                         ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Total delinquencies and
   amount in repossession (2) ........        7,825   $   86,667        5,790   $   55,680        5,759   $   48,909
                                         ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========

Delinquencies as a percentage
   of gross servicing portfolio ......        4.5 %        4.0 %        4.7 %        3.8 %        5.2 %      4.0 % %

Total delinquencies and
   amount in repossession as a
   percentage of gross servicing
   portfolio .........................        6.2 %        5.5 %        6.1 %        5.0 %        6.9 %      5.6 % %

EXTENSION EXPERIENCE
Contracts with One Extension (4) .....       12,318   $  128,386       10,602   $   95,412        9,661   $   86,138
Contracts with Two or More
   Extensions (4) ....................        3,183       24,978        4,575       29,428        4,383       23,659
                                         ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------

Total Contracts with Extensions ......       15,501   $  153,364       15,177   $  124,840       14,044   $  109,797
                                         ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>


 (1) ALL AMOUNTS AND PERCENTAGES ARE BASED ON THE AMOUNT REMAINING TO BE REPAID
     ON EACH AUTOMOBILE CONTRACT, INCLUDING, FOR PRE-COMPUTED AUTOMOBILE
     CONTRACTS, ANY UNEARNED INTEREST. THE INFORMATION IN THE TABLE REPRESENTS
     THE GROSS PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF ALL AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS WE PURCHASED,
     INCLUDING AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS WE SUBSEQUENTLY SOLD IN SECURITIZATION
     TRANSACTIONS THAT WE CONTINUE TO SERVICE. THE TABLE DOES NOT INCLUDE THE
     SEAWEST THIRD PARTY PORTFOLIO (AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS THAT WE SERVICE ON
     BEHALF OF SEAWEST SECURITIZATIONS, BUT DO NOT OWN).
(2)  WE CONSIDER AN AUTOMOBILE CONTRACT DELINQUENT WHEN AN OBLIGOR FAILS TO MAKE
     AT LEAST 90% OF A CONTRACTUALLY DUE PAYMENT BY THE FOLLOWING DUE DATE,
     WHICH DATE MAY HAVE BEEN EXTENDED WITHIN LIMITS SPECIFIED IN THE SERVICING
     AGREEMENTS. THE PERIOD OF DELINQUENCY IS BASED ON THE NUMBER OF DAYS
     PAYMENTS ARE CONTRACTUALLY PAST DUE. AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS LESS THAN 31 DAYS
     DELINQUENT ARE NOT INCLUDED.
(3)  AMOUNT IN REPOSSESSION REPRESENTS THE CONTRACT BALANCE ON FINANCED VEHICLES
     THAT HAVE BEEN REPOSSESSED BUT NOT YET LIQUIDATED. THIS AMOUNT IS NOT
     NETTED WITH THE SPECIFIC RESERVE TO ARRIVE AT THE ESTIMATED ASSET VALUE
     LESS COSTS TO SELL.
(4)  THE AGING CATEGORIES SHOWN IN THE TABLES REFLECT THE EFFECT OF EXTENSIONS.

EXTENSIONS

         We may offer a customer an extension, under which the customer agrees
with us to move past due payments to the end of the automobile contract term. In
such cases the customer must sign an agreement for the extension, and may pay a
fee representing partial payment of accrued interest. Our policies, and
contractual arrangements for our warehouse and securitization transactions,
limit the number of extensions that may be granted. In general, a customer may
arrange for an extension no more than once every 12 months, not to exceed four
extensions over the life of the contract.

         If a customer is granted such an extension, the date next due is
advanced. Subsequent delinquency aging classifications would be based on the
future payment performance of the automobile contract.

                                       7
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                    -------------------------------------------
                                                        2006            2005           2004
                                                    -------------------------------------------
                                                               (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
        CPS, MFN, TFC and SeaWest Combined
<S>                                                 <C>             <C>           <C>
Average servicing portfolio outstanding............ $  1,367,935    $  966,295    $   796,436
Net charge-offs as a percentage of average
servicing portfolio (2)............................          4.5 %         5.3 %          7.8 %
</TABLE>

(1)  ALL AMOUNTS AND PERCENTAGES ARE BASED ON THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT SCHEDULED TO
     BE PAID ON EACH AUTOMOBILE CONTRACT, NET OF UNEARNED INCOME ON PRE-COMPUTED
     AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS. THE INFORMATION IN THE TABLE REPRESENTS ALL
     AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS SERVICED BY US, EXCLUDING THE SEAWEST THIRD PARTY
     PORTFOLIO (AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS ORIGINATED BY SEAWEST FOR WHICH WE ARE THE
     SERVICER BUT HAVE NO EQUITY INTEREST).
(2)  NET CHARGE-OFFS INCLUDE THE REMAINING PRINCIPAL BALANCE, AFTER THE
     APPLICATION OF THE NET PROCEEDS FROM THE LIQUIDATION OF THE VEHICLE
     (EXCLUDING ACCRUED AND UNPAID INTEREST) AND AMOUNTS COLLECTED SUBSEQUENT TO
     THE DATE OF CHARGE-OFF, INCLUDING SOME RECOVERIES WHICH HAVE BEEN
     CLASSIFIED AS OTHER INCOME IN THE ACCOMPANYING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

SECURITIZATION OF AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS

         We purchase automobile contracts with the intention of financing them
on a long-term basis through securitizations. All such securitizations have
involved identification of specific automobile contracts, sale of those
automobile contracts (and associated rights) to a special purpose subsidiary,
and issuance of asset-backed securities to fund the transactions. Upon the
securitization of a portfolio of automobile contracts, we retain the obligation
to service the contracts, and receive a monthly fee for doing so. We have been a
regular issuer of asset-backed securities since 1994, completing 43
securitizations totaling over $5.0 billion through December 31, 2006. Depending
on the structure of the securitization, the transaction may be treated as a sale
of the automobile contracts or as a secured financing for financial accounting
purposes. Since the third quarter of 2003, we have structured our
securitizations as secured financings rather than as sales of contracts.

         When structured to be treated as a secured financing, the subsidiary is
consolidated and, accordingly, the automobile contracts and the related
securitization trust debt appear as assets and liabilities, respectively, on our
consolidated balance sheet. We then recognize interest income on the contracts
and interest expense on the securities issued in the securitization and record
as expense a provision for probable credit losses on the contracts.

         When structured to be treated as a sale, the subsidiary is not
consolidated. Accordingly, the securitization removes the sold automobile
contracts from our consolidated balance sheet, the related debt does not appear
as our debt, and our consolidated balance sheet shows, as an asset, a retained
residual interest in the sold automobile contracts. The residual interest
represents the discounted value of what we expect will be the excess of future
collections on the automobile contracts over principal and interest due on the
asset-backed securities. That residual interest appears on our consolidated
balance sheet as "residual interest in securitizations," and the determination
of its value is dependent on our estimates of the future performance of the sold
automobile contracts.

         Prior to a securitization transaction, we fund our automobile contract
purchases primarily with proceeds from warehouse credit facilities. As of
December 31, 2006, we had $400 million in warehouse credit capacity, in the form
of two $200 million facilities. Both warehouse credit facilities provide funding
for automobile contracts purchased under the CPS programs, while one facility
also provides funding for automobile contracts purchased under the TFC programs.
Up to 83% of the principal balance of the automobile contracts may be advanced
to us under these facilities, subject to collateral tests and certain other
conditions and covenants. Subsequent to year-end, we amended our warehouse
facilities to permit issuance of subordinated debt to additional lenders. The
result is to increase the effective advance rate to as high as 93%. Long-term
financing for the automobile contract purchases is achieved through
securitization transactions and the proceeds from such securitization
transactions are used primarily to repay the warehouse credit facilities.

         In a securitization and in our warehouse credit facilities, we are
required to make certain representations and warranties, which are generally
similar to the representations and warranties made by dealers in connection with
our purchase of the automobile contracts. If we breach any of our
representations or warranties, we will be obligated to repurchase the automobile
contract at a price equal to the principal balance plus accrued and unpaid
interest. We may then be entitled under the terms of our dealer agreement to
require the selling dealer to repurchase the contract at a price equal to our
purchase price, less any principal payments made by the customer. Subject to any
recourse against dealers, we will bear the risk of loss on repossession and
resale of vehicles under automobile contracts that we repurchase.

                                       8
<PAGE>

         Whether a securitization is treated as a secured financing or as a sale
for financial accounting purposes, the related special purpose subsidiary may be
unable to release excess cash to us if the credit performance of the securitized
automobile contracts falls short of pre-determined standards. Such releases
represent a material portion of the cash that we use to fund our operations. An
unexpected deterioration in the performance of securitized automobile contracts
could therefore have a material adverse effect on both our liquidity and results
of operations, regardless of whether such automobile contracts are treated as
having been sold or as having been financed. For estimation of the magnitude of
such risk, it may be appropriate to look to the size of our "managed portfolio,"
which represents both financed and sold automobile contracts as to which such
credit risk is retained. Our managed portfolio as of December 31, 2006 was
approximately $1.6 billion (this amount includes $3.8 million related to the
SeaWest third party portfolio, on which we earn only servicing fees and have no
credit risk).

COMPETITION

         The automobile financing business is highly competitive. We compete
with a number of national, regional and local finance companies with operations
similar to ours. In addition, competitors or potential competitors include other
types of financial services companies, such as commercial banks, savings and
loan associations, leasing companies, credit unions providing retail loan
financing and lease financing for new and used vehicles, and captive finance
companies affiliated with major automobile manufacturers such as General Motors
Acceptance Corporation, Ford Motor Credit Corporation, Chrysler Finance
Corporation and Nissan Motors Acceptance Corporation. Many of our competitors
and potential competitors possess substantially greater financial, marketing,
technical, personnel and other resources than we do. Moreover, our future
profitability will be directly related to the availability and cost of our
capital in relation to the availability and cost of capital to our competitors.
Our competitors and potential competitors include far larger, more established
companies that have access to capital markets for unsecured commercial paper and
investment grade-rated debt instruments and to other funding sources that may be
unavailable to us. Many of these companies also have long-standing relationships
with dealers and may provide other financing to dealers, including floor plan
financing for the dealers' purchase of automobiles from manufacturers, which we
do not offer.

         We believe that the principal competitive factors affecting a dealer's
decision to offer automobile contracts for sale to a particular financing source
are the purchase price offered for the automobile contracts, the reasonableness
of the financing source's underwriting guidelines and documentation requests,
the predictability and timeliness of purchases and the financial stability of
the funding source. While we believe that we can obtain from dealers sufficient
automobile contracts for purchase at attractive prices by consistently applying
reasonable underwriting criteria and making timely purchases of qualifying
automobile contracts, there can be no assurance that we will do so.

REGULATION

         Several federal and state consumer protection laws, including the
federal Truth-In-Lending Act, the federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the
federal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act,
regulate the extension of credit in consumer credit transactions. These laws
mandate certain disclosures with respect to finance charges on automobile
contracts and impose certain other restrictions on dealers. In many states, a
license is required to engage in the business of purchasing automobile contracts
from dealers. In addition, laws in a number of states impose limitations on the
amount of finance charges that may be charged by dealers on credit sales. The
so-called Lemon Laws enacted by various states provide certain rights to
purchasers with respect to automobiles that fail to satisfy express warranties.
The application of Lemon Laws or violation of such other federal and state laws
may give rise to a claim or defense of a customer against a dealer and its
assignees, including us and purchasers of automobile contracts from us. The
dealer agreement contains representations by the dealer that, as of the date of
assignment of automobile contracts, no such claims or defenses have been
asserted or threatened with respect to the automobile contracts and that all
requirements of such federal and state laws have been complied with in all
material respects. Although a dealer would be obligated to repurchase automobile
contracts that involve a breach of such warranty, there can be no assurance that
the dealer will have the financial resources to satisfy our repurchase
obligations. Certain of these laws also regulate our servicing activities,
including our methods of collection.

         Although we believe that we are currently in material compliance with
applicable statutes and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will be
able to maintain such compliance. The past or future failure to comply with such
statutes and regulations could have a material adverse effect upon us.
Furthermore, the adoption of additional statutes and regulations, changes in the
interpretation and enforcement of current statutes and regulations or the
expansion of our business into jurisdictions that have adopted more stringent
regulatory requirements than those in which we currently conduct business could
have a material adverse effect upon us. In addition, due to the
consumer-oriented nature of the industry in which we operate and the application


                                       9
<PAGE>

of certain laws and regulations, industry participants are regularly named as
defendants in litigation involving alleged violations of federal and state laws
and regulations and consumer law torts, including fraud. Many of these actions
involve alleged violations of consumer protection laws. A significant judgment
against us or within the industry in connection with any such litigation could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
or liquidity.

EMPLOYEES

         As of December 31, 2006, we had 789 employees. The breakdown of the
employees is as follows: 6 are senior management personnel, 420 are collections
personnel, 168 are automobile contract origination personnel, 113 are marketing
personnel (94 of whom are marketing representatives), 56 are operations and
systems personnel, and 26 are administrative personnel. We believe that our
relations with our employees are good. We are not a party to any collective
bargaining agreement.


ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

         Our business, operating results and financial condition could be
adversely affected by any of the following specific risks. The trading price of
our common stock could decline due to any of these risks and other industry
risks, and you could lose all or part of your investment. In addition to the
risks described below, we may encounter risks that are not currently known to us
or that we currently deem immaterial, which may also impair our business
operations and your investment in our common stock.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS

WE REQUIRE A SUBSTANTIAL AMOUNT OF CASH TO SERVICE OUR SUBSTANTIAL DEBT.

         To service our existing substantial indebtedness, we require a
significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many
factors, including our successful financial and operating performance. Our
financial and operational performance depends upon a number of factors, many of
which are beyond our control. These factors include, without limitation:

o    the economic and competitive conditions in the asset-backed
     securities market;
o    the performance of our current and future automobile contracts;
o    the performance of our residual interests from our securitizations
     and warehouse credit facilities;
o    any operating difficulties or pricing pressures we may experience;
o    our ability to obtain credit enhancement for our securitizations;
o    our ability to establish and maintain dealer relationships;
o    the passage of laws or regulations that affect us adversely;
o    our ability to compete with our competitors; and
o    our ability to acquire and finance automobile contracts.

         Depending upon the outcome of one or more of these factors, we may not
be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or obtain sufficient
funding to satisfy all of our obligations. If we were unable to pay our debts,
we would be required to pursue one or more alternative strategies, such as
selling assets, refinancing or restructuring our indebtedness or selling
additional equity capital. These alternative strategies might not be feasible at
the time, might prove inadequate or could require the prior consent of our
secured and unsecured lenders.

WE NEED SUBSTANTIAL LIQUIDITY TO OPERATE OUR BUSINESS.

         We have historically funded our operations principally through
internally generated cash flows, sales of debt and equity securities, including
through securitizations and warehouse credit facilities, borrowings under senior
subordinated debt agreements and sales of subordinated notes. However, we may
not be able to obtain sufficient funding for our future operations from such
sources. If we were unable to access the capital markets or obtain other
acceptable financing, our results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows would be materially and adversely affected. We require a substantial
amount of cash liquidity to operate our business. Among other things, we use
such cash liquidity to:

o    acquire automobile contracts;
o    fund overcollateralization in warehouse credit facilities and
     securitizations;
o    pay securitization fees and expenses;
o    fund spread accounts in connection with securitizations;
o    satisfy working capital requirements and pay operating expenses; and
o    pay interest expense.

                                       10
<PAGE>

OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WILL DEPEND ON OUR ABILITY TO SECURE AND MAINTAIN
ADEQUATE CREDIT AND WAREHOUSE FINANCING ON FAVORABLE TERMS.

         We depend on warehouse credit facilities to finance our purchases of
automobile contracts. Our business strategy requires that these warehouse credit
facilities continue to be available to us from the time of purchase or
origination of an automobile contract until it is financed through a
securitization.

         Our primary sources of day-to-day liquidity are our warehouse credit
facilities, in which we sell and contribute automobile contracts, as often as
twice a week, to affiliated special-purpose entities, where they are
"warehoused" until they are securitized, at which time funds advanced under one
or more warehouse credit facilities are repaid from the proceeds of the
securitizations. The special-purpose entities obtain the funds to purchase these
contracts by pledging the contracts to a trustee for the benefit of warehouse
lenders, who advance funds to our affiliated special-purpose entities based on
the dollar amount of the contracts pledged. We depend substantially on two
warehouse credit facilities: (i) a $200 million warehouse credit facility, which
we established in November 2005 and, unless earlier renewed or terminated upon
the occurrence of certain events, which will expire in November 2007; and (ii) a
$200 million warehouse credit facility, which we established in June 2004 and
which, unless renewed or earlier terminated upon the occurrence of certain
events, will expire in June 2007. Each of these facilities may be renewed by
mutual agreement between the lender and us. These warehouse credit facilities
will remain available to us only if, among other things, we comply with certain
financial covenants contained in the documents governing these facilities. These
warehouse credit facilities may not be available to us in the future and we may
not be able to obtain other credit facilities on favorable terms to fund our
operations.

         If we were unable to arrange new warehousing or other credit facilities
or renew our existing warehouse credit facilities when they come due, our
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows would be materially
and adversely affected.

OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WILL DEPEND ON OUR ABILITY TO SECURITIZE OUR PORTFOLIO
OF AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS.

         We are dependent upon our ability to continue to finance pools of
automobile contracts in securitizations in order to generate cash proceeds for
new purchases of automobile contracts. We have historically depended on
securitizations of automobile contracts to provide permanent financing of those
contracts. By "permanent financing" we mean financing that extends to cover the
full term during which the underlying contracts are outstanding. By contrast,
our warehouse credit facilities permit us to borrow against the value of such
receivables only for limited periods of time. Our past practice and future plan
has been and is to repay loans made to us under our warehouse credit facilities
with the proceeds of securitizations. There can be no assurance that any
securitization transaction will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at
all. The timing of any securitization transaction is affected by a number of
factors beyond our control, any of which could cause substantial delays,
including, without limitation:

o    market conditions;
o    the approval by all parties of the terms of the securitization;
o    the availability of credit enhancement on acceptable terms; and
o    our ability to acquire a sufficient number of automobile contracts for
     securitization.

         Adverse changes in the market for securitized pools of automobile
contracts may result in our inability to securitize automobile contracts and may
result in a substantial extension of the period during which our automobile
contracts are financed through our warehouse credit facilities, which would
burden our financing capabilities, could require us to curtail our purchase of,
or find an alternative source of financing for, such automobile contracts and
would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WILL DEPEND ON CASH FLOWS FROM OUR RESIDUAL INTERESTS
IN OUR SECURITIZATION PROGRAM AND OUR WAREHOUSE CREDIT FACILITIES.

         When we finance our automobile contracts through securitizations and
warehouse credit facilities, we receive cash and a residual interest in the
assets financed. Those financed assets are owned by the special-purpose
subsidiary that is formed for the related securitization. This residual interest
represents the right to receive the future cash flows to be generated by the
automobile contracts in excess of (i) the interest and principal paid to
investors on the indebtedness issued in connection with the financing (ii) the
costs of servicing the contracts and (iii) certain other costs incurred in
connection with completing and maintaining the securitization or warehouse
credit facility. We sometimes refer to these future cash flows as "excess spread
cash flows."

                                       11
<PAGE>

         Under the financial structures we have used to date in our
securitizations and warehouse credit facilities, excess spread cash flows that
would otherwise be paid to the holder of the residual interest are first used to
increase overcollateralization or are retained in a spread account within the
securitization trusts or the warehouse facility to provide liquidity and credit
enhancement for the related securities.

         While the specific terms and mechanics vary among transactions, our
securitization and warehousing agreements generally provide that we will receive
excess spread cash flows only if the amount of overcollateralization and spread
account balances have reached specified levels and/or the delinquency, defaults
or net losses related to the contracts in the automobile contract pools are
below certain predetermined levels. In the event delinquencies, defaults or net
losses on contracts exceed these levels, the terms of the securitization or
warehouse credit facility:

o    may require increased credit enhancement, including an increase in the
     amount required to be on deposit in the spread account, to be accumulated
     for the particular pool;
o    may restrict the distribution to us of excess spread cash flows associated
     with other securitized or warehoused pools; and
o    in certain circumstances, may permit affected parties to require the
     transfer of servicing on some or all of the securitized or warehoused
     contracts from us to an unaffiliated servicer.

         We typically retain or sell residual interests or use them as
collateral to borrow cash. In any case, the future excess spread cash flow
received in respect of the residual interests is integral to the financing of
our operations. The amount of cash received from residual interests depends in
large part on how well our portfolio of securitized and warehoused automobile
contracts performs. If our portfolio of securitized and warehoused automobile
contracts has higher delinquency and loss ratios than expected, then the amount
of money realized from our retained residual interests, or the amount of money
we could obtain from the sale or other financing of our residual interests,
would be reduced, which could have an adverse effect on our operations,
financial condition and cash flows.

IF WE ARE UNABLE TO OBTAIN CREDIT ENHANCEMENT FOR OUR SECURITIZATIONS OR OUR
WAREHOUSE CREDIT FACILITIES UPON FAVORABLE TERMS, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
WOULD BE IMPAIRED.

         In our securitizations, we typically utilize credit enhancement in the
form of one or more financial guaranty insurance policies issued by financial
guaranty insurance companies. Each of these policies unconditionally and
irrevocably guarantees certain interest and principal payments on the senior
classes of the securities issued in our securitizations. These guarantees enable
these securities to achieve the highest credit rating available. This form of
credit enhancement reduces the costs of our securitizations relative to
alternative forms of credit enhancement currently available to us. None of such
financial guaranty insurance companies is required to insure future
securitizations. As we pursue future securitizations, we may not be able to
obtain:

o    credit enhancement in any form from financial guaranty insurance companies
     or any other provider of credit enhancement on terms acceptable to us, or
     at all; or
o    similar ratings for senior classes of securities to be issued in future
     securitizations.

         If We Were Unable to Obtain Such Enhancements or Such Ratings, We Would
Expect To Incur Increased Interest Expense, Which Would adversely Affect Our
Results of Operations.

IF WE ARE UNABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY COMPETE WITH OUR COMPETITORS, OUR RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         The automobile financing business is highly competitive. We compete
with a number of national, regional and local finance companies. In addition,
competitors or potential competitors include other types of financial services
companies, such as commercial banks, savings and loan associations, leasing
companies, credit unions providing retail loan financing and lease financing for
new and used vehicles and captive finance companies affiliated with major
automobile manufacturers such as General Motors Acceptance Corporation and Ford
Motor Credit Corporation. Many of our competitors and potential competitors
possess substantially greater financial, marketing, technical, personnel and
other resources than we do, including greater access to capital markets for
unsecured commercial paper and investment grade rated debt instruments, and to
other funding sources which may be unavailable to us. Moreover, our future
profitability will be directly related to the availability and cost of our
capital relative to that of our competitors. Many of these companies also have
long-standing relationships with automobile dealers and may provide other
financing to dealers, including floor plan financing for the dealers' purchases
of automobiles from manufacturers, which we do not offer. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to continue to compete successfully and, as a
result, we may not be able to purchase contracts from dealers at a price
acceptable to us, which could result in reductions in our revenues or the cash
flows available to us.

                                       12
<PAGE>

IF OUR DEALERS DO NOT SUBMIT A SUFFICIENT NUMBER OF SUITABLE AUTOMOBILE
CONTRACTS TO US FOR PURCHASE, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         We are dependent upon establishing and maintaining relationships with a
large number of unaffiliated automobile dealers to supply us with automobile
contracts. During the year ended December 31, 2006, no dealer accounted for more
than 1.0% of the contracts we purchased. The agreements we have with dealers to
purchase contracts do not require dealers to submit a minimum number of
contracts for purchase. The failure of dealers to submit contracts that meet our
underwriting criteria could result in reductions in our revenues or the cash
flows available to us, and, therefore, could have an adverse effect on our
results of operations.

IF A SIGNIFICANT NUMBER OF OUR AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS PREPAY OR EXPERIENCE
DEFAULTS, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         We specialize in the purchase and servicing of contracts to finance
automobile purchases by sub-prime customers, those who have limited credit
history, low income, or past credit problems. Such contracts entail a higher
risk of non-performance, higher delinquencies and higher losses than contracts
with more creditworthy customers. While we believe that our pricing of the
automobile contracts and the underwriting criteria and collection methods we
employ enable us to control, to a degree, the higher risks inherent in contracts
with sub-prime customers, no assurance can be given that such pricing, criteria
and methods will afford adequate protection against such risks. We have in the
past experienced fluctuations in the delinquency and charge-off performance of
our contracts.

         If automobile contracts that we purchase or service are prepaid or
experience defaults to a greater extent than we have anticipated, this could
materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition,
cash flows and liquidity. Our results of operations, financial condition, cash
flows and liquidity, depend, to a material extent, on the performance of
automobile contracts that we purchase, warehouse and securitize. A portion of
the automobile contracts acquired by us will default or prepay. In the event of
payment default, the collateral value of the vehicle securing an automobile
contract realized by us in a repossession will most likely not cover the
outstanding principal balance on that contract and the related costs of
recovery. We maintain an allowance for credit losses on automobile contracts
held on our balance sheet, which reflects our estimates of probable credit
losses that can be reasonably estimated for securitizations that are accounted
for as financings and warehoused contracts. If the allowance is inadequate, then
we would recognize the losses in excess of the allowance as an expense and our
results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, under the terms
of our warehouse credit facilities, we are not able to borrow against defaulted
automobile contracts, including contracts that are, at the time of default,
funded under our warehouse credit facilities, which will reduce the
overcollateralization of those warehouse credit facilities and possibly reduce
the amount of cash flows available to us.

         Our servicing income can also be adversely affected by prepayment of,
or defaults under, automobile contracts in our non-consolidated servicing
portfolio. Our contractual servicing revenue is based on a percentage of the
outstanding principal balance of the automobile contracts in our servicing
portfolio. If automobile contracts are prepaid or charged off, then our
servicing revenue will decline, while our servicing costs may not decline
proportionately. In addition unexpected levels of defaults or losses may trigger
changes in the terms applicable to our securitizations and warehouse credit
facilities, which could adversely affect our cash flows, our revenues, or both.

         The value of our residual interest in the securitized assets in each
securitization treated as a sale for financial accounting purposes
(securitizations entered into prior to the beginning of the third quarter of
2003) reflects our estimate of expected future credit losses and prepayments for
the automobile contracts included in that securitization. If actual rates of
credit loss or prepayments, or both, on such automobile contracts exceed our
estimates, the value of our residual interest and the related cash flow would be
impaired, and we would be required to record an impairment charge, which would
reduce our earnings. We periodically review our credit loss and prepayment
assumptions relative to the performance of the securitized automobile contracts
and to market conditions. Our results of operations and liquidity could be
adversely affected if actual credit loss or prepayment levels on securitized
automobile contracts substantially exceed anticipated levels.

         Higher credit losses than anticipated could also result in adverse
changes in the structure of future securitization transactions, such as a
requirement of increased cash collateral or other credit enhancement in such
transactions.

IF WE LOSE SERVICING RIGHTS ON OUR PORTFOLIO OF AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS, OUR
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WILL BE IMPAIRED.

         We are entitled to receive servicing fees only while we act as servicer
under the applicable sale and servicing agreements governing our warehouse
facilities and securitizations. Under such agreements, we may be terminated as
servicer upon the occurrence of certain events, including:

                                       13
<PAGE>

o    our failure generally to observe and perform covenants and agreements
     applicable to us;
o    certain bankruptcy events involving us; or
o    the occurrence of certain events of default under the documents governing
     the facilities.

         The loss of our servicing rights could materially and adversely affect
our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows, would be materially and
adversely affected if we were to be terminated as servicer with respect to a
material portion of the automobile contracts for which we are receiving
servicing fees.

IF WE LOSE KEY PERSONNEL, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         Our management team averages eleven years of service with us. Charles
E. Bradley, Jr., our President and CEO, has been our President since our
formation in 1991. Our future operating results depend in significant part upon
the continued service of our key senior management personnel, none of whom is
bound by an employment agreement. Our future operating results also depend in
part upon our ability to attract and retain qualified management, technical,
sales and support personnel for our operations. Competition for such personnel
is intense. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting or
retaining such personnel. The loss of any key employee, the failure of any key
employee to perform in his or her current position or our inability to attract
and retain skilled employees, as needed, could materially and adversely affect
our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

IF WE FAIL TO COMPLY WITH REGULATIONS, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE
IMPAIRED.

         Failure to materially comply with all laws and regulations applicable
to us could materially and adversely affect our ability to operate our business.
Our business is subject to numerous federal and state consumer protection laws
and regulations, which, among other things:

o    require us to obtain and maintain certain licenses and qualifications;
o    limit the interest rates, fees and other charges we are allowed to charge;
o    limit or prescribe certain other terms of our automobile contracts;
o    require specific disclosures to our customers;
o    define our rights to repossess and sell collateral; and
o    maintain safeguards designed to protect the security and confidentiality of
     customer information.

         We believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with all
such laws and regulations, and that such laws and regulations have had no
material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business. However, we may
be materially and adversely affected if we fail to comply with:

o    applicable laws and regulations;
o    changes in existing laws or regulations;
o    changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations; or
o    any additional laws or regulations that may be enacted in the future.

IF WE EXPERIENCE UNFAVORABLE LITIGATION RESULTS, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY
BE IMPAIRED.

         Unfavorable outcomes in any of our current or future litigation
proceedings could materially and adversely affect our results of operations,
financial conditions and cash flows. As a consumer finance company, we are
subject to various consumer claims and litigation seeking damages and statutory
penalties based upon, among other things, disclosure inaccuracies and wrongful
repossession, which could take the form of a plaintiff's class action complaint.
We, as the assignee of finance contracts originated by dealers, may also be
named as a co-defendant in lawsuits filed by consumers principally against
dealers. We are also subject to other litigation common to the automobile
industry and businesses in general. The damages and penalties claimed by
consumers and others in these types of matters can be substantial. The relief
requested by the plaintiffs varies but includes requests for compensatory,
statutory and punitive damages.

         While we intend to vigorously defend ourselves against such
proceedings, there is a chance that our results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by
unfavorable outcomes.

                                       14
<PAGE>

IF WE EXPERIENCE PROBLEMS WITH OUR ORIGINATIONS, ACCOUNTING OR COLLECTION
SYSTEMS, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         We are dependent on our receivables originations, accounting and
collection systems to service our portfolio of automobile contracts. Such
systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power
loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer viruses and other
events. A significant number of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster
recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality. Our systems are also
subject to break-ins, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism by internal
employees and contractors as well as third parties. Despite any precautions we
may take, such problems could result in interruptions in our services, which
could harm our reputation and financial condition. We do not carry business
interruption insurance sufficient to compensate us for losses that may result
from interruptions in our service as a result of system failures. Such systems
problems could materially and adversely affect our results of operations,
financial conditions and cash flows.

WE HAVE SUBSTANTIAL INDEBTEDNESS.

         We have and will continue to have a substantial amount of indebtedness.
At December 31, 2006, we had approximately $1,586.0 million of debt outstanding.
Such debt consisted primarily of $1,443.0 million of securitization trust debt,
and also included $73.0 million of warehouse indebtedness, $31.4 million of
residual interest financing, $25.0 million owed to a related party, and $13.6
million owed under a subordinated notes program. We are also currently offering
the subordinated notes to the public on a continuous basis, and such notes have
maturities that range from three months to ten years.

         Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial
condition by, among other things:

o    increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry
     conditions;
o    requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from
     operations payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing amounts available
     for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate
     purposes;
o    limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our
     business and the industry in which we operate;
o    placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that
     have less debt; and
o    limiting our ability to borrow additional funds.

         Although we believe we are able to service and repay such debt, there
is no assurance that we will be able to do so. If we do not generate sufficient
operating profits, our ability to make required payments on our debt would be
impaired. Further, our ability to repay when due the $25.0 million owed to a
related party is dependent on our ability to obtain replacement financing prior
to its May 2007 maturity, or to extend the maturity date. Failure to pay that
debt when due could have a material adverse effect.

BECAUSE WE ARE SUBJECT TO MANY RESTRICTIONS IN OUR EXISTING CREDIT FACILITIES
AND SECURITIZATION TRANSACTIONS, OUR ABILITY TO PAY DIVIDENDS OR ENGAGE IN
SPECIFIED TRANSACTIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         The terms of our existing credit facilities and our outstanding debt
impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our
subsidiaries and require us to meet certain financial tests. These restrictions
may have an adverse effect on our business activities, results of operations and
financial condition. These restrictions may also significantly limit or prohibit
us from engaging in certain transactions, including the following:

o    incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness;
o    making capital expenditures in excess of agreed upon amounts;
o    paying dividends or other distributions to our stockholders or redeeming,
     repurchasing or retiring our capital stock or subordinated obligations;
o    making investments;
o    creating or permitting liens on our assets or the assets of our
     subsidiaries;
o    issuing or selling capital stock of our subsidiaries;
o    transferring or selling our assets;
o    engaging in mergers or consolidations;
o    permitting a change of control of our company;
o    liquidating, winding up or dissolving our company;
o    changing our name or the nature of our business, or the names or nature of
     the business of our subsidiaries; and
o    engaging in transactions with our affiliates outside the normal course of
     business.

                                       15
<PAGE>

         These restrictions may limit our ability to obtain additional sources
of capital, which may limit our ability to generate earnings. In addition, the
failure to comply with any of the covenants of our existing credit facilities or
to maintain certain indebtedness ratios would cause a default under one or more
of our credit facilities or our other debt agreements that may be outstanding
from time to time. A default, if not waived, could result in acceleration of the
related indebtedness, in which case such debt would become immediately due and
payable. A continuing default or acceleration of one or more of our credit
facilities or any other debt agreement, would likely cause a default under other
debt agreements that otherwise would not be in default, in which case all such
related indebtedness could be accelerated. If this occurs, we may not be able to
repay our debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance our indebtedness. Even if
any new financing is available, it may not be on terms that are acceptable to us
or it may not be sufficient to refinance all of our indebtedness as it becomes
due.

         In addition, the transaction documents for our securitizations restrict
our securitization subsidiaries from declaring or making payment to us of (i)
any divided or other distribution on or in respect of any shares of their
capital stock, or (ii) any payment on account of the purchase, redemption,
retirement or acquisition of any option, warrant or other right to acquire
shares of their capital stock unless (in each case) at the time of such
declaration or payment (and after giving effect thereto) no amount payable under
any transaction document with respect to the related securitization is then due
and owing, but unpaid. These restrictions may limit our ability to receive
distributions in respect of the residual interests from our securitization
facilities, which may limit our ability to generate earnings.


RISKS RELATED TO GENERAL FACTORS

IF THE ECONOMY OF ALL OR CERTAIN REGIONS OF THE UNITED STATES SLOWS OR ENTERS
INTO A RECESSION, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         Our business is directly related to sales of new and used automobiles,
which are sensitive to employment rates, prevailing interest rates and other
domestic economic conditions. Delinquencies, repossessions and losses generally
increase during economic slowdowns or recessions. Because of our focus on
sub-prime customers, the actual rates of delinquencies, repossessions and losses
on our automobile contracts could be higher under adverse economic conditions
than those experienced in the automobile finance industry in general,
particularly in the states of Texas, California, Ohio, Florida, Pennsylvania and
Louisiana, states in which our automobile contracts are geographically
concentrated. Any sustained period of economic slowdown or recession could
adversely affect our ability to acquire suitable contracts, or to securitize
pools of such contracts. The timing of any economic changes is uncertain, and
weakness in the economy could have an adverse effect on our business and that of
the dealers from which we purchase contracts and result in reductions in our
revenues or the cash flows available to us.

OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED AS A RESULT OF NATURAL DISASTERS.

         Our automobile contracts are geographically concentrated in the states
of Texas, California, Ohio, Florida, Pennsylvania, and Louisiana. Several of
such states are particularly susceptible to natural disasters: earthquake in the
case of California, and hurricanes and flooding in the states of Florida, Texas
and Louisiana. Natural disasters, in those states or others, could cause a
material number of our vehicle purchasers to lose their jobs, or could damage or
destroy vehicles that secure our automobile contracts. In either case, such
events could result in our receiving reduced collections on our automobile
contracts, and could thus result in reductions in our revenues or the cash flows
available to us.

IF AN INCREASE IN INTEREST RATES RESULTS IN A DECREASE IN OUR CASH FLOW FROM
EXCESS SPREAD, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE IMPAIRED.

         Our profitability is largely determined by the difference, or "spread,"
between the effective interest rate received by us on the automobile contracts
that we acquire and the interest rates payable under our warehouse credit
facilities and on the asset-backed securities issued in our securitizations.

         Several factors affect our ability to manage interest rate risk.
Specifically, we are subject to interest rate risk during the period between
when automobile contracts are purchased from dealers and when such contracts are
sold and financed in a securitization. Interest rates on our warehouse credit
facilities are adjustable while the interest rates on the automobile contracts
are fixed. Therefore, if interest rates increase, the interest we must pay to
the lenders under our warehouse credit facilities is likely to increase while
the interest realized by us from those warehoused automobile contracts remains
the same, and thus, during the warehousing period, the excess spread cash flow
received by us would likely decrease. Additionally, contracts warehoused and
then securitized during a rising interest rate environment may result in less
excess spread cash flow realized by us under those securitizations as,


                                       16
<PAGE>

historically, our securitization facilities pay interest to security holders on
a fixed rate basis set at prevailing interest rates at the time of the closing
of the securitization, which may be several months after the securitized
contracts were originated and entered the warehouse, while our customers pay
fixed rates of interest on the contracts, set at the time they purchase the
underlying vehicles. A decrease in excess spread cash flow could adversely
affect our earnings and cash flow.

         To mitigate, but not eliminate, the short-term risk relating to
interest rates payable by us under the warehouse facilities, we generally hold
automobile contracts in the warehouse credit facilities for less than four
months. To mitigate, but not eliminate, the long-term risk relating to interest
rates payable by us in securitizations, we have in the past, and intend to
continue to, structure some of our securitization transactions to include
pre-funding structures, whereby the amount of securities issued exceeds the
amount of contracts initially sold into the securitization. In pre-funding, the
proceeds from the pre-funded portion are held in an escrow account until we sell
the additional contracts into the securitization in amounts up to the balance of
the pre-funded escrow account. In pre-funded securitizations, we effectively
lock in our borrowing costs with respect to the contracts we subsequently sell
into the securitization. However, we incur an expense in pre-funded
securitizations equal to the difference between the money market yields earned
on the proceeds held in escrow prior to subsequent delivery of contracts and the
interest rate paid on the securities issued in the securitization. The amount of
such expense may vary. Despite these mitigation strategies, an increase in
prevailing interest rates would cause us to receive less excess spread cash
flows on automobile contracts, and thus could adversely affect our earnings and
cash flows.

THE EFFECTS OF TERRORISM AND MILITARY ACTION MAY IMPAIR OUR RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS.

         The long-term economic impact of the events of September 11, 2001,
possible future terrorist attacks or other incidents and related military
action, or current or future military action by United States forces in Iraq and
other regions, could have a material adverse effect on general economic
conditions, consumer confidence, and market liquidity in the United States. No
assurance can be given as to the effect of these events on the performance of
our automobile contracts. Any adverse impact resulting from these events could
materially affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
In addition, activation of a substantial number of U.S. military reservists or
members of the National Guard may significantly increase the proportion of
contracts whose interest rates are reduced by the application of the
Servicemembers' Civil Relief Act, which provides, generally, that an obligor who
is covered by that act may not be charged interest on the related contract in
excess of 6% annually during the period of the obligor's active duty.


RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK

OUR COMMON STOCK IS THINLY-TRADED.

         Our stock is thinly-traded, which means investors will have limited
opportunities to sell their shares of common stock in the open market. Limited
trading of our common stock also contributes to more volatile price
fluctuations. Because there historically has been low trading volume in our
common stock, there can be no assurance that our stock price will not decline as
additional shares are sold in the public market. As of December 31, 2006, all of
our directors and executive officers and a related party beneficially owned
8,449,114 shares of our common stock, or approximately 28%.

WE DO NOT INTEND TO PAY DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON STOCK.

         We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock.
We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay any
dividends in the foreseeable future. Even if we were to change our intention,
the terms of our secured debt prohibit us from paying any dividends to our
shareholders without the consent of the holder of such secured debt, which may
be withheld in its sole discretion. See "Dividend Policy. "


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         Discussions of certain matters contained in this report may constitute
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act, and as such, may involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking
statements relate to, among other things, expectations of the business
environment in which we operate, projections of future performance, perceived
opportunities in the market and statements regarding our mission and vision. You
can generally identify forward-looking statements as statements containing the
words "will," "would," "believe," "may," "could," "expect," "anticipate,"
"intend," "estimate," "assume" or other similar expressions. Our actual results,
performance and achievements may differ materially from the results, performance
and achievements expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. The
discussion under "Risk Factors" identifies some of the factors that might cause
such a difference, including the following:

                                       17
<PAGE>

o    changes in general economic conditions;
o    changes in interest rates;
o    our ability to generate sufficient operating and financing cash flows;
o    competition;
o    level of future provisioning for receivables losses; and
o    regulatory requirements.

         Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. They
involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results may differ from
expectations due to many factors beyond our ability to control or predict,
including those described herein, and in documents incorporated by reference in
this report. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor
for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995.

         We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
information. You are advised to consult any additional disclosure we make in our
periodic reports filed with the SEC. See "Where You Can Find More Information"
and "Documents Incorporated by Reference."


ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

         Not applicable.


ITEM 2.  PROPERTY

         The Company's headquarters are located in Irvine, California, where it
leases approximately 115,000 square feet of general office space from an
unaffiliated lessor. The annual base rent was approximately $1.9 million through
October 2003, and increased to $2.1 million for the following five years. In
addition to base rent, the Company pays the property taxes, maintenance and
other expenses of the premises.

         In March 1997, the Company established a branch collection facility in
Chesapeake, Virginia. The Company leases approximately 28,000 square feet of
general office space in Chesapeake, Virginia, at a base rent that is currently
$489,228 per year, increasing to $501,542 over a 10-year term.

         The remaining two regional servicing centers occupy a total of
approximately 51,000 square feet of leased space in Maitland, Florida; and
Hinsdale, Illinois. The termination dates of such leases range from 2008 to
2010.


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         STANWICH LITIGATION. CPS was for some time a defendant in a class
action (the "Stanwich Case") brought in the California Superior Court, Los
Angeles County. The original plaintiffs in that case were persons entitled to
receive regular payments (the "Settlement Payments") under out-of-court
settlements reached with third party defendants. Stanwich Financial Services
Corp. ("Stanwich"), an affiliate of the former chairman of the board of
directors of CPS, is the entity that was obligated to pay the Settlement
Payments. Stanwich defaulted on its payment obligations to the plaintiffs and in
June 2001 filed for reorganization under the Bankruptcy Code, in the federal
bankruptcy court in Connecticut. At December 31, 2004, CPS was a defendant only
in a cross-claim brought by one of the other defendants in the case, Bankers
Trust Company, which asserted a claim of contractual indemnity against CPS.

         CPS subsequently settled the cross-claim of Bankers Trust by payment of
$3.24 million, in February 2005. Pursuant to that settlement, the court has
dismissed the cross-claim, with prejudice.

         In November 2001, one of the defendants in the Stanwich Case, Jonathan
Pardee, asserted claims for indemnity against the Company in a separate action,
which is now pending in federal district court in Rhode Island. The Company has
filed counterclaims in the Rhode Island federal court against Mr. Pardee, and
has filed a separate action against Mr. Pardee's Rhode Island attorneys, in the
same court. The litigation between Mr. Pardee and CPS is stayed, awaiting
resolution of an adversary action brought against Mr. Pardee in the bankruptcy
court, which is hearing the bankruptcy of Stanwich.

         CPS has reached an agreement in principle with the representative of
creditors in the Stanwich bankruptcy to resolve the adversary action. Under the
agreement in principle, CPS would pay the bankruptcy estate $625,000 and abandon
its claims against the estate, while the estate would abandon its adversary
action against Mr. Pardee. A hearing to consider that agreement is scheduled for


                                       18
<PAGE>

March 2007. If approved, CPS expects that the agreement will result in (i)
limitation of its exposure to Mr. Pardee to no more than some portion of his
attorneys fees incurred and (ii) stays in Rhode Island being lifted, causing
those cases to become active again. There can be no assurance as to these
expectations nor as to whether the court will approve the proposed agreement.

         The reader should consider that an adverse judgment against CPS in the
Rhode Island case for indemnification, if in an amount materially in excess of
any liability already recorded in respect thereof, could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition.

         OTHER LITIGATION. On June 2, 2004, Delmar Coleman filed a lawsuit in
the circuit court of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, alleging that plaintiff Coleman was
harmed by an alleged failure to refer, in the notice given after repossession of
her vehicle, to the right to purchase the vehicle by tender of the full amount
owed under the retail installment contract. Plaintiff seeks damages in an
unspecified amount, on behalf of a purported nationwide class. CPS removed the
case to federal bankruptcy court, and filed a motion for summary judgment as
part of its adversary proceeding against the plaintiff in the bankruptcy court.
The federal bankruptcy court granted the plaintiff's motion to send the matter
back to Alabama state court. CPS appealed that ruling to the federal district
court. That court ordered the bankruptcy court to decide whether the plaintiff
has standing to pursue her claims, and, if standing is found, to reconsider its
remand decision. The matter is currently pending before the bankruptcy court.
Although we believe that we have one or more defenses to each of the claims made
in this lawsuit, no discovery has yet been conducted and the case is still in
its earliest stages. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to its outcome.

         In June 2004, Plaintiff Jeremy Henry filed a lawsuit against the
Company in the California Superior Court, San Diego County, alleging improper
practices related to the notice given after repossession of a vehicle that he
purchased. Plaintiff's motion for a certification of a class has been denied,
and is the subject of an appeal now before the California Court of Appeal.
Irrespective of the outcome of that appeal, as to which there can be no
assurance, the Company has a number of defenses that may dispose of the claims
of plaintiff Henry.

         In August and September 2005, two plaintiffs represented by the same
law firm filed substantially identical lawsuits in the federal district court
for the northern district of Illinois, each of which purports to be a class
action, and each of which alleges that CPS improperly accessed consumer credit
information. CPS has reached agreements in principle to settle these cases. One
of the settlements has received final approval from the court and the other has
received preliminary approval. Notice of the settlements has been sent to the
class.

         The Company has recorded a liability as of December 31, 2006 that it
believes represents a sufficient allowance for legal contingencies. Any adverse
judgment against the Company, if in an amount materially in excess of the
recorded liability, could have a material adverse effect on the financial
position of the Company.


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         No matters were submitted to our shareholders during the fourth quarter
of 2006.


ITEM 4A. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         CHARLES E. BRADLEY, JR., 47, has been our President and a director
since our formation in March 1991, and was elected Chairman of the Board of
Directors in July 2001. In January 1992, Mr. Bradley was appointed Chief
Executive Officer. From April 1989 to November 1990, he served as Chief
Operating Officer of Barnard and Company, a private investment firm. From
September 1987 to March 1989, Mr. Bradley, Jr. was an associate of The Harding
Group, a private investment banking firm. Mr. Bradley does not currently serve
on the board of directors of any other publicly-traded companies.

         MARK A. CREATURA, 47, has been Senior Vice President - General Counsel
since October 1996. From October 1993 through October 1996, he was Vice
President and General Counsel at Urethane Technologies, Inc., a polyurethane
chemicals formulator. Mr. Creatura was previously engaged in the private
practice of law with the Los Angeles law firm of Troy & Gould Professional
Corporation, from October 1985 through October 1993.

         JEFFREY P. FRITZ, 47, has been Senior Vice President - Chief Financial
Officer since April 2006. He was Senior Vice President - Accounting from August
2004 through March 2006. He served as a consultant to us from May 2004 to August
2004. Previously, he was the Chief Financial Officer of SeaWest Financial Corp.
from February 2003 to May 2004, and the Chief Financial Officer of AFCO Auto
Finance from April 2002 to February 2003. He practiced public accounting with
Glenn M. Gelman & Associates from March 2001 to April 2002 and was Chief
Financial Officer of Credit Services Group, Inc. from May 1999 to November 2000.
He previously served as our Chief Financial Officer from our inception through
May 1999.

                                       19
<PAGE>

         CURTIS K. POWELL, 50, has been Senior Vice President - Contract
Origination since June 2001. Previously, he was our Senior Vice President -
Marketing, from April 1995. He joined us in January 1993 as an independent
marketing representative until being appointed Regional Vice President of
Marketing for Southern California in November 1994. From June 1985 through
January 1993, Mr. Powell was in the retail automobile sales and leasing
business.

         ROBERT E. RIEDL, 43, has been Senior Vice President - Chief Investment
Officer since April 2006. Mr. Riedl was Senior Vice President - Chief Financial
Officer from August 2003 until assuming his current position. Mr. Riedl joined
the Company as Senior Vice President - Risk Management in January 2003.
Previously, Mr. Riedl was a Principal at Northwest Capital Appreciation ("NCA"),
a middle market private equity firm, from 2000 to 2002. For a year prior to
joining Northwest Capital, Mr. Riedl served as Senior Vice President for one of
NCA's portfolio companies, SLP Capital. Mr. Riedl was an investment banker for
ContiFinancial Services Corporation from 1995 until joining SLP Capital in 1999.

         CHRISTOPHER TERRY, 39, has been Senior Vice President - Servicing since
May 2005, and prior to that was Senior Vice President - Asset Recovery since
January 2003. He joined us in January 1995 as a loan officer, held a series of
successively more responsible positions, and was promoted to Vice President -
Asset Recovery in June 1999. Mr. Terry was previously a branch manager with
Norwest Financial from 1990 to October 1994.


                                       20
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND
         ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

         The Company's Common Stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market, under
the symbol "CPSS." The following table sets forth the high and low sale prices
as reported by Nasdaq for the Company's Common Stock for the periods shown.

                                                             HIGH         LOW
                                                           --------     --------
January 1 - March 31, 2005 ...........................       5.50         4.26
April 1 - June 30, 2005 ..............................       5.38         3.50
July 1 - September 30, 2005 ..........................       5.45         4.14
October 1 - December 31, 2005 ........................       6.50         4.82
January 1 - March 31, 2006 ...........................       8.50         5.30
April 1 - June 30, 2006 ..............................       8.84         6.04
July 1 - September 30, 2006 ..........................       7.53         5.08
October 1 - December 31, 2006 ........................       7.46         5.30

         As of February 5, 2007, there were 77 holders of record of the
Company's Common Stock. To date, the Company has not declared or paid any
dividends on its Common Stock. The payment of future dividends, if any, on the
Company's Common Stock is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and
will depend upon the Company's income, its capital requirements and financial
condition, and other relevant factors. The instruments governing the Company's
outstanding debt place certain restrictions on the payment of dividends. The
Company does not intend to declare any dividends on its Common Stock in the
foreseeable future, but instead intends to retain any cash flow for use in the
Company's operations.

         The table below presents information regarding outstanding options to
purchase the Company's Common Stock as of December 31, 2006:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Number of securities      Weighted average          Number of
                                             to be issued upon       exercise price of    securities remaining
                                           exercise of outstanding      outstanding       available for future
                                             options, warrants       options, warrants    issuance under equity
           Plan category                         and rights              and rights         compensation plans
- ------------------------------------------     ---------------         --------------        ---------------

<S>                                                  <C>               <C>                           <C>
Equity compensation plans
approved by security holders .............           5,352,199         $         4.11                624,261
Equity compensation plans not
approved by security holders .............                  --                     --                     --
                                               ---------------         --------------        ---------------
Total ....................................           5,352,199         $         4.11                624,261
                                               ===============         ==============        ===============


                                       21
<PAGE>

           ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES IN THE FOURTH QUARTER


                                                                        Total number of      Approximate dollar
                                       Total                          Shares Purchased as   Value of Shares that
                                     Number of           Average       Part of Publicly     May Yet be Purchased
                                       Shares          Price Paid     Announced Plans or     Under the Plans or
            Period(1)                Purchased          per Share        Programs(2)             Programs
- ------------------------------    ----------------     -----------     ----------------     -------------------

October 2006 ................              113,667     $      6.15              113,667     $         1,807,692
November 2006 ...............              152,028            7.12              152,028                 713,481
December 2006 ...............               74,300            6.64               74,300                 213,277
                                  ----------------     -----------     ----------------

Total .......................              339,995     $      6.69              339,995
                                  ================     ===========     ================

</TABLE>


(1) EACH MONTHLY PERIOD IS THE CALENDAR MONTH.
(2) OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS AUTHORIZED THE PURCHASE OF UP TO $5 MILLION OF
    OUR OUTSTANDING SECURITIES, WHICH PROGRAM WAS FIRST ANNOUNCED IN OUR ANNUAL
    REPORT FOR THE YEAR 2002, FILED ON MARCH 26, 2003. ALL PURCHASES DESCRIBED
    IN THE TABLE ABOVE WERE UNDER THE PLAN ANNOUNCED IN MARCH 2003, WHICH HAS NO
    FIXED EXPIRATION DATE. ON FEBRUARY 8, 2007, THE BOARD OF DIRECTOR'S
    AUTHORIZED THE PURCHASE OF AN ADDITIONAL $5 MILLION OF OUR SECURITIES,
    CONTINGENT UPON CONSENT FROM THE RELATED PARTY SENIOR SECURED LENDER.


ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         The following table presents our selected consolidated financial data
and operating data as of and for the dates indicated. The data under the
captions "Statement of Operations Data" and "Balance Sheet Data" have been
derived from our audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements. The
remainder is derived from other records of ours.

         You should read the selected consolidated financial data together with
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" and our audited and unaudited financial statements and notes thereto
that are included in this report.

                                       22
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           As of and
                                                                                 For the Year Ended December 31,
     (dollars in thousands, except per share data)             2006            2005           2004           2003           2002
                                                           -----------     -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                                                        <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Statement of Operations Data
Revenues:
     Interest income ...................................   $   263,566     $   171,834    $   105,818    $    58,164    $    48,644
     Servicing fees ....................................         2,894           6,647         12,480         17,058         14,621
     Net gain on sale of contracts .....................            --              --             --         10,421         21,518
     Other income ......................................        12,403          15,216         14,394         19,343         13,605
                                                           -----------     -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
          Total revenues ...............................       278,863         193,697        132,692        104,986         98,388
                                                           -----------     -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
Expenses:
     Employee costs ....................................        38,483          40,384         38,173         37,141         37,778
     General and administrative ........................        42,011          39,285         33,936         31,581         31,549
     Interest expense ..................................        93,112          51,669         32,147         23,861         23,925
     Provision for credit losses .......................        92,057          58,987         32,574         11,390             --
     Impairment loss on residual assets (1) ............            --              --         11,750          4,052          5,074
                                                           -----------     -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
          Total expenses ...............................       265,663         190,325        148,580        108,025         98,326
                                                           -----------     -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
Income (loss) before income tax benefit ................        13,200           3,372        (15,888)        (3,039)            62
Income tax benefit .....................................       (26,355)             --             --         (3,434)        (2,934)
Extraordinary item, unallocated negative goodwill ......            --              --             --             --         17,412
                                                           -----------     -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
Net income (loss) ......................................   $    39,555     $     3,372    $   (15,888)   $       395    $    20,408
                                                           ===========     ===========    ===========    ===========    ===========

Earnings (loss) per share before
     extraordinary item-basic ..........................   $      1.82     $      0.16    $     (0.75)   $      0.02    $      0.15
Earnings (loss) per share before
     extraordinary item-diluted ........................   $      1.64     $      0.14    $     (0.75)   $      0.02    $      0.14
Earnings (loss) per share-basic ........................   $      1.82     $      0.16    $     (0.75)   $      0.02    $      1.03
Earnings (loss) per share-diluted ......................   $      1.64     $      0.14    $     (0.75)   $      0.02    $      0.97
Pre-tax income (loss) per share-basic (2) ..............   $      0.61     $      0.16    $     (0.75)   $     (0.15)   $      0.00
Pre-tax income (loss) per share-diluted (3) ............   $      0.55     $      0.14    $     (0.75)   $     (0.14)   $      0.00
Weighted average shares outstanding-basic ..............        21,759          21,627         21,111         20,263         19,902
Weighted average shares outstanding-diluted ............        24,052          23,513         21,111         21,578         20,987

BALANCE SHEET DATA
Total assets ...........................................   $ 1,728,341     $ 1,155,144    $   766,599    $   492,470    $   285,448
Cash and cash equivalents ..............................        14,215          17,789         14,366         33,209         32,942
Restricted cash and equivalents ........................       193,001         157,662        125,113         67,277         18,912
Finance receivables, net ...............................     1,401,414         913,576        550,191        266,189         84,592
Residual interest in securitizations ...................        13,795          25,220         50,430        111,702        127,170
Warehouse lines of credit ..............................        72,950          35,350         34,279         33,709             --
Residual interest financing ............................        31,378          43,745         22,204             --             --
Securitization trust debt ..............................     1,442,995         924,026        542,815        245,118         71,630
Long-term debt .........................................        38,574          58,655         74,829        102,465        103,572
Shareholders' equity ...................................       111,512          73,589         69,920         82,160         82,574


                                       23
<PAGE>


                                                                                           As of and
                                                                                 For the Year Ended December 31,
     (dollars in thousands, except per share data)             2006            2005           2004           2003           2002
                                                           -----------     -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
CONTRACT PURCHASES/SECURITIZATIONS
Automobile contract purchases ..........................   $ 1,019,018     $   691,252    $   447,232    $   357,320    $   463,253
Automobile contract acquisitions (4) ...................            --              --         74,901        152,143        380,000
Automobile contracts securitized - structured
     as sales ..........................................            --              --             --        254,436        418,059
Automobile contracts securitized - structured
     as secured financings .............................       957,681         674,421        479,369        140,288             --

MANAGED PORTFOLIO DATA
Contracts held by consolidated subsidiaries ............   $ 1,527,285     $ 1,000,597    $   619,794    $   315,598    $   117,075
Contracts held by non-consolidated subsidiaries ........        34,850         103,130        233,621        425,534        478,136
SeaWest third party portfolio (5) ......................         3,770          18,018         53,463             --
                                                           -----------     -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------
Total managed portfolio ................................   $ 1,565,905     $ 1,121,745    $   906,878    $   741,132    $   595,211
Average managed portfolio ..............................     1,376,781         997,697        861,262        662,382        524,286

Weighted average fixed effective interest rate
     (total managed portfolio) (6) .....................          18.5%           18.6%          19.2%          19.7%          20.4%
Core operating expense
     (% of average managed portfolio) (7) ..............           5.8%            8.0%           8.4%          10.4%          13.2%
Allowance for loan losses ..............................   $    79,380     $    57,728    $    42,615    $    35,889    $    25,828
Allowance for loan losses (% of total contracts
     held by consolidated subsidiaries) ................           5.2%            5.8%           6.9%          11.4%          22.1%
Total delinquencies (6) (8) ............................           4.0%            3.8%           4.0%           4.7%           4.6%
Total delinquencies and repossessions (6) (8) ..........           5.5%            5.0%           5.6%           6.2%           6.4%
Net charge-offs (6) (9) ................................           4.5%            5.3%           7.8%           6.8%           8.6%
</TABLE>


(1)  THE IMPAIRMENT LOSS WAS RELATED TO OUR ANALYSIS AND ESTIMATE OF THE
     EXPECTED ULTIMATE PERFORMANCE OF OUR PREVIOUSLY SECURITIZED POOLS THAT WERE
     HELD BY OUR NON-CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES AND THE RESIDUAL INTEREST IN
     SECURITIZATIONS. THE IMPAIRMENT LOSS WAS A RESULT OF THE ACTUAL NET LOSS
     AND PREPAYMENT RATES EXCEEDING OUR PREVIOUS ESTIMATES FOR THE AUTOMOBILE
     CONTRACTS HELD BY OUR NON-CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES.
(2)  INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAX BENEFIT DIVIDED BY WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES
     OUTSTANDING-BASIC. INCLUDED FOR ILLUSTRATIVE PURPOSES BECAUSE SOME OF THE
     PERIODS PRESENTED INCLUDE SIGNIFICANT INCOME TAX BENEFITS WHILE OTHER
     PERIODS HAVE NEITHER INCOME TAX BENEFIT NOR EXPENSE.
(3)  INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAX BENEFIT DIVIDED BY WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES
     OUTSTANDING-DILUTED. INCLUDED FOR ILLUSTRATIVE PURPOSES BECAUSE SOME OF THE
     PERIODS PRESENTED INCLUDE SIGNIFICANT INCOME TAX BENEFITS WHILE OTHER
     PERIODS HAVE NEITHER INCOME TAX BENEFIT NOR EXPENSE.
(4)  REPRESENTS AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS NOT PURCHASED DIRECTLY FROM DEALERS, BUT
     ACQUIRED AS A RESULT OF OUR ACQUISITIONS OF MFN IN 2002, TFC IN 2003 AND OF
     CERTAIN ASSETS OF SEAWEST IN 2004.
(5)  RECEIVABLES RELATED TO THE SEAWEST THIRD PARTY PORTFOLIO, ON WHICH WE EARN
     ONLY A SERVICING FEE.
(6)  EXCLUDES RECEIVABLES RELATED TO THE SEAWEST THIRD PARTY PORTFOLIO.
(7)  TOTAL EXPENSES EXCLUDING PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES, INTEREST EXPENSE AND
     IMPAIRMENT LOSS ON RESIDUAL ASSETS.
(8)  FOR FURTHER INFORMATION REGARDING DELINQUENCIES AND THE MANAGED PORTFOLIO,
     SEE THE TABLE CAPTIONED "DELINQUENCY EXPERIENCE," IN ITEM 1, PART I OF THIS
     REPORT AND THE NOTES TO THAT TABLE.
(9)  NET CHARGE-OFFS INCLUDE THE REMAINING PRINCIPAL BALANCE, AFTER THE
     APPLICATION OF THE NET PROCEEDS FROM THE LIQUIDATION OF THE VEHICLE
     (EXCLUDING ACCRUED AND UNPAID INTEREST) AND AMOUNTS COLLECTED SUBSEQUENT TO
     THE DATE OF THE CHARGE-OFF, INCLUDING SOME RECOVERIES WHICH HAVE BEEN
     CLASSIFIED AS OTHER INCOME IN THE ACCOMPANYING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. FOR
     FURTHER INFORMATION REGARDING CHARGE-OFFS, SEE THE TABLE CAPTIONED "NET
     CHARGE-OFF EXPERIENCE," IN ITEM I, PART I OF THIS REPORT AND THE NOTES TO
     THAT TABLE.


                                       24
<PAGE>

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

         The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and other
information included or incorporated by reference herein.

OVERVIEW

         We are a specialty finance company engaged in purchasing and servicing
new and used retail automobile contracts originated primarily by franchised
automobile dealerships and to a lesser extent by select independent dealers of
used automobiles in the United States. We serve as an alternative source of
financing for dealers, facilitating sales to sub-prime customers, who have
limited credit history, low income or past credit problems and who otherwise
might not be able to obtain financing from traditional sources. We are
headquartered in Irvine, California and have three additional servicing branches
in Virginia, Florida and Illinois.

         On March 8, 2002, we acquired MFN Financial Corporation and its
subsidiaries in a merger. On May 20, 2003, we acquired TFC Enterprises, Inc. and
its subsidiaries in a second merger. Each merger was accounted for as a
purchase. MFN Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries and TFC Enterprises,
Inc. and its subsidiaries were engaged in businesses similar to ours: buying
automobile contracts from dealers and servicing those automobile contracts. MFN
Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries ceased acquiring automobile contracts
in May 2002; TFC continues to acquire automobile contracts under its "TFC
Programs," which provide financing exclusively for vehicle purchases by members
of the United States Armed Forces.

         On April 2, 2004, we purchased a portfolio of automobile contracts and
certain other assets from SeaWest Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries. In
addition, we were named the successor servicer of three term securitization
transactions originally sponsored by SeaWest. We do not offer financing programs
similar to those previously offered by SeaWest.

         From inception through June 2003, we generated revenue primarily from
the gains recognized on the sale or securitization of automobile contracts,
servicing fees earned on automobile contracts sold, interest earned on residuals
interests retained in securitizations, and interest earned on finance
receivables. Since July 2003, we have not recognized any gains from the sale of
automobile contracts. Instead, since July 2003 our revenues have been derived
from interest on finance receivables and, to a lesser extent, servicing fees and
interest earned on residual interests in securitizations.

SECURITIZATION AND WAREHOUSE CREDIT FACILITIES

GENERALLY

         Throughout the periods for which information is presented in this
report, we have purchased automobile contracts with the intention of financing
them on a long-term basis through securitizations, and on an interim basis
through our warehouse credit facilities. All such financings have involved
identification of specific automobile contracts, sale of those automobile
contracts (and associated rights) to one of our special-purpose subsidiaries,
and issuance of asset-backed securities to fund the transactions. Depending on
the structure, these transactions may be accounted for under generally accepted
accounting principles as sales of the automobile contracts or as secured
financings.

         When structured to be treated as a secured financing for accounting
purposes, the subsidiary is consolidated with us. Accordingly, the sold
automobile contracts and the related debt appear as assets and liabilities,
respectively, on our consolidated balance sheet. We then periodically: (i)
recognize interest and fee income on the contracts, (ii) recognize interest
expense on the securities issued in the transaction, and (iii) record as expense
a provision for credit losses on the contracts.

         When structured to be treated as a sale for accounting purposes, the
assets and liabilities of the special-purpose subsidiary are not consolidated
with us. Accordingly, the transaction removes the sold automobile contracts from
our consolidated balance sheet, the related debt does not appear as our debt,
and our consolidated balance sheet shows, as an asset, a retained residual
interest in the sold automobile contracts. The residual interest represents the
discounted value of what we expect will be the excess of future collections on
the automobile contracts over principal and interest due on the asset-backed
securities. That residual interest appears on our consolidated balance sheet as
"residual interest in securitizations," and the determination of its value is
dependent on our estimates of the future performance of the sold automobile
contracts.

                                       25
<PAGE>

CHANGE IN POLICY

         Beginning in the third quarter of 2003, we began to structure our
securitization transactions so that they would be treated for financial
accounting purposes as secured financings, rather than as sales. All subsequent
securitizations of automobile contracts have been so structured. Prior to the
third quarter of 2003, we had structured our securitization transactions to be
treated as sales of automobile contracts for financial accounting purposes. In
our acquisitions of MFN and TFC, we acquired automobile contracts that these
companies had previously securitized in securitization transactions that were
treated as secured financings for financial accounting purposes. As of December
31, 2006, our consolidated balance sheet included net finance receivables of
$1.9 million related to automobile contracts acquired in the two mergers, out of
totals of net finance receivables of $1,401.4 million.

CREDIT RISK RETAINED

         Whether a sale of automobile contracts in connection with a
securitization or warehouse credit facility is treated as a secured financing or
as a sale for financial accounting purposes, the related special-purpose
subsidiary may be unable to release excess cash to us if the credit performance
of the related automobile contracts falls short of pre-determined standards.
Such releases represent a material portion of the cash that we use to fund our
operations. An unexpected deterioration in the performance of such automobile
contracts could therefore have a material adverse effect on both our liquidity
and our results of operations, regardless of whether such automobile contracts
are treated for financial accounting purposes as having been sold or as having
been financed. For estimation of the magnitude of such risk, it may be
appropriate to look to the size of our "managed portfolio," which represents
both financed and sold automobile contracts as to which such credit risk is
retained. Our managed portfolio as of December 31, 2006 was approximately
$1,565.9 million (this amount includes $3.8 million of automobile contracts
securitized by SeaWest, on which we earn only servicing fees and have no credit
risk).

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         We believe that our accounting policies related to (a) Allowance for
Finance Credit Losses, (b) Residual Interest in Securitizations and Gain on Sale
of Automobile Contracts and (c) Income Taxes are the most critical to
understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. Such policies are
described below.

ALLOWANCE FOR FINANCE CREDIT LOSSES

         In order to estimate an appropriate allowance for losses to be incurred
on finance receivables, we use a loss allowance methodology commonly referred to
as "static pooling," which stratifies our finance receivable portfolio into
separately identified pools based on the period of origination. Using analytical
and formula driven techniques, we estimate an allowance for finance credit
losses, which we believe is adequate for probable credit losses that can be
reasonably estimated in our portfolio of automobile contracts. Provision for
losses is charged to our consolidated statement of operations. Net losses
incurred on finance receivables are charged to the allowance. We evaluate the
adequacy of the allowance by examining current delinquencies, the
characteristics of the portfolio, prospective liquidation values of the
underlying collateral and general economic and market conditions. As
circumstances change, our level of provisioning and/or allowance may change as
well.

RESIDUAL INTEREST IN SECURITIZATIONS AND GAIN ON SALE OF AUTOMOBILE CONTRACTS

         In transactions prior to the third quarter of 2003, we recognized gain
on sale on the disposition of automobile contracts either outright, in
securitization transactions, and in certain of our warehouse credit facilities.
In those securitization transactions and in the warehousing transactions that
were treated as sales for financial accounting purposes, we, or one of our
wholly-owned, consolidated subsidiaries, retain a residual interest in the
automobile contracts that were sold to a wholly-owned, unconsolidated special
purpose subsidiary.

         The line item "residual interest in securitizations" on our
consolidated balance sheet represents the residual interests in securitizations
completed prior to the third quarter of 2003. This line represents the
discounted sum of expected future cash flows from these securitization trusts.
Accordingly, the valuation of the residual interest is heavily dependent on
estimates of future performance of the automobile contracts included in the
securitizations.

         We structured all subsequent securitizations and warehouse credit
facilities as secured financings. The warehouse credit facilities are
accordingly reflected in the line items "Finance receivables" and "Warehouse
lines of credit" on our consolidated balance sheet, and the securitizations are
reflected in the line items "Finance receivables" and "Securitization trust
debt."

                                       26
<PAGE>

         The key economic assumptions used in measuring all residual interests
as of December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005 are included in the table below.
We have used an effective pre-tax discount rate of 14% per annum except for
certain collections from charged off receivables related to our securitizations
executed from 2001 through the second quarter of 2003. With respect to
collections from such charged off receivables, we have used a discount rate of
25% per annum.

                                              12/31/2006       12/31/2005
- ----------------------------------------    --------------   --------------
Prepayment Speed (Cumulative)...........     22.7% - 32.5%    22.2% - 35.8%
Net Credit Losses (Cumulative)..........     11.8% - 15.4%    11.9% - 20.2%

         Key economic assumptions and the sensitivity of the fair value of
residual cash flows to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in those
assumptions as of December 2006 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                                                         ---------------------
                                                                                 2006
                                                                         (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                      <C>
Carrying amount/fair value of residual interest in securitizations...    $          13,795
Weighted average life in years.......................................                1.49

Prepayment Speed Assumption (Cumulative).............................           22.7% - 32.5%
Estimated Fair value assuming 10% adverse change.....................    $          13,774
Estimated Fair value assuming 20% adverse change.....................               13,754

Expected Net Credit Losses (Cumulative)..............................           11.8% - 15.4%
Estimated Fair value assuming 10% adverse change.....................    $          13,661
Estimated Fair value assuming 20% adverse change.....................               13,539

Residual Cash Flows Discount Rate (Annual)...........................           14.0% - 25.0%
Estimated Fair value assuming 10% adverse change.....................    $          13,648
Estimated Fair value assuming 20% adverse change.....................               13,505
</TABLE>

         These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution.
As the figures indicate, changes in fair value based on 10% and 20% variation in
assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the
change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in
this table, the effect of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair
value of the retained interest is calculated without changing any other
assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another
(for example, increases in market rates may result in lower prepayments and
increased credit losses), which could magnify or counteract the sensitivities.

         Our residual interest is attributable to receivables originated and
securitized prior to the third quarter of 2003. Consequently, these receivables
are nearing the end of their contractual terms and, we believe, have already
incurred a substantial portion of the losses that they will likely incur in
total. Moreover, the terms of the securitizations provide us the option to
repurchase the underlying receivables from the trust and retire the related
bonds. Such repurchases are referred to as "clean-ups". When a clean-up takes
place, we purchase the underlying receivables and record them on our balance
sheet and remove that portion of the residual interest that is attributable to
the trust that is terminated when the related bonds are retired. We often
conduct such clean-ups as the terms of the securitizations permit including two
each in 2005 and 2006, and one since December 31, 2006. A portion of our
residual interest represents future cash flows from recoveries on charges offs
from clean-up securitizations and will remain on our balance sheet for some time
even after the clean-up of the final transaction until those particular cash
flows are realized.

         Our term securitization structure has generally been as follows:

         We sell automobile contracts we acquire to a wholly-owned special
purpose subsidiary, which has been established for the limited purpose of buying
and reselling our automobile contracts. The special-purpose subsidiary then
transfers the same automobile contracts to another entity, typically a statutory
trust. The trust issues interest-bearing asset-backed securities, in a principal
amount equal to or less than the aggregate principal balance of the automobile
contracts. We typically sell these automobile contracts to the trust at face
value and without recourse, except that representations and warranties similar
to those provided by the dealer to us are provided by us to the trust. One or
more investors purchase the asset-backed securities issued by the trust; the
proceeds from the sale of the asset-backed securities are then used to purchase
the automobile contracts from us. We may retain or sell subordinated


                                       27
<PAGE>

asset-backed securities issued by the trust or by a related entity. We purchase
external credit enhancement in the form of a financial guaranty insurance
policy, guaranteeing timely payment of interest and ultimate payment of
principal on the senior asset-backed securities, from an insurance company. In
addition, we structure our securitizations to include internal credit
enhancement for the benefit of the insurance company and the investors (i) in
the form of an initial cash deposit to an account ("spread account") held by the
trust, (ii) in the form of overcollateralization of the senior asset-backed
securities, where the principal balance of the senior asset-backed securities
issued is less than the principal balance of the automobile contracts, (iii) in
the form of subordinated asset-backed securities, or (iv) some combination of
such internal credit enhancements. The agreements governing the securitization
transactions require that the initial level of internal credit enhancement be
supplemented by a portion of collections from the automobile contracts until the
level of internal credit enhancement reaches specified levels, which are then
maintained. The specified levels are generally computed as a percentage of the
principal amount remaining unpaid under the related automobile contracts. The
specified levels at which the internal credit enhancement is to be maintained
will vary depending on the performance of the portfolios of automobile contracts
held by the trusts and on other conditions, and may also be varied by agreement
among us, our special purpose subsidiary, the insurance company and the trustee.
Such levels have increased and decreased from time to time based on performance
of the various portfolios, and have also varied from one transaction to another.
The agreements governing the securitizations generally grant us the option to
repurchase the sold automobile contracts from the trust when the aggregate
outstanding balance of the automobile contracts has amortized to a specified
percentage of the initial aggregate balance.

         The prior securitizations that were treated as sales for financial
accounting purposes differ from those treated as secured financings in that the
trust to which our special-purpose subsidiaries sold the automobile contracts
met the definition of a "qualified special-purpose entity" under Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 140 ("SFAS 140"). As a result, assets and
liabilities of those trusts are not consolidated into our consolidated balance
sheet.

         Our warehouse credit facility structures are similar to the above,
except that (i) our special-purpose subsidiaries that purchase the automobile
contracts pledge the automobile contracts to secure promissory notes that they
issue, (ii) no increase in the required amount of internal credit enhancement is
contemplated, and (iii) we do not purchase financial guaranty insurance. During
2006 the maximum advance under our warehouse lines increased from 80% to 83% of
the aggregate principal balance of eligible automobile contracts. In January
2007, one of our warehouse lines was further amended to provide for an advance
of up to 93% of the aggregate principal balance of eligible automobile
contracts. The other warehouse line was similarly amended in February 2007.

         Upon each sale of automobile contracts in a transaction structured as a
secured financing for financial accounting purposes, whether a term
securitization or a warehouse financing, we retain on our consolidated balance
sheet the related automobile contracts as assets and record the asset-backed
notes issued in the transaction as indebtedness.

         Under the prior securitizations and warehouse credit facilities
structured as sales for financial accounting purposes, we removed from our
consolidated balance sheet the automobile contracts sold and added to our
consolidated balance sheet (i) the cash received, if any, and (ii) the estimated
fair value of the ownership interest that we retained in the automobile
contracts sold in the transaction. That retained or residual interest consisted
of (a) the cash held in the spread account, if any, (b) overcollateralization,
if any, (c) subordinated asset-backed securities retained, if any, and (d)
receivables from the trust, which include the net interest receivables. Net
interest receivables represent the estimated discounted cash flows to be
received from the trust in the future, net of principal and interest payable
with respect to the asset-backed notes, the premium paid to the insurance
company, and certain other expenses. The excess of the cash received and the
assets we retained over the carrying value of the automobile contracts sold,
less transaction costs, equaled the net gain on sale of automobile contracts we
recorded. Until the maturity of these transactions, our consolidated balance
sheet will reflect both securitization transactions structured as sales and
others structured as secured financings.

         With respect to transactions structured as sales for financial
accounting purposes, we allocate our basis in the automobile contracts between
the asset-backed securities sold and the residual interests retained based on
the relative fair values of those portions on the date of the sale. We recognize
gains or losses attributable to the change in the fair value of the residual
interests, which are recorded at estimated fair value. We are not aware of an
active market for the purchase or sale of interests such as the residual
interests; accordingly, we determine the estimated fair value of the residual
interests by discounting the amount of anticipated cash flows that we estimate
will be released to us in the future (the cash out method), using a discount
rate that we believe is appropriate for the risks involved. The anticipated cash
flows include collections from both current and charged off receivables. We have
used an effective pre-tax discount rate of 14% per annum, except for certain
collections from charged off receivables related to our securitizations executed
from 2001 through the second quarter of 2003. With respect to collections from
such charged off receivables, we have used a discount rate of 25% per annum.

                                       28
<PAGE>

         We receive periodic base servicing fees for the servicing and
collection of the automobile contracts. (Under our current securitization
structure, such servicing fees are included in interest income from the
automobile contracts). In addition, we are entitled to the cash flows from the
trusts that represent collections on the automobile contracts in excess of the
amounts required to pay principal and interest on the asset-backed securities,
base servicing fees, and certain other fees and expenses (such as trustee and
custodial fees). Required principal payments on the notes are generally defined
as the payments sufficient to keep the principal balance of such notes equal to
the aggregate principal balance of the related automobile contracts (excluding
those automobile contracts that have been charged off), or a pre-determined
percentage of such balance. Where that percentage is less than 100%, the related
securitization agreements require accelerated payment of principal until the
principal balance of the asset-backed securities is reduced to the specified
percentage. Such accelerated principal payment is said to create
overcollateralization of the asset-backed notes.

         If the amount of cash required for payment of fees, expenses, interest
and principal exceeds the amount collected during the collection period, the
shortfall is withdrawn from the spread account, if any. If the cash collected
during the period exceeds the amount necessary for the above allocations, and
there is no shortfall in the related spread account or the required
overcollateralization level, the excess is released to us. If the spread account
and overcollateralization is not at the required level, then the excess cash
collected is retained in the trust until the specified level is achieved.
Although spread account balances are held by the trusts on behalf of our
special-purpose subsidiaries as the owner of the residual interests (in the case
of securitization transactions structured as sales for financial accounting
purposes) or the trusts (in the case of securitization transactions structured
as secured financings for financial accounting purposes), we are restricted in
use of the cash in the spread accounts. Cash held in the various spread accounts
is invested in high quality, liquid investment securities, as specified in the
securitization agreements. The interest rate payable on the automobile contracts
is significantly greater than the interest rate on the asset-backed notes. As a
result, the residual interests described above historically have been a
significant asset of ours. In determining the value of the residual interests,
we must estimate the future rates of prepayments, delinquencies, defaults,
default loss severity, and recovery rates, as all of these factors affect the
amount and timing of the estimated cash flows. We estimate prepayments by
evaluating historical prepayment performance of comparable automobile contracts.
We estimate recovery rates of previously charged off receivables using available
historical recovery data. We estimate defaults and default loss severity using
available historical loss data for comparable automobile contracts and the
specific characteristics of the automobile contracts we purchased. In valuing
the residuals as of December 31, 2006, we estimate that charge-offs as a
percentage of the original principal balance will approximate 15.5% to 19.4%
cumulatively over the lives of the related automobile contracts, with recovery
rates approximating 3.6% to 4.2% of the original principal balance and
prepayment estimates of approximately 22.7% to 32.5% cumulatively over the lives
of the related automobile contracts.

         For securitizations that were structured as a sale for financial
accounting purposes, we recognize interest income on the balance of the residual
interests. In addition, we would recognize as gain additional revenue from the
residual interests if the actual performance of the automobile contracts were
better than our estimate of the value of the residual interest. If the actual
performance of the automobile contracts were worse than our estimate, then a
downward adjustment to the carrying value of the residuals and a related
impairment charge would be required. In a securitization structured as a secured
financing for financial accounting purposes, interest income is recognized when
accrued under the terms of the related automobile contracts and, therefore,
presents less potential for fluctuations in performance when compared to the
approach used in a transaction structured as a sale for financial accounting
purposes.

         In all of our term securitizations and warehouse credit facilities,
whether treated as secured financings or as sales, we have sold the automobile
contracts (through a subsidiary) to the securitization entity. The difference
between the two structures is that in securitizations that are treated as
secured financings we report the assets and liabilities of the securitization
trust on our consolidated balance sheet. Under both structures, recourse to us
by holders of the asset-backed securities and by the trust, for failure of the
automobile contract obligors to make payments on a timely basis, is limited to
the automobile contracts included in the securitizations or warehouse credit
facilities, the spread accounts and our retained interests in the respective
trusts.

                                       29
<PAGE>

INCOME TAXES

         We and our subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax return
and combined or stand-alone state franchise tax returns for certain states. We
utilize the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, under
which deferred income taxes are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to the differences between the financial statement values of
existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. We measure
deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to
taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to
be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

         As part of the both the MFN Merger and the TFC Merger, we acquired
certain net operating losses and built-in loss assets. During each period since
the MFN Merger through the third quarter of 2006, we have identified the types
and amounts of temporary differences and the nature and amount of each type of
operating loss and tax credit carryforward as well as the length of the
carryforward period. Moreover, we considered various positive and negative
evidence to ascertain, based on the weight of that evidence, if a valuation
allowance against the certain components of deferred tax assets was appropriate.
Through the third quarter of 2006, based on our analysis of both positive and
negative evidence pertaining to the realization of deferred tax assets, we had
determined that it was not more than likely that a significant amount of the
deferred tax assets would be realized in the future. As a result, we maintained
a significant valuation allowance against those available deferred tax assets.

         However, as of December 31, 2006 our review of both positive and
negative evidence pertaining to the realization of deferred tax assets suggests
to us that it is now more than likely that we will realize a substantial portion
of deferred tax assets. A significant portion of the deferred tax assets is
attributable to the mergers and is limited as to the annual amount and the
number of future periods that it can be realized. Consequently, we considered
our history of cumulative taxable income since our inception in the evaluation
of positive and negative evidence. Other significant components of our deferred
tax asset are not limited as to their annual amount and timeframe for
realization as they have resulted from our recent history of taxable income
substantially in excess of our net income. As a result, we have released that
portion of the valuation allowance that represents the portion of deferred tax
assets that we believe are more likely than not to be realized. We continue to
maintain a valuation allowance against that portion of the deferred tax asset
whose utilization in future periods is not more than likely.

         In determining the possible realization of deferred tax assets, we
consider future taxable income from future operations exclusive of reversing
temporary differences and tax planning strategies that, if necessary, would be
implemented to accelerate taxable income into periods in which net operating
losses might otherwise expire.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

EFFECTS OF CHANGE IN SECURITIZATION STRUCTURE

         Our decision in the third quarter of 2003 to structure securitization
transactions as secured financings for financial accounting purposes, rather
than as sales, has affected and will affect the way in which the transactions
are reported. The major effects are these: (i) the automobile contracts are
shown as assets on our balance sheet; (ii) the debt issued in the transactions
is shown as indebtedness; (iii) cash deposited in the spread accounts to enhance
the credit of the securitization transactions is shown as "Restricted cash" on
our balance sheet; (iv) cash collected from automobile purchasers and other
sources related to the automobile contracts prior to making the required
payments under the securitization agreements is also shown as "Restricted cash"
on our balance sheet; (v) the servicing fee that we receive in connection with
such contracts is recorded as a portion of the interest earned on such contracts
in our statements of operations; (vi) we have initially and periodically
recorded as expense a provision for estimated credit losses on the contracts in
our statements of operations; and (vii) portions of scheduled payments on the
contracts and on the debt issued in the transactions representing interest are
recorded as interest income and expense, respectively, in our statements of
operations.

         These changes collectively represent a deferral of revenue and
acceleration of expenses, and thus a more conservative approach to accounting
for our operations compared to the previous securitization transactions, which
were accounted for as sales at the consummation of the transaction. As a result
of the changes, we initially reported lower earnings than we would have reported
if we had continued to structure our transactions to require recognition of gain
on sale. It should also be noted that growth in our portfolio of receivables
resulted in an increase in expenses in the form of provision for credit losses,
and initially had a negative effect on net earnings. Our cash availability and
cash requirements should be unaffected by the change in structure.

                                       30
<PAGE>

         Since the third quarter of 2003, we have conducted 18 term
securitizations. Of these 18, 14 were quarterly securitizations of automobile
contracts that we purchased from automobile dealers under our regular programs.
In addition, in March 2004 and November 2005, we completed securitizations of
our retained interests in other securitizations that we and our affiliates
previously sponsored. The debt from the March 2004 transaction was repaid in
August 2005. Also, in June 2004, we completed a securitization of automobile
contracts purchased in the SeaWest asset acquisition and under our TFC programs.
Further, in December 2005, we completed a securitization that included
automobile contracts purchased under the TFC programs, automobile contracts
purchased under the CPS programs and automobile contracts we repurchased upon
termination of prior securitizations of our MFN and TFC subsidiaries. All such
securitizations since the third quarter of 2003 have been structured as secured
financings.

COMPARISON OF OPERATING RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006 WITH THE
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2005

         REVENUES. During the year ended December 31, 2006, revenues were $278.9
million, an increase of $85.2 million, or 44.0%, from the prior year revenue of
$193.7 million. The primary reason for the increase in revenues is an increase
in interest income. Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2006
increased $91.7 million, or 53.4%, to $263.6 million from $171.8 million in the
prior year. The primary reason for the increase in interest income is the
increase in finance receivables held by consolidated subsidiaries (resulting in
an increase of $102.4 million in interest income). This increase was partially
offset by the decline in the balance of the portfolios of automobile contracts
we acquired in the MFN, TFC and SeaWest transactions (in the aggregate,
resulting in a decrease of $10.9 million in interest income). In addition,
interest income on our residual asset increased by $318,000.

         Servicing fees totaling $2.9 million in the year ended December 31,
2006 decreased $3.8 million, or 56.5%, from $6.6 million in the prior year. The
decrease in servicing fees is the result of the change in securitization
structure and the consequent decline in our managed portfolio held by
non-consolidated subsidiaries. As a result of the decision to structure future
securitizations as secured financings, our managed portfolio held by
non-consolidated subsidiaries will continue to decline in future periods, and
servicing fee revenue is anticipated to decline proportionately. As of December
31, 2006 and 2005, our managed portfolio owned by consolidated vs.
non-consolidated subsidiaries and other third parties was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 December 31, 2006     December 31, 2005
                                                -------------------   -------------------
                                                  Amount       %        Amount        %
                                                ----------   ------   ----------   ------
Total Managed Portfolio                                      ($ in millions)
<S>                                             <C>          <C>      <C>          <C>
Owned by Consolidated Subsidiaries ..........   $  1,527.3    97.5%   $  1,000.6    89.2%
Owned by Non-Consolidated Subsidiaries ......         34.8     2.2%        103.1     9.2%
SeaWest Third Party Portfolio ...............          3.8     0.2%         18.0     1.6%
                                                ----------   ------   ----------   ------

Total .......................................   $  1,565.9   100.0%   $  1,121.7   100.0%
                                                ==========   ======   ==========   ======

         At December 31, 2006, we were generating income and fees on a managed
portfolio with an outstanding principal balance of $1,565.9 million (this amount
includes $3.8 million of automobile contracts securitized by SeaWest, on which
we earn only servicing fees), compared to a managed portfolio with an
outstanding principal balance of $1,121.7 million as of December 31, 2005. As
the portfolios of automobile contracts acquired in the MFN Merger, TFC Merger,
and SeaWest transaction decrease, the portfolio of automobile contracts that we
purchased directly from automobile dealers continues to expand. At December 31,
2006 and 2005, the managed portfolio composition was as follows:


                                                 December 31, 2006     December 31, 2005
                                                -------------------   -------------------
                                                  Amount       %        Amount        %
                                                ----------   ------   ----------   ------
Originating Entity                                           ($ in millions)
CPS .........................................   $  1,496.5    95.6%   $  1,017.3    90.7%
TFC .........................................         60.9     3.9%         68.6     6.1%
MFN .........................................          0.2     0.0%          2.5     0.2%
SeaWest .....................................          4.5     0.3%         15.3     1.4%
SeaWest Third Party Portfolio ...............          3.8     0.2%         18.0     1.6%
                                                ----------   ------   ----------   ------

Total .......................................   $  1,565.9   100.0%   $  1,121.7   100.0%
                                                ==========   ======   ==========   ======
</TABLE>

                                       31
<PAGE>

         Other income decreased $2.8 million, or 18.5%, to $12.4 million in the
year ended December 31, 2006 from $15.2 million during the prior year. The year
over year decrease is the result of a variety of factors. Current year other
income includes $1.2 million resulting from an increase in the carrying value of
our residual interest in securitizations. The carrying value was increased
primarily as a result of the underlying receivables having incurred fewer losses
than we had previously estimated. The prior year period included proceeds of
$2.4 million from the sale of certain charged off receivables acquired in the
MFN, TFC and SeaWest acquisitions. In addition, we experienced decreases in
recoveries on MFN and certain other automobile contracts (a decrease of
$638,000) compared to the same prior year and decreased revenue on our direct
mail services (a decrease of $752,000). These direct mail services are provided
to our dealers and consist of customized solicitations targeted to prospective
vehicle purchasers, in proximity to the dealer, who appear to meet our credit
criteria. We also experienced increases in convenience fees charged to obligors
for certain transaction types (an increase of $690,000).

         EXPENSES. Our operating expenses consist primarily of provisions for
credit losses, interest expense, employee costs and general and administrative
expenses. Provisions for credit losses and interest expense are significantly
affected by the volume of automobile contracts we purchased during a period and
by the outstanding balance of finance receivables held by consolidated
subsidiaries. Employee costs and general and administrative expenses are
incurred as applications and automobile contracts are received, processed and
serviced. Factors that affect margins and net income include changes in the
automobile and automobile finance market environments, and macroeconomic factors
such as interest rates and the unemployment level.

         Employee costs include base salaries, commissions and bonuses paid to
employees, and certain expenses related to the accounting treatment of
outstanding warrants and stock options, and are one of our most significant
operating expenses. These costs (other than those relating to stock options)
generally fluctuate with the level of applications and automobile contracts
processed and serviced.

         Other operating expenses consist primarily of facilities expenses,
telephone and other communication services, credit services, computer services,
marketing and advertising expenses, and depreciation and amortization.

         Total operating expenses were $265.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2006, compared to $190.3 million for the prior year, an increase of
$75.3 million, or 39.6%. The increase is primarily due to increases in provision
for credit losses and interest expense, which increased by $33.1 million and
$41.4 million, or 56.1% and 80.2%, respectively. Both interest expense and
provision for credit losses are directly affected by the growth in our portfolio
of automobile contracts held by consolidated affiliates.

         Employee costs decreased slightly to $38.5 million during the year
ended December 31, 2006, representing 14.5% of total operating expenses, from
$40.4 million for the prior year, or 21.2% of total operating expenses. During
the year ended December 31, 2006, we deferred $2.9 million of direct employee
costs associated with the purchase of automobile contracts in the period, in
accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 91, Accounting
for Nonrefundable Fees and Costs Associated with Originating or Acquiring Loans
and Initial Direct Costs of Leases (SFAS 91). Prior to 2006, we have not
deferred and amortized such costs as our analyses indicated that the effect of
such deferral and amortization would not have been material. However, due to
continued increases in volumes of automobile contract purchases and refinements
in our methodology to measure direct costs associated with automobile contract
purchases, our estimate of direct costs has increased, resulting in the need to
defer such costs and amortize them over the lives of the related automobile
contracts as an adjustment to the yield in accordance with SFAS 91. The decrease
as a percentage of total operating expenses reflects the higher total of
operating expenses, primarily a result of the increased provision for credit
losses and interest expense.

         General and administrative expenses increased slightly to $23.2 million
and represented 8.7% of total operating expenses in the year ending December 31,
2006, as compared to the prior year when general and administrative expenses
represented 12.1% of total operating expenses. The decrease as a percentage of
total operating expenses reflects the higher operating expenses primarily a
result of the provision for credit losses and interest expense.

         Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2006 increased $41.4
million, or 80.2%, to $93.1 million, compared to $51.7 million in the previous
year. The increase is primarily the result of changes in the amount and
composition of securitization trust debt carried on our consolidated balance
sheet. Interest on securitization trust debt increased by $40.5 million in 2006
compared to the prior year. We also experienced increases in warehouse interest
expense and residual interest financing interest expenses of $2.7 million and
$2.7 million, respectively. A portion of the increase in interest expense can
also be attributed to a gradual increase in market interest rates during 2006.
Increases in interest expense for securitization trust debt, warehouse and
residual interest financing were somewhat offset by a decrease of $4.5 million
in interest expense for subordinated debt.

                                       32
<PAGE>

         Marketing expenses consist primarily of commission-based compensation
paid to our employee marketing representatives and increased by $2.0 million, or
16.9%, to $14.0 million, compared to $12.0 million in the previous year and
represented 5.3% of total operating expenses. The increase is primarily due to
the increase in automobile contracts we purchased during the year ended December
31, 2006 as compared to the prior year. During the year ended December 31, 2006,
we purchased 66,504 automobile contracts aggregating $1,019.0 million, compared
to 46,666 automobile contracts aggregating $691.3 million in the prior year.

         Occupancy expenses increased by $583,000 or 17.1%, to $4.0 million
compared to $3.4 million in the previous year and represented 1.5% of total
operating expenses.

         Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by $10,000, or 1.3%,
to $800,000 from $790,000 in the previous year.

         During the year ended December 31, 2006, we recorded an income tax
benefit of $41.8 million related to the reversal of a portion of the valuation
allowance against deferred tax assets, offset by current income tax paid or
currently payable of $20.2 million, less $4.8 million in deferred tax benefit.
As of December 31, 2006, we had remaining deferred tax assets of $64.1 million,
partially offset by a valuation allowance of $9.4 million related to federal and
state net operating losses and other timing differences, leaving a net deferred
tax asset of $54.7 million.

COMPARISON OF OPERATING RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2005 WITH THE
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004

         REVENUES. During the year ended December 31, 2005, revenues were $193.7
million, an increase of $61.0 million, or 46.0%, from the prior year revenue of
$132.7 million. The primary reason for the increase in revenues is an increase
in interest income. Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2005
increased $66.0 million, or 62.4%, to $171.8 million in 2005 from $105.8 million
in 2004. The primary reason for the increase in interest income is the growth of
the finance receivables held by consolidated subsidiaries on our balance sheet.
During 2005, we purchased $691.3 million of automobile contracts and increased
our balance of receivables held by consolidated subsidiaries to $1,000.6 million
at December 31, 2005 from $619.8 million at December 31, 2004, an increase of
61.4%. Offsetting the increase in interest income were decreases in the balance
of receivables acquired in the MFN, TFC and SeaWest transactions, which resulted
in decreases in interest income of $1.8 million, $2.0 million and $2.6 million,
respectively.

         Servicing fees totaling $6.6 million in the year ended December 31,
2005 decreased $5.8 million, or 46.7%, from $12.5 million in the same period a
year earlier. The decrease in servicing fees is the result of the change in
securitization structure and the consequent decline in our managed portfolio
held by non-consolidated subsidiaries, and the decrease in the balance of
automobile contracts originated by SeaWest for which we receive only servicing
fees. As a result of the decision to structure future securitizations as secured
financings, our managed portfolio held by non-consolidated subsidiaries will
continue to decline in future periods, and servicing fee revenue is anticipated
to decline proportionately. As of December 31, 2005 and 2004, our managed
portfolio owned by consolidated vs. non-consolidated subsidiaries and other
third parties was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 December 31, 2005  December 31, 2004
                                                ------------------  ----------------
                                                 Amount        %     Amount      %
                                                --------     -----  --------   -----
Total Managed Portfolio                                      ($ in millions)
<S>                                             <C>          <C>    <C>        <C>
Owned by Consolidated Subsidiaries ..........   $  1,000.6    89.2% $  619.8    68.3%
Owned by Non-Consolidated Subsidiaries ......        103.1     9.2%    233.6    25.8%
SeaWest Third Party Portfolio ...............         18.0     1.6%     53.5     5.9%
                                                ----------   -----  --------   -----

Total .......................................   $  1,121.7   100.0% $  906.9   100.0%
                                                ==========   =====  ========   =====

                                       33
<PAGE>

         At December 31, 2005, we were generating income and fees on a managed
portfolio with an outstanding principal balance of $1,121.7 million (this amount
includes $18.0 million of automobile contracts securitized by SeaWest, on which
we earn only servicing fees), compared to a managed portfolio with an
outstanding principal balance of $906.9 million as of December 31, 2004. As the
portfolios of automobile contracts acquired in the MFN, TFC and SeaWest
transactions decrease, the portfolio of automobile contracts that we purchased
directly from automobile dealers continues to expand. At December 31, 2005 and
2004, the managed portfolio composition was as follows:

                                                 December 31, 2005  December 31, 2004
                                                ------------------  ----------------
                                                 Amount        %     Amount      %
                                                ----------   -----  --------   -----
Originating Entity                                           ($ in millions)
CPS .........................................   $  1,017.3    90.7% $  706.8    77.9%
TFC .........................................         68.6     6.1%     89.4     9.9%
MFN .........................................          2.5     0.2%     17.8     2.0%
SeaWest .....................................         15.3     1.4%     39.4     4.3%
SeaWest Third Party Portfolio ...............         18.0     1.6%     53.5     5.9%
                                                ----------   -----  --------   -----

Total .......................................   $  1,121.7   100.0% $  906.9   100.0%
                                                ==========   =====  ========   =====
</TABLE>


         Other income increased $822,000, or 5.7%, to $15.2 million during 2005
from $14.4 million in 2004. During 2005, other income included $2.4 million from
the sale of charged off receivables acquired in the MFN, TFC, and SeaWest
transactions, compared to no such proceeds in 2004. Recoveries on MFN
receivables decreased by $3.1 million to $4.9 million in 2005, compared to $8.0
million in 2004. Other income associated with direct mail services increased by
$765,000 to $4.5 million in 2005, compared to $3.8 million in 2004. These direct
mail services are provided to our dealers and represent direct mail products
which consist of customized solicitations targeted to prospective vehicle
purchasers, in proximity to the dealer, who are likely to meet our credit
criteria.

         EXPENSES. Total operating expenses were $190.3 million for 2005,
compared to $148.6 million for 2004. The increase is primarily due to a $26.4
million increase, or 81.1% in the provision for credit losses to $59.0 million
during the 2005 period as compared to $32.6 million in the 2004 period. Interest
expense increased by $19.5 million to $51.7 million from $32.1 million in 2004,
an increase of 60.7%. The increase is primarily the result of the amount of
securitization trust debt carried on our consolidated balance sheet, which
increased along with the growth of our portfolio of finance receivables. The
increase was somewhat offset by the decrease in securitization trust debt
acquired in the MFN and TFC transactions. For 2005, the provision for credit
losses and interest expense represented 31.0% and 27.1%, respectively, of total
operating expenses, compared to 21.9% and 21.6% in 2004.

         Employee costs increased to $40.4 million, or 5.8% during 2005,
representing 21.2% of total operating expenses, from $38.2 million for 2004, or
25.7% of total operating expenses. The decrease as a percentage of total
operating expenses reflects the higher total of operating expenses, primarily a
result of the increased provision for credit losses and interest expense.

         General and administrative expenses increased slightly to $23.1
million, or 12.1% of total operating expenses, in 2005, as compared to $21.3
million, or 14.3% of total operating expenses, in 2004. The decrease as a
percentage of total operating expenses reflects the higher operating expenses
primarily a result of the increased provision for credit losses and interest
expense. During the year ended December 31, 2005, we recognized what we believe
will be a one-time, non-cash impairment charge of $1.9 million against certain
assets other than finance receivables.

         In December 2005, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
approved accelerated vesting of all the outstanding stock options we issued.
Options to purchase 2,113,998 shares of our common stock, which would otherwise
have vested from time to time through 2010, became immediately exercisable as a
result of the acceleration of vesting. The decision to accelerate the vesting of
the options was made primarily to reduce non-cash compensation expenses that
would have been recorded in our income statement in future periods upon the
adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 123R, Share-Based
Payment, in January 2006. We estimate that approximately $3.5 million of future
non-cash compensation expense was eliminated as a result of the acceleration of
vesting.

         At the time of the acceleration of vesting, we accounted for our stock
options in accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees. Consequently, the acceleration of
vesting resulted in non-cash compensation charge of $427,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2005.

                                       34
<PAGE>

         For 2005, we recognized no impairment loss on our residual interest in
securitizations compared to $11.8 million in 2004. In 2004, such impairment loss
related to our analysis and estimate of the expected ultimate performance of our
previously securitized pools that are held by non-consolidated subsidiaries and
the residual interest in securitizations. The impairment loss was a result of
the actual net loss and prepayment rates exceeding our previous estimates for
the automobile contracts held by non-consolidated subsidiaries.

         Marketing expenses increased by $3.7 million, or 43.9%, to $12.0
million, compared to $8.3 million in the same period of the previous year and
represented 6.3% of total operating expenses. The increase is primarily due to
the increase in automobile contracts we purchased during the year ended December
31, 2005.

         Occupancy expenses decreased by $120,000, or 3.4%, to $3.4 million,
compared to $3.5 million in the same period of the previous year and represented
1.8% of total operating expenses. The decrease is primarily due to the closure
and sub-leasing during 2005 of certain facilities acquired in the MFN and TFC
transactions.

         Depreciation and amortization expenses remained essentially unchanged
at $790,000 for 2005, compared to $785,000 for 2004, and represented 0.4% of
total operating expenses.

         We would have recorded income tax expense of $1.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2005, but the income tax expense was offset primarily by a
$1.4 million decrease in the valuation allowance that we had established to
offset our deferred tax assets.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

LIQUIDITY

         Our business requires substantial cash to support purchases of
automobile contracts and other operating activities. Our primary sources of cash
have been cash flows from operating activities, including proceeds from sales of
automobile contracts, amounts borrowed under our warehouse credit facilities,
servicing fees on portfolios of automobile contracts previously sold in
securitization transactions or serviced for third parties, customer payments of
principal and interest on finance receivables, fees for origination of
automobile contracts, and releases of cash from securitized portfolios of
automobile contracts in which we have retained a residual ownership interest and
from the spread accounts associated with such pools. Our primary uses of cash
have been the purchases of automobile contracts, repayment of amounts borrowed
under warehouse credit facilities and otherwise, operating expenses such as
employee, interest, occupancy expenses and other general and administrative
expenses, the establishment of spread accounts and initial
overcollateralization, if any, and the increase of credit enhancement to
required levels in securitization transactions, and income taxes. There can be
no assurance that internally generated cash will be sufficient to meet our cash
demands. The sufficiency of internally generated cash will depend on the
performance of securitized pools (which determines the level of releases from
those portfolios and their related spread accounts), the rate of expansion or
contraction in our managed portfolio, and the terms upon which we are able to
purchase, sell, and borrow against automobile contracts.

         Net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December
31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $57.1 million, $36.7 million and $10.0 million,
respectively. Cash from operating activities is generally provided by net income
from our operations. The increase in 2006 vs. 2005, and 2005 vs. 2004, is due in
part to our increased net earnings before the significant increase in the
provision for credit losses.

         Net cash used in investing activities for the years ended December 31,
2006, 2005 and 2004, was $568.4 million, $411.7 million, and $314.1 million,
respectively. Cash used in investing activities generally relates to purchases
of automobile contracts. Purchases of finance receivables held for investment
were $1,019.0 million, $691.3 million and $506.0 million in 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively.

         Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December
31, 2006, was $507.7 million compared with $378.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2005 and $285.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2004. Cash
used or provided by financing activities is primarily attributable to the
issuance or repayment of debt. We issued $1,003.6 million of securitization
trust debt in 2006 as compared to $662.4 million in 2005 and $474.7 million in
2004.

         We purchase automobile contracts from dealers for a cash price
approximating their principal amount, adjusted for an acquisition fee which may
either increase or decrease the automobile contract purchase price. Those
automobile contracts generate cash flow, however, over a period of years. As a
result, we have been dependent on warehouse credit facilities to purchase
automobile contracts, and on the availability of cash from outside sources in
order to finance our continuing operations, as well as to fund the portion of


                                       35
<PAGE>

automobile contract purchase prices not financed under revolving warehouse
credit facilities. As of December 31, 2006, we had $400 million in warehouse
credit capacity, in the form of two $200 million facilities. One $200 million
facility provides funding for automobile contracts purchased under the TFC
Programs while both warehouse facilities provide funding for automobile
contracts purchased under the CPS Programs. On June 29, 2005, we terminated a
third facility in the amount of $125 million, which we had utilized to fund
automobile contracts under the CPS and TFC Programs.

         The first of two warehouse facilities mentioned above is structured to
allow us to fund a portion of the purchase price of automobile contracts by
drawing against a floating rate variable funding note issued by our consolidated
subsidiary Page Three Funding, LLC. This facility was established on November
15, 2005, and expires on November 14, 2007, although it is renewable with the
mutual agreement of the parties. On November 8, 2006 the facility was increased
from $150 million to $200 million and the advance was increased to 83% from 80%
of eligible contracts, subject to collateral tests and certain other conditions
and covenants. Notes under this facility accrue interest at a rate of one-month
LIBOR plus 2.00% per annum. At December 31, 2006, $45.2 million was outstanding
under this facility.

         The second of two warehouse facilities is similarly structured to allow
us to fund a portion of the purchase price of automobile contracts by drawing
against a floating rate variable funding note issued by our consolidated
subsidiary Page Funding LLC. This facility was entered into on June 30, 2004. On
June 29, 2005 the facility was increased from $100 million to $125 million and
further amended to provide for funding for automobile contracts purchased under
the TFC programs, in addition to our CPS programs. The available credit under
the facility was increased again to $200 million on August 31, 2005. In April
2006, the terms of this facility were amended to allow advances to us of up to
80% of the principal balance of automobile contracts that we purchase under our
CPS programs, and of up to 70% of the principal balance of automobile contracts
that we purchase under our TFC programs, in all events subject to collateral
tests and certain other conditions and covenants. On June 30, 2006, the terms of
this facility were amended to allow advances to us of up to 83% of the principal
balance of automobile contracts that we purchase under our CPS programs, in all
events subject to collateral tests and certain other conditions and covenants.
Notes under this facility accrue interest at a rate of one-month LIBOR plus
2.00% per annum. The lender has annual termination options at its sole
discretion on each June 30 through 2007, at which time the agreement expires. At
December 31, 2006, $27.8 million was outstanding under this facility.

         The balance outstanding under these warehouse facilities generally will
increase as we purchase additional automobile contracts, until we effect a
securitization utilizing automobile contracts warehoused in the facilities, at
which time the balance outstanding will decrease.

         We securitized $957.7 million of automobile contracts in four private
placement transactions during the year ended December 31, 2006, as compared to
$674.4 million of automobile contracts in five private placement transactions
during the year ended December 31, 2005. All of these transactions were
structured as secured financings and, therefore, resulted in no gain on sale. In
March 2004, one of our wholly-owned bankruptcy remote consolidated subsidiaries
issued $44.0 million of asset-backed notes secured by its retained interest in
eight term securitization transactions. The notes had an interest rate of 10.0%
per annum and a final maturity in October 2009 and were required to be repaid
from the distributions on the underlying retained interests. In connection with
the issuance of the notes, we incurred and capitalized issuance costs of $1.3
million. We repaid the notes in full in August 2005. In November 2005, we
completed a similar securitization whereby a wholly-owned bankruptcy remote
consolidated subsidiary of ours issued $45.8 million of asset-backed notes
secured by its retained interest in 10 term securitization transactions. These
notes, which bear interest at a blended interest rate of 8.70% per annum and
have a final maturity in July 2011, are required to be repaid from the
distributions on the underlying residual interests. In connection with the
issuance of the notes, we incurred and capitalized issuance costs of $915,000.

         In December 2006 we entered into a $35 million residual credit facility
that is secured by our retained interests in more recent term securitizations.
This facility, which bears interest at LIBOR plus 6.125%, allows for new
borrowings over a two-year period and then amortizes over a five-year period. At
December 31, 2006, there was $12.2 million outstanding under this facility and
was secured by our retained interests in six term securitization transactions.

         Cash released from trusts and their related spread accounts to us
related to the portfolio owned by consolidated subsidiaries for the years ended
December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $16.5 million, $23.1 million and $21.4
million, respectively. Changes in the amount of credit enhancement required for
term securitization transactions and releases from trusts and their related
spread accounts are affected by the structure of the credit enhancement and the
relative size, seasoning and performance of the various pools of automobile
contracts securitized that make up our managed portfolio to which the respective
spread accounts are related. The trend in our recent securitizations has been
towards credit enhancements that require a lower proportion of spread account
cash and a greater proportion of over-collateralization. This trend has led to
somewhat lower levels of restricted cash and releases from trusts relative to
the size of our managed portfolio.

                                       36
<PAGE>

         The acquisition of automobile contracts for subsequent sale in
securitization transactions, and the need to fund spread accounts and initial
overcollateralization, if any, and increase credit enhancement levels when those
transactions take place, results in a continuing need for capital. The amount of
capital required is most heavily dependent on the rate of our automobile
contract purchases, the required level of initial credit enhancement in
securitizations, and the extent to which the previously established trusts and
their related spread accounts either release cash to us or capture cash from
collections on securitized automobile contracts. We may be limited in our
ability to purchase automobile contracts due to limits on our capital. As of
December 31, 2006, we had unrestricted cash on hand of $14.2 million and
available capacity from our warehouse credit facilities of $327.0 million.
Warehouse capacity is subject to the availability of suitable automobile
contracts to serve as collateral and of sufficient cash to fund the portion of
such automobile contracts purchase price not advanced under the warehouse
facilities. Our plans to manage the need for liquidity include the completion of
additional securitizations that would provide additional credit availability
from the warehouse credit facilities, and matching our levels of automobile
contract purchases to our availability of cash. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to complete securitizations on favorable economic terms or that
we will be able to complete securitizations at all. If we are unable to complete
such securitizations, we may be unable to purchase automobile contracts and
interest income and other portfolio related income would decrease.

         Our primary means of ensuring that our cash demands do not exceed our
cash resources is to match our levels of automobile contract purchases to our
availability of cash. Our ability to adjust the quantity of automobile contracts
that we purchase and securitize will be subject to general competitive
conditions and the continued availability of warehouse credit facilities. There
can be no assurance that the desired level of automobile contract purchases can
be maintained or increased. While the specific terms and mechanics of each
spread account vary among transactions, our securitization agreements generally
provide that we will receive excess cash flows only if the amount of credit
enhancement has reached specified levels and/or the delinquency, defaults or net
losses related to the automobile contracts in the pool are below certain
predetermined levels. In the event delinquencies, defaults or net losses on the
automobile contracts exceed such levels, the terms of the securitization: (i)
may require increased credit enhancement to be accumulated for the particular
pool; (ii) may restrict the distribution to us of excess cash flows associated
with other pools; or (iii) in certain circumstances, may permit the insurers to
require the transfer of servicing on some or all of the automobile contracts to
another servicer. There can be no assurance that collections from the related
trusts will continue to generate sufficient cash.

         Certain of our securitization transactions and the warehouse credit
facilities contain various financial covenants requiring certain minimum
financial ratios and results. Such covenants include maintaining minimum levels
of liquidity and net worth and not exceeding maximum leverage levels and maximum
financial losses. In addition, certain securitization and non-securitization
related debt contain cross-default provisions that would allow certain creditors
to declare a default if a default occurred under a different facility.

         The agreements under which we receive periodic fees for servicing
automobile contracts in securitizations are terminable by the respective
insurance companies upon defined events of default, and, in some cases, at the
will of the insurance company. Were an insurance company in the future to
exercise its option to terminate such agreements, such a termination could have
a material adverse effect on our liquidity and results of operations, depending
on the number and value of the terminated agreements. Our note insurers continue
to extend our term as servicer on a monthly and/or quarterly basis, pursuant to
the servicing agreements. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

         The following table summarizes our material contractual obligations as
of December 31, 2006 (dollars in thousands):

                                            PAYMENT DUE BY PERIOD (1)
                                ------------------------------------------------

                                         LESS THAN   1 TO 3    3 TO 5  MORE THAN
                                 TOTAL    1 YEAR     YEARS     YEARS    5 YEARS
                                -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Long Term Debt (2) ...........  $38,619   $30,887   $ 6,309   $ 1,318   $   105
Operating Leases .............  $ 7,066   $ 3,892   $ 2,970   $   204   $    --



(1)  SECURITIZATION TRUST DEBT, IN THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF $1,443.0 MILLION AS
     OF DECEMBER 31, 2006, IS OMITTED FROM THIS TABLE BECAUSE IT BECOMES DUE AS
     AND WHEN THE RELATED RECEIVABLES BALANCE IS REDUCED. EXPECTED PAYMENTS,
     WHICH WILL DEPEND ON THE PERFORMANCE OF SUCH RECEIVABLES, AS TO WHICH THERE
     CAN BE NO ASSURANCE, ARE $472.3 MILLION IN 2007, $342.2 MILLION IN 2008,
     $261.3 MILLION IN 2009, $191.4 MILLION IN 2010, $128.3 MILLION IN 2011, AND


                                       37
<PAGE>

     $47.5 MILLION IN 2012. RESIDUAL INTEREST FINANCING, OF $31.4 MILLION AS OF
     DECEMBER 31, 2006, IS ALSO OMITTED FROM THIS TABLE BECAUSE IT BECOMES DUE
     AS AND WHEN THE RELATED RESIDUAL INTEREST AND SPREAD ACCOUNT BALANCES ARE
     REDUCED. EXPECTED PAYMENTS, WHICH WILL DEPEND ON THE PERFORMANCE OF THE
     RELATED RECEIVABLES, AS TO WHICH THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE, ARE $11.0
     MILLION IN 2007, $7.6 MILLION IN 2008 AND $12.8MILLION IN 2009.
(2)  LONG-TERM DEBT INCLUDES SENIOR SECURED DEBT, SUBORDINATED DEBT,
     SUBORDINATED RENEWABLE NOTES AND NOTES PAYABLE.

WAREHOUSE CREDIT FACILITIES

         The terms on which credit has been available to us for purchase of
automobile contracts have varied over the three years 2004-2006 and through
December 31, 2006, as shown in the following summary of our warehouse credit
facilities:

         FACILITY IN USE FROM NOVEMBER 2000 TO FEBRUARY 2004. In November 2000,
we (through our subsidiary CPS Funding LLC) entered into a floating rate
variable note purchase facility under which up to $75.8 million of notes could
be outstanding at any time subject to collateral tests and other conditions. We
used funds derived from this facility to purchase automobile contracts under the
CPS programs, which were pledged to secure the notes. The collateral tests and
other conditions generally allowed us to borrow up to approximately 72.5% of the
principal balance of the automobile contracts. Notes issued under this facility
bore interest at one-month LIBOR plus 0.75% per annum, plus a premium to an
insurance company. This facility expired on February 21, 2004.

         FACILITY IN USE FROM MARCH 2002 TO JUNE 2005. In March 2002, we
(through our subsidiary CPS Warehouse Trust) entered into a second floating rate
variable note purchase facility, under which up to $125.0 million of notes could
be outstanding at any time, subject to collateral tests and other conditions. We
used funds derived from this facility to purchase automobile contracts under the
CPS programs and the TFC programs, which were pledged to secure the notes. The
collateral tests and other conditions generally allowed us to borrow up to
approximately 73% of the principal balance of the automobile contracts purchased
under the CPS programs. Notes issued under this facility bore interest at
commercial paper plus 1.18% per annum, plus a premium to a financial guarantor.
During November 2004, this facility was amended to allow us to borrow up to
approximately 70% of the principal balance of automobile contracts purchased
under the TFC programs. This facility was due to expire on April 11, 2006, but
we elected to terminate it on June 29, 2005.

         FACILITY IN USE FROM MAY 2003 TO JUNE 2004. In connection with the TFC
merger in May 2003, we (through our subsidiary TFC Warehouse I LLC) entered into
a third floating rate variable note purchase facility, under which up to $25.0
million of notes could be outstanding at any time, subject to collateral tests
and other conditions. We used funds derived from this facility to purchase
automobile contracts under the TFC programs, which were pledged to secure the
notes. The collateral tests and other conditions generally allowed us to borrow
up to approximately 71% of the principal balance of the automobile contracts.
Notes issued under this facility bore interest at LIBOR plus 1.75% per annum,
plus a premium to a financial guarantor. This facility expired on June 24, 2004.

         FACILITY IN USE FROM JUNE 2004 TO PRESENT. In June 2004, we (through
our subsidiary Page Funding LLC) entered into a floating rate variable note
purchase facility. Up to $200.0 million of notes may be outstanding under this
facility at any time subject to certain collateral tests and other conditions.
We use funds derived from this facility to purchase automobile contracts under
the CPS programs and TFC programs, which are pledged to secure the notes. The
collateral tests and other conditions generally allow us to borrow up to
approximately 93% of the principal balance of automobile contracts that we
purchase under our CPS programs, and of up to 70% of the principal balance of
automobile contracts that we purchase under our TFC programs. Notes issued under
this facility bear interest at one-month LIBOR plus 2.00% per annum. The balance
of notes outstanding related to this facility at December 31, 2006 was $27.8
million.

         FACILITY IN USE FROM NOVEMBER 2005 TO PRESENT. In November 2005, we
(through our subsidiary Page Three Funding LLC) entered into a floating rate
variable note purchase facility. Up to $200 million of notes may be outstanding
under this facility at any time subject to certain collateral tests and other
conditions. We use funds derived from this facility to purchase automobile
contracts under the CPS programs, which are pledged to secure the notes. The
collateral tests and other conditions generally allow us to borrow up to
approximately 93.0% of the principal balance of the automobile contracts. Notes
issued under this facility bear interest at one-month LIBOR plus 2.00% per
annum. The balance of notes outstanding related to this facility at December 31,
2006 was $45.2 million.

                                       38
<PAGE>

CAPITAL RESOURCES

         Approximately $25.0 million of long-term debt matures in May 2007. We
plan to repay our long-term debt from a combination of the following: (i)
additional proceeds from the offering of subordinated renewable notes; (ii) a
possible transaction similar to the financings that we undertook in March 2004
and November 2005, where we issued notes secured by our residual interests in
securitizations; and (iii) possible senior secured financing similar to our
existing outstanding senior secured financing. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to complete these transactions. Securitization trust debt is repaid
from collections on the related receivables, and becomes due in accordance with
its terms as the principal amount of the related receivables is reduced.
Although the securitization trust debt also has alternative maximum maturity
dates, those dates are significantly later than the dates at which repayment of
the related receivables is anticipated, and at no time in our history have any
of our sponsored asset-backed securities reached those alternative maximum
maturities.

         The acquisition of automobile contracts for subsequent transfer in
securitization transactions, and the need to fund spread accounts and initial
overcollateralization, if any, when those transactions take place, results in a
continuing need for capital. The amount of capital required is most heavily
dependent on the rate of our automobile contract purchases, the required level
of initial credit enhancement in securitizations, and the extent to which the
trusts and related spread accounts either release cash to us or capture cash
from collections on securitized automobile contracts. We plan to adjust our
levels of automobile contract purchases so as to match anticipated releases of
cash from the trusts and related spread accounts with our capital requirements.

CAPITALIZATION

         Over the period from January 1, 2004 through December 31, 2006 we have
managed our capitalization by issuing and restructuring debt as summarized in
the following table:

                                       39
<PAGE>

                                                YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                      -----------------------------------------
                                         2006            2005           2004
                                      -----------    -----------    -----------
                                                (Dollars in thousands)
RESIDUAL INTEREST FINANCING:
Beginning balance .................   $    43,745    $    22,204    $        --
     Issuances ....................        13,667         45,800         44,000
     Payments .....................       (26,034)       (24,259)       (21,796)
                                      -----------    -----------    -----------
Ending balance ....................   $    31,378    $    43,745    $    22,204
                                      ===========    ===========    ===========

SECURITIZATION TRUST DEBT:
Beginning balance .................   $   924,026    $   542,815    $   245,118
     Issuances ....................     1,003,645        662,350        474,720
     Payments .....................      (484,676)      (281,139)      (177,023)
                                      -----------    -----------    -----------
Ending balance ....................   $ 1,442,995    $   924,026    $   542,815
                                      ===========    ===========    ===========

SENIOR SECURED DEBT, RELATED PARTY:
Beginning balance .................   $    40,000    $    59,829    $    49,965
     Issuances ....................            --             --         25,000
     Payments .....................       (15,000)       (19,829)       (15,136)
                                      -----------    -----------    -----------
Ending balance ....................   $    25,000    $    40,000    $    59,829
                                      ===========    ===========    ===========

SUBORDINATED DEBT:
Beginning balance .................   $    14,000    $    15,000    $    35,000
     Payments .....................       (14,000)        (1,000)       (20,000)
                                      -----------    -----------    -----------
Ending balance ....................   $        --    $    14,000    $    15,000
                                      ===========    ===========    ===========

SUBORDINATED RENEWABLE NOTES:
Beginning balance .................   $     4,655    $        --    $        --
     Issuances ....................         9,985          4,685             --
     Payments .....................        (1,068)           (30)            --
                                      -----------    -----------    -----------
Ending balance ....................   $    13,572    $     4,655    $        --
                                      ===========    ===========    ===========

RELATED PARTY DEBT:
Beginning balance .................   $        --    $        --    $    17,500
     Non-cash conversion ..........            --             --         (1,000)
     Payments .....................            --             --        (16,500)
                                      -----------    -----------    -----------
Ending balance ....................   $        --    $        --    $        --
                                      ===========    ===========    ===========

         RESIDUAL INTEREST FINANCING. In March 2004, one of our wholly-owned
bankruptcy remote consolidated subsidiaries issued $44.0 million of asset-backed
notes secured by our retained interests in eight term securitization
transactions. We repaid the notes in full in August 2005. In November 2005, we
completed a similar securitization in which a wholly-owned bankruptcy remote
consolidated subsidiary of ours issued $45.8 million of asset-backed notes
secured by our retained interests in 10 term securitization transactions. These
notes have a final maturity in July 2011, and are required to be repaid from the
distributions on the underlying retained interests. In December 2006, we entered
into a $35 million residual credit facility that is secured by our retained
interests in more recent term securitizations. This facility, which bears
interest at LIBOR plus 6.125%, allows for new borrowings over a two-year period
and then amortizes over a five-year period.

         SECURITIZATION TRUST DEBT. Since the third quarter of 2003, we have for
financial accounting purposes, treated securitizations of automobile contracts
as secured financings, and the asset-backed securities issued in such
securitizations remain on our balance sheet as securitization trust debt.

         SENIOR SECURED DEBT. Since 1998, we have entered into a series of
financing transactions with Levine Leichtman.

         SUBORDINATED DEBT. In April 1997, we issued $20.0 million in
subordinated participating equity notes due April 2004, which we retired in the
second quarter of 2004. In 1995, we issued $20.0 million of Rising Interest
Subordinated Redeemable Securities, or RISRS, due 2006. The RISRS included a

                                       40
<PAGE>

sinking fund in their terms, and we repaid in the first quarter of 2006 the
$14.0 million that remained outstanding. In May 2003, in connection with the
acquisition of TFC, we assumed $6.3 million in principal amount of subordinated
debt that TFC had outstanding. We amortized this debt monthly and repaid it in
full in June 2005.

         SUBORDINATED RENEWABLE NOTES DEBT. In June 2005, we began issuing
registered subordinated renewable notes in an ongoing offering to the public.
Upon maturity, the notes are automatically renewed for the same term as the
maturing notes, unless we elect not to have the notes renewed or unless the
investor notifies us within 15 days after the maturity date for his notes that
he wants his notes repaid. Renewed notes bear interest at the rate we are
offering at that time to other investors with similar aggregate note portfolios.
Based on the terms of the individual notes, interest payments may be required
monthly, quarterly, annually or upon maturity.

         RELATED PARTY DEBT. In June 1997 we borrowed $15.0 million from
Stanwich Financial Services Corp., or Stanwich, which was an affiliated
corporation at that time. This debt was due in 2004 and we repaid it in the
second quarter of 2004. During 1999 we borrowed another $1.5 million from
Stanwich, which we also repaid in the second quarter of 2004. During 1998 we
borrowed $1.0 million from one of our directors. In the second quarter of 2004,
our indebtedness to that director was converted, in accordance with its terms,
into common stock at the rate of $3.00 per share.

         We must comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants related
to debt facilities, which require, among other things, that we maintain certain
financial ratios related to liquidity, net worth, capitalization, investments,
acquisitions, restricted payments and certain dividend restrictions. As a result
of waivers and amendments to covenants related to securitization and
non-securitization related debt throughout 2004 and 2005, we were in compliance
with all such covenants as of December 31, 2006. In addition, certain
securitization and non-securitization related debt contain cross-default
provisions that would allow certain creditors to declare default if a default
occurred under a different facility.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         This report on Form 10-K includes certain "forward-looking statements,"
including, without limitation, the statements or implications to the effect that
prepayments as a percentage of original balances will approximate 22.7% to 32.5%
cumulatively over the lives of the related Contracts, that charge-offs as a
percentage of original balances will approximate 15.5% to 19.4% cumulatively
over the lives of the related Contracts, with recovery rates approximating 3.6%
to 4.2% of original principal balances. Other forward-looking statements may be
identified by the use of words such as "anticipates," "expects," "plans,"
"estimates," or words of like meaning. As to the specifically identified
forward-looking statements, factors that could affect charge-offs and recovery
rates include changes in the general economic climate, which could affect the
willingness or ability of obligors to pay pursuant to the terms of Contracts,
changes in laws respecting consumer finance, which could affect the ability of
the Company to enforce rights under Contracts, and changes in the market for
used vehicles, which could affect the levels of recoveries upon sale of
repossessed vehicles. Factors that could affect the Company's revenues in the
current year include the levels of cash releases from existing pools of
Contracts, which would affect the Company's ability to purchase Contracts, the
terms on which the Company is able to finance such purchases, the willingness of
Dealers to sell Contracts to the Company on the terms that it offers, and the
terms on which the Company is able to complete term securitizations once
Contracts are acquired. Factors that could affect the Company's expenses in the
current year include competitive conditions in the market for qualified
personnel, and interest rates (which affect the rates that the Company pays on
Notes issued in its securitizations). The statements concerning the Company
structuring future securitization transactions as secured financings and the
effects of such structures on financial items and on the Company's future
profitability also are forward-looking statements. Any change to the structure
of the Company's securitization transaction could cause such forward-looking
statements not to be accurate. Both the amount of the effect of the change in
structure on the Company's profitability and the duration of the period in which
the Company's profitability would be affected by the change in securitization
structure are estimates. The accuracy of such estimates will be affected by the
rate at which the Company purchases and sells Contracts, any changes in that
rate, the credit performance of such Contracts, the financial terms of future
securitizations, any changes in such terms over time, and other factors that
generally affect the Company's profitability.

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

         In February 2006, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 155, "Accounting
for Certain Hybrid Instruments". This statement amends the guidance in FASB
Statements No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities", and No. 140, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial
Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities". Statement 155 allows financial
instruments that have embedded derivatives to be accounted for as a whole
(eliminating the need to bifurcate the derivative from its host) if the holder


                                       41
<PAGE>

elects to account for the whole instrument on a fair value basis. The Statement
also amends Statement 140 to eliminate the prohibition on a qualifying
special-purpose entity from holding a derivative financial instrument that
pertains to a beneficial interest other than another derivative financial
instrument. Statement 155 is effective for all financial instruments acquired or
issued after January 1, 2007. The Company does not believe the adoption of this
statement will have a material effect on the Company's financial position or
operations.

         In March 2006, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 156, "Accounting for
the Servicing of Financial Assets an Amendment to FASB Statement No. 140" (FAS
156). With respect to the accounting for separately recognized servicing assets
and servicing liabilities, this statement: (1) requires an entity to recognize a
servicing asset or servicing liability each time it undertakes an obligation to
service a financial asset by entering into a specific types of servicing
contracts identified in the statement, (2) requires that all separately
recognized servicing assets and servicing liabilities be initially measured at
fair value, if practicable, (3) permits an entity to choose subsequent
measurement methods for each class of separately recognized servicing assets and
servicing liabilities, (4) permits a one-time reclassification of
available-for-sale securities to trading securities by entities with recognized
servicing rights at the initial adoption of this statement, and (5) requires a
separate presentation of servicing assets and servicing liabilities subsequently
measured at fair value in the statement of financial position and additional
disclosures for all separately recognized servicing assets and servicing
liabilities. FAS 156 will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2007. The
Company is currently in the process of evaluating the effects of this Standard,
but does not believe it will have a significant effect on its financial position
or results of operations.

         In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, "Fair Value
Measurements" ("SFAS No. 157"). SFAS No. 157 clarifies the principle that fair
value should be based on the assumptions market participants would use when
pricing an asset or liability and establishes a fair value hierarchy that
prioritizes the information used to develop those assumptions. Under the
standard, fair value measurements would be separately disclosed by level within
the fair value hierarchy. SFAS 157 is effective for the Company on January 1,
2008. The Company is in the process of evaluating SFAS No. 157 but does not
believe it will have a significant effect on its financial position or results
of operations.

         In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS 159, THE FAIR VALUE OPTION FOR
FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES-INCLUDING AN AMENDMENT OF FASB
STATEMENT NO. 115. SFAS 159 permits an entity to choose to measure many
financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. Most of the
provisions of SFAS 159 are elective, however, the amendment to SFAS 115,
ACCOUNTING FOR CERTAIN INVESTMENTS IN DEBT AND EQUITY SECURITIES, applies to all
entities with available for sale or trading securities. SFAS 159 is elective as
of the beginning of an entity's first fiscal year that begins after November 15,
2007. SFAS 159 was recently issued and we are currently assessing the financial
impact the Statement will have on our financial statements.

         In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, "Accounting
for Uncertainty in Income Taxes" ("FIN 48"). FIN 48 clarifies when tax benefits
should be recorded in financial statements, requires certain disclosures of
uncertain tax matters and indicates how any tax reserves should be classified in
a balance sheet. FIN 48 is effective for the Company in the first quarter of
2007. The Company is currently analyzing the effects of the adoption of FIN 48
but currently does not anticipate that the adoption will have a significant
impact on its financial condition or results of operations.

         OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS Prior to July 2003, the Company
structured its securitization transactions to meet the accounting criteria for
sales of finance receivables. In this structure the notes issued by the
Company's special purpose subsidiary do not appear as debt on the Company's
consolidated balance sheet. See Critical Accounting Policies for a detailed
discussion of the Company's securitization structure.


ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

INTEREST RATE RISK

         The Company is subject to interest rate risk during the period between
when Contracts are purchased from Dealers and when such Contracts become part of
a term securitization. Specifically, the interest rates on the warehouse
facilities are adjustable while the interest rates on the Contracts are fixed.
Historically, the Company's term securitization facilities have had fixed rates
of interest. To mitigate some of this risk, the Company has in the past, and
intends to continue to, structure certain of its securitization transactions to


                                       42
<PAGE>

include pre-funding structures, whereby the amount of Notes issued exceeds the
amount of Contracts initially sold to the Trusts. In pre-funding, the proceeds
from the pre-funded portion are held in an escrow account until the Company
sells the additional Contracts to the Trust in amounts up to the balance of the
pre-funded escrow account. In pre-funded securitizations, the Company locks in
the borrowing costs with respect to the Contracts it subsequently delivers to
the Trust. However, the Company incurs an expense in pre-funded securitizations
equal to the difference between the money market yields earned on the proceeds
held in escrow prior to subsequent delivery of Contracts and the interest rate
paid on the Notes outstanding, the amount as to which there can be no assurance.

         The following table provides information on the Company's interest
rate-sensitive financial instruments by expected maturity date as of December
31, 2006:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          2007         2008         2009          2010          2011      THEREAFTER   FAIR VALUE
                                      -----------   ----------   ----------   -----------   -----------   ----------   ----------
                                                                             (In thousands)
Assets:
<S>                                   <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
Finance receivables(1) ............   $   482,482   $  373,299   $  283,485   $   210,631   $   142,636   $   34,752   $1,527,285
   Weighted average fixed
    effective interest rate .......         18.45%       18.46%       18.42%        18.40%        18.40%       18.53%

LIABILITIES:
Warehouse lines
   of credit ......................        72,950           --           --            --            --           --       72,950
   Weighted average variable ......
    effective interest rate .......          7.35%          --           --            --            --           --           --
Residual interest
   financing ......................        10,947        7,649       12,782            --            --           --       31,378
   Weighted average fixed
    effective interest rate .......          8.70%          --           --            --            --           --           --
Securitization trust debt .........       472,287      342,185      261,307       191,413       128,308       47,498    1,441,881
   Weighted average fixed
    effective interest rate .......          5.18%        5.29%        5.43%         5.60%        5.75%         5.91%
Senior secured debt ...............        25,000           --           --            --            --           --       25,000
    Fixed interest rate ...........         11.75%          --           --            --            --           --           --
Subordinated renewable notes ......         5,843        2,937        3,371           467           851          105       13,574
   Weighted average fixed
    effective interest rate .......          8.38%        9.86%       11.06%        10.23%        11.17%        9.71%
</TABLE>

  (1) BASED ON SCHEDULED PAYMENTS OF FINANCE RECEIVABLES AND EXCLUDING SUCH
COMPONENTS AS DEFERRED ORIGINATIONS COSTS AND DEFERRED ACQUISITION FEES.

         Much of the information used to determine fair value is highly
subjective. When applicable, readily available market information has been
utilized. However, for a significant portion of the Company's financial
instruments, active markets do not exist. Therefore, considerable judgments were
required in estimating fair value for certain items. The subjective factors
include, among other things, the estimated timing and amount of cash flows, risk
characteristics, credit quality and interest rates, all of which are subject to
change. Since the fair value is estimated as of the dates shown in the table,
the amounts that will actually be realized or paid at settlement or maturity of
the instruments could be significantly different.


ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         This report includes Consolidated Financial Statements, notes thereto
and an Independent Auditors' Report, at the pages indicated below, in the "Index
to Financial Statements." Certain unaudited quarterly financial information is
included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, as Note 17.


ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         Not applicable.

                                       43
<PAGE>


ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

         DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Under the supervision and with the
participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, management of the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design
and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
"Exchange Act") as of December 31, 2006 (the "Evaluation Date"). Based upon that
evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that, as of the Evaluation Date, the Company's disclosure controls and
procedures are effective (i) to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by us in reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission; and (ii) to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company
files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

         The certifications of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer required under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act have been
filed as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this report.

         INTERNAL CONTROL. Management's Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting is included in this Annual Report, immediately below. During
the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2006, there were no changes in the
Company's internal control over financial reporting that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal
control over financial reporting.

         MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING.
Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company's internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company's
management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair
presentation of published financial statements.

         Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems
determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to
financial statement preparation and presentation.

         Management, with the participation of the Chief Executive and Chief
Financial Officers, assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006. In making this assessment,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control --
Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, management, with the
participation of the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers, believes
that, as of December 31, 2006, the Company's internal control over financial
reporting is effective based on those criteria.

         Management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, has been audited by McGladrey &
Pullen, LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that also audited
the Company's consolidated financial statements. McGladrey & Pullen's
attestation report on management's assessment of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting appears below.


                                       44
<PAGE>

             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



To the Board of Directors
Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc.
Irvine, California


         We have audited management's assessment, included in the accompanying
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that Consumer
Portfolio Services, Inc. maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on criteria established in INTERNAL
CONTROL--INTEGRATED FRAMEWORK issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Consumer Portfolio Services'
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
management's assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

         We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, evaluating management's assessment, testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

         A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and
fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

         Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

         In our opinion, management's assessment that Consumer Portfolio
Services, Inc. maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on
criteria established in INTERNAL CONTROL--INTEGRATED FRAMEWORK issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Also in
our opinion, Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2006, based on criteria established in INTERNAL CONTROL--INTEGRATED FRAMEWORK
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO).

         We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the 10-K of Consumer
Portfolio Services, Inc. and our report dated March 8, 2007 expressed an
unqualified opinion.


/s/ McGladrey & Pullen, LLP
McGladrey & Pullen, LLP

Irvine, California
March 8, 2007

                                       45
<PAGE>

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

         Not Applicable


                                       46
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         Information regarding directors of the registrant is incorporated by
reference to the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting
of shareholders to be held in 2007 (the "2007 Proxy Statement"). The 2007 Proxy
Statement will be filed not later than April 30, 2006. Information regarding
executive officers of the registrant appears in Part I of this report, and is
incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         Incorporated by reference to the 2007 Proxy Statement.


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
         RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

         Incorporated by reference to the 2007 Proxy Statement.


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         Incorporated by reference to the 2007 Proxy Statement.


ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

         Incorporated by reference to the 2007 Proxy Statement.


                                       47
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

         The financial statements listed below under the caption "Index to
Financial Statements" are filed as a part of this report. No financial statement
schedules are filed as the required information is inapplicable or the
information is presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the related
notes. Separate financial statements of the Company have been omitted as the
Company is primarily an operating company and its subsidiaries are wholly owned
and do not have minority equity interests held by any person other than the
Company in amounts that together exceed 5% of the total consolidated assets as
shown by the most recent year-end Consolidated Balance Sheet.

         The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this report, whether
filed herewith or incorporated by reference to an exhibit filed with the report
identified in the parentheses following the description of such exhibit. Unless
otherwise indicated, each such identified report was filed by or with respect to
the registrant.


Exhibit  Description ("**" indicates compensatory plan or agreement.)
Number

2.1      Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 18, 2001, by and
         among the Registrant, CPS Mergersub, Inc. and MFN Financial
         Corporation. (Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2001 by MFN
         Financial Corporation)

3.1      Restated Articles of Incorporation (Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-2, No.
         333-121913)

3.2      Amended and Restated Bylaws (Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed August 8,
         2006)

4.1      Instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of certain
         consolidated subsidiaries of the registrant are omitted pursuant to the
         exclusion set forth in subdivisions (b)(iv)(iii)(A) and (b)(v) of Item
         601 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.601). The registrant agrees to
         provide copies of such instruments to the United States Securities and
         Exchange Commission upon request.

4.2      Form of Indenture re Renewable Unsecured Subordinated Notes ("RUS
         Notes"), (Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-2, no. 333-121913)

4.2.1    Form of RUS Notes (Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-2, no. 333-121913)

4.5      Third Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement ("3rd SPA")
         dated as of January 29, 2004, between the registrant and Levine
         Leichtman Capital Partners II, L.P. ("LLCP") (Exhibit 99.16 to the
         Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the registrant on February
         3, 2004)

4.5.1    Amendment to the 3rd SPA, dated as of March 25, 2004. (Exhibit 99.22 to
         the Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the registrant on June
         4, 2004)

4.5.2    Amendment to the 3rd SPA, dated as of April 2, 2004. (Exhibit 99.23 to
         the Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the registrant on June
         4, 2004)

4.5.3    Amendment to the 3rd SPA, dated as of May 28, 2004. (Exhibit 99.25 to
         the Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the registrant on June
         4, 2004)

4.5.4    Amendment to the 3rd SPA, dated as of June 25, 2004. (Exhibit 99.29 to
         the Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the registrant on June
         29, 2004)

4.5.5    Amendment to the 3rd SPA, dated as of May 26, 2006. (Exhibit 4.5.5 to
         the to Form 10-Q filed August 11, 2006)

4.6      Amended and Restated Secured Senior Note due December 15, 2005 (Exhibit
         99.18 to the Schedule 13D filed by LLCP with respect to the registrant
         on February 3, 2004)

4.6.1    Amendment to Amended and Restated Secured Senior Note due December 15,
         2005 (Exhibit 4.6.1 to Form 10-Q filed August 11, 2006)

4.7      11.75% Secured Senior Note Due 2006 (Exhibit 99.26 to the Schedule 13D
         filed by LLCP with respect to the registrant on June 4, 2004)

4.7.1    Amendment dated May 26, 2006 to the preceding 11.75% Secured Senior
         Note Due 2006, extending the maturity thereof. (Exhibit 4.7.1 to the to
         Form 10-Q filed August 11, 2006)

                                       48
<PAGE>

Exhibit  Description ("**" indicates compensatory plan or agreement.)
Number

4.8      11.75% Secured Senior Note Due 2006 (Exhibit 99.30 to the Schedule 13D
         filed by LLCP with respect to the registrant on June 29, 2004)

4.8.1    Amendment dated May 26, 2006 to the preceding 11.75% Secured Senior
         Note Due 2006, extending the maturity thereof. (Exhibit 4.8.1 to the to
         Form 10-Q filed August 11, 2006)

4.16     Form of Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2006, respecting notes
         issued by CPS Auto Receivables Trust 2006-C (exhibit 4 to Form 8-K
         filed by the registrant on September 29, 2006)

4.17     Indenture dated as of December 1, 2006, respecting notes issued by CPS
         Auto Receivables Trust 2006-D (exhibit 4.17 to Form 8-K filed by the
         registrant on September 29, 2006)

4.18     Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of December 1, 2006, related to
         notes issued by CPS Auto Receivables Trust 2006-D (exhibit 4.18 to Form
         8-K filed by the registrant on September 29, 2006.)

10.1     1991 Stock Option Plan & forms of Option Agreements thereunder (Exhibit
         10.19 to Form S-2, no. 333-121913) **

10.2     1997 Long-Term Incentive Stock Plan ("1997 Plan") (Exhibit 10.20 to
         Form S-2, no. 333-121913) **

10.2.1   Form of Option Agreement under 1997 Plan (Exhibit 10.2.1 to Form 10-K
         filed March 13, 2006) **

10.3     Lease Agreement re Chesapeake Collection Facility (Exhibit 10.11 to
         registrant's Form 10-K filed March 31, 1997)

10.4     Lease of Headquarters Building (Exhibit 10.22 to registrant's Form 10-Q
         filed Nov. 14, 1997)

10.5     Third Amended & Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement dated February
         14, 2007 by and among Page Funding LLC ("PFLLC"), the registrant and
         Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. ("WFBNA") (filed herewith)

10.6     Second Amended & Restated Indenture dated as of February 14, 2007 by
         and between PFLLC and WFBNA (filed herewith)

10.8     Second Amended & Restated Note Purchase Agreement dated as of February
         14, 2007 by and among PFLLC, UBS Real Estate Securities Inc. and WFBNA
         (filed herewith)

10.10    Amended & Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of January 12,
         2007, among Page Three Funding LLC ("P3FLLC"), the registrant and WFBNA
         (filed herewith)

10.11    Amended & Restated Indenture dated as of January 12, 2007 between
         P3FLLC and WFBNA (filed herewith)

10.12    Amended & Restated Note Purchase Agreement dated as of January 12, 2007
         among P3FLLC, the registrant and Bear, Stearns International Limited
         (filed herewith)

10.14    2006 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (Appendix A to the registrant's
         proxy statement for its 2006 annual meeting of shareholder's, filed on
         Schedule 14A on May 19, 2006)**

10.14.1  Form of Option Agreement under the 2006 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan
         (filed herewith)**

14       Registrant's Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers (Exhibit 14
         to Form 10-K filed March 13, 2006)

21       List of subsidiaries of the registrant (filed herewith)

23.1     Consent of McGladrey & Pullen, LLP (filed herewith)

31.1     Rule 13a-14(a) certification by chief executive officer (filed
         herewith)

31.2     Rule 13a-14(a) certification by chief financial officer (filed
         herewith)

32       Section 1350 certification (filed herewith)

                                       49
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                  CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. (REGISTRANT)

March 9, 2007                     By:     /s/ CHARLES E. BRADLEY, JR.
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Charles E. Bradley, Jr., PRESIDENT

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


March 9, 2007                             /s/ CHARLES E. BRADLEY, JR.
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Charles E. Bradley, Jr., DIRECTOR,
                                          PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                                          (PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER)

March 9, 2007                             /s/ E. BRUCE FREDRIKSON
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          E. Bruce Fredrikson, DIRECTOR


March 9, 2007                             /s/ JOHN E. MCCONNAUGHY, JR.
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          John E. McConnaughy, Jr., DIRECTOR


March 9, 2007                             /s/ JOHN G. POOLE
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          John G. Poole, DIRECTOR


March 9, 2007                             /s/ BRIAN J. RAYHILL
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Brian J. Rayhill, DIRECTOR


March 9, 2007                             /s/ WILLIAM B. ROBERTS
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          William B. Roberts, DIRECTOR


March 9, 2007                             /s/ JOHN C. WARNER
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          John C. Warner, DIRECTOR


March 9, 2007                             /s/ DANIEL S. WOOD
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Daniel S. Wood, DIRECTOR


March 9, 2007                             /s/ JEFFREY P. FRITZ
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Jeffrey P. Fritz,  SR. VICE  PRESIDENT
                                          AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
                                          (PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER)


                                       50
<PAGE>

                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



                                                                         PAGE
                                                                       REFERENCE
                                                                       ---------

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ..............    F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2006 and 2005..........    F-3

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
    December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004.................................    F-4

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for
    the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004.................    F-5

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years
    ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004...........................    F-6

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
    December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004.................................    F-7

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ...........................    F-9


                                      F-1
<PAGE>

             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



To the Board of Directors
Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc.
Irvine, California

         We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Consumer Portfolio
Services, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss),
retained earnings and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2006. These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Consumer
Portfolio Services, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 2006, in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles.

  As described in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 123(R), "SHARE-BASED
PAYMENT" in 2006.

  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of Consumer
Portfolio Services, Inc. and subsidiaries' internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on criteria established in INTERNAL
CONTROL--INTEGRATED FRAMEWORK ISSUED BY THE COMMITTEE OF SPONSORING
ORGANIZATIONS OF THE TREADWAY COMMISSION (COSO) and our report dated March 8,
2007 expressed an unqualified opinion on management's assessment of the
effectiveness of Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc.'s internal control over
financial reporting and an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of Consumer
Portfolio Services Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting.


/s/ McGladrey & Pullen, LLP
McGladrey & Pullen, LLP

Irvine, California
March 8, 2007


                                      F-2
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>     <C>
                      CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA)


                                                               DECEMBER 31,       DECEMBER 31,
                                                                  2006                2005
                                                              -------------      -------------
ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents                                     $      14,215      $      17,789
Restricted cash and equivalents                                     193,001            157,662

Finance receivables                                               1,480,794            971,304
Less: Allowance for finance credit losses                           (79,380)           (57,728)
                                                              -------------      -------------
Finance receivables, net                                          1,401,414            913,576

Residual interest in securitizations                                 13,795             25,220
Furniture and equipment, net                                            824              1,079
Deferred financing costs                                             12,702              8,596
Deferred tax assets, net                                             54,669              7,532
Accrued interest receivable                                          17,043             10,930
Other assets                                                         20,678             12,760
                                                              -------------      -------------
                                                              $   1,728,341      $   1,155,144
                                                              =============      =============

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
LIABILITIES
Accounts payable and accrued expenses                         $      20,590      $      19,568
Warehouse lines of credit                                            72,950             35,350
Income taxes payable                                                 10,297                 --
Notes payable                                                            45                211
Residual interest financing                                          31,378             43,745
Securitization trust debt                                         1,442,995            924,026
Senior secured debt, related party                                   25,000             40,000
Subordinated renewable notes                                         13,574              4,655
Subordinated debt                                                        --             14,000
                                                              -------------      -------------
                                                                  1,616,829          1,081,555
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Preferred stock, $1 par value;
   authorized 5,000,000 shares; none issued                              --                 --
Series A preferred stock, $1 par value;
   authorized 5,000,000 shares; none issued                              --                 --
Common stock, no par value; authorized
   30,000,000 shares; 21,504,688 and 21,687,584
   shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2006 and
  December 31, 2005, respectively                                    64,438             66,748
Additional paid in capital, warrants                                    794                794
Retained earnings                                                    48,031              8,476
Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                 (1,751)            (2,429)
                                                              -------------      -------------
                                                                    111,512             73,589
                                                              -------------      -------------
                                                              $   1,728,341      $   1,155,144
                                                              =============      =============


                 SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                             F-3
<PAGE>

                                 CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)


                                                                               YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                  --------------------------------------------------
                                                                      2006                2005             2004
                                                                  -------------      -------------     -------------
REVENUES:
Interest income                                                   $     263,566      $     171,834     $     105,818
Servicing fees                                                            2,894              6,647            12,480
Other income                                                             12,403             15,216            14,394
                                                                  -------------      -------------     -------------
                                                                        278,863            193,697           132,692
                                                                  -------------      -------------     -------------

EXPENSES:
Employee costs                                                           38,483             40,384            38,173
General and administrative                                               23,197             23,095            21,293
Interest                                                                 87,510             44,148            25,876
Interest, related party                                                   5,602              7,521             6,271
Provision for credit losses                                              92,057             58,987            32,574
Impairment loss on residual asset                                            --                 --            11,750
Marketing                                                                14,031             12,000             8,338
Occupancy                                                                 3,983              3,400             3,520
Depreciation and amortization                                               800                790               785
                                                                  -------------      -------------     -------------
                                                                        265,663            190,325           148,580
                                                                  -------------      -------------     -------------
Income (loss) before income tax benefit                                  13,200              3,372           (15,888)
Income tax (benefit)                                                    (26,355)                --                --
                                                                  -------------      -------------     -------------
Net income (loss)                                                 $      39,555      $       3,372     $     (15,888)
                                                                  =============      =============     =============

Earnings (loss) per share:
  Basic                                                           $        1.82      $        0.16     $       (0.75)
  Diluted                                                                  1.64               0.14             (0.75)

Number of shares used in computing earnings (loss) per share:
  Basic                                                                  21,759             21,627            21,111
  Diluted                                                                24,052             23,513            21,111


                             SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                        F-4
<PAGE>

                   CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

                                     (IN THOUSANDS)


                                                     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                          ---------------------------------------------
                                              2006             2005             2004
                                          -----------      -----------      -----------

Net income (loss)                         $    39,555     $     3,372      $   (15,888)
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Minimum pension liability, net of tax             678           (1,412)           1,409
                                          -----------      -----------      -----------
Comprehensive income (loss)               $    40,233      $     1,960      $   (14,479)
                                          ===========      ===========      ===========


              SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                          F-5
<PAGE>

                                         CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

                                                       (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)


                                                                   Additional               Accumulated
                                                                    Paid-in                    Other
                                             Common Stock           Capital,    Retained    Comprehensive   Deferred
                                         Shares        Amount       Warrants    Earnings        Loss      Compensation      Total
                                       ---------     ---------     ---------    ---------     ---------     ---------     ---------
Balance at December 31,2003               20,589     $  64,397     $      --    $  20,992     $  (2,426)    $    (803)    $  82,160

Common stock issued upon exercise
  of options, including tax benefit          575         1,079            --           --            --            --         1,079
Common stock issued upon
   conversion of debt                        333         1,000            --           --            --            --         1,000
Purchase of common stock                     (26)         (111)           --           --            --            --          (111)
Pension benefit obligation                    --            --            --           --         1,409            --         1,409
Deferred compensation on
   stock options                              --           (82)           --           --            --            82            --
Amortization of stock compensation            --            --            --           --            --           271           271
Net loss                                      --            --            --      (15,888)           --            --       (15,888)
                                       ---------     ---------     ---------    ---------     ---------     ---------     ---------
Balance at December 31, 2004              21,471        66,283            --        5,104        (1,017)         (450)       69,920

Common stock issued upon exercise
  of options, including tax benefit          415         1,311            --           --            --            --         1,311
Purchase of common stock                    (199)       (1,040)           --           --            --            --        (1,040)
Pension benefit obligation                    --            --            --           --        (1,412)           --        (1,412)
Valuation of warrants issued                  --            --           794           --            --            --           794
Deferred compensation on
   stock options                              --           194            --           --            --          (194)           --
Amortization of stock compensation            --            --            --           --            --           644           644
Net income                                    --            --            --        3,372            --            --         3,372
                                       ---------     ---------     ---------    ---------     ---------     ---------     ---------
Balance at December 31, 2005              21,687        66,748           794        8,476        (2,429)           --        73,589

Common stock issued upon exercise
  of options, including tax benefit          553         2,254            --           --            --            --         2,254
Purchase of common stock                    (735)       (4,808)           --           --            --            --        (4,808)
Pension benefit obligation                    --            --            --           --           678            --           678
Stock-based compensation                      --           244            --           --            --            --           244
Net income                                    --            --            --       39,555            --            --        39,555
                                       ---------     ---------     ---------    ---------     ---------     ---------     ---------
Balance at December 31, 2006              21,505     $  64,438     $     794    $  48,031     $  (1,751)    $      --     $ 111,512
                                       =========     =========     =========    =========     =========     =========     =========


                                    SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                                                F-6
<PAGE>

                                 CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                                                   (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                       ---------------------------------------------
                                                                           2006             2005             2004
                                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
   Net income (loss)                                                   $    39,555      $     3,372      $   (15,888)
   Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided
    by operating activities:
     Reversal of restructuring accrual                                          --               --           (1,287)
     Impairment loss (gain) on residual asset                               (1,200)              --           11,750
     Amortization of deferred acquisition fees                             (11,912)         (10,851)          (6,725)
     Amortization of discount on Class B Notes                               3,005            1,486              588
     Depreciation and amortization                                             800              790              785
     Amortization of deferred financing costs                                6,580            3,296            3,479
     Provision for credit losses                                            92,057           58,987           32,574
     Share based compensation                                                  244              644              271
     Releases of cash from Trusts to Company                                16,530           23,074           21,357
     Net deposits to Trusts to increase Credit Enhancement                      --               --           (2,858)
     Interest income on residual assets                                     (5,656)          (5,338)          (4,633)
     Cash received from residual interest in securitizations                18,282           30,548           54,154
     Impairment charge against non-auto finanace receivable assets              --            1,882               --
     Changes in assets and liabilities:
       Payments on restructuring accrual                                      (633)          (1,425)          (1,969)
       Restricted cash and equivalents                                     (51,868)         (55,623)         (76,336)
       Accrued interest receivable                                          (6,113)          (4,519)          (3,510)
       Other assets                                                         (8,051)          (1,059)          (1,905)
       Deferred tax assets, net                                            (47,138)          (7,532)              --
       Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                12,629           (1,050)             109
                                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------
          Net cash provided by operating activities                         57,111           36,682            9,956
                                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
   Purchases of finance receivables held for investment                 (1,019,018)        (691,252)        (505,977)
   Purchases of note receivable                                                 --               --           (2,799)
   Proceeds received on finance receivables held for investment            451,037          279,730          196,126
   Purchase of furniture and equipment                                        (412)            (166)          (1,408)
                                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------
          Net cash used in investing activities                           (568,393)        (411,688)        (314,058)
                                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
   Proceeds from issuance of securitization trust debt                   1,003,645          662,350          474,720
   Proceeds from issuance of senior secured debt, related party                 --               --           25,000
   Proceeds from issuance of other debt                                     23,652           50,485           44,000
   Net proceeds from warehouse lines of credit                              37,599            1,071              570
   Repayment of securitization trust debt                                 (487,681)        (282,625)        (177,611)
   Repayment of senior secured debt, related party                         (15,000)         (19,829)         (15,137)
   Repayment of related party debt                                              --               --          (16,500)
   Repayment of other debt                                                 (41,266)         (26,498)         (43,705)
   Payment of financing costs                                              (10,687)          (6,796)          (7,046)
   Repurchase of common stock                                               (4,808)          (1,040)            (111)
   Exercise of options and warrants                                          1,555            1,311            1,079
   Excess tax benefit related to option exercises                              699               --               --
                                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------
          Net cash provided by financing activities                        507,708          378,429          285,259
                                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                            (3,574)           3,423          (18,843)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                            17,789           14,366           33,209
                                                                       -----------      -----------      -----------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                             $    14,215      $    17,789      $    14,366
                                                                       ===========      ===========      ===========


                            SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                                        F-7
<PAGE>

                                     CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                                                       (IN THOUSANDS)


                                                                                        YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                            -----------------------------------------------
                                                                                2006              2005             2004
                                                                            ------------      ------------     ------------

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
   Cash paid during the period for:
        Interest                                                            $     81,628      $     45,929     $     28,228
        Income taxes                                                              10,219             9,377              420

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:
      Conversion of related party debt to common stock                                --                --           (1,000)
      Pension benefit obligation, net                                               (678)            1,412           (1,409)
      Value of warrants issued                                                        --               794               --


                                SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                                            F-8
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

         Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. ("CPS") was incorporated in
California on March 8, 1991. CPS and its subsidiaries (collectively, the
"Company") specialize in purchasing, selling and servicing retail automobile
installment sale contracts ("Contracts") originated by licensed motor vehicle
dealers ("Dealers") located throughout the United States. Dealers located in
Texas, California, Florida and Ohio represented 10.9%, 9.2%, 7.9% and 7.4%,
respectively of Contracts purchased during 2006 compared with 10.7%, 9.0%, 7.1%
and 7.5%, respectively in 2005. No other state had a concentration in excess of
7.0%. The Company specializes in Contracts with obligors who generally would not
be expected to qualify for traditional financing, such as that provided by
commercial banks or automobile manufacturers' captive finance companies.

         The Company is subject to various regulations and laws as they relate
to the extension of credit in consumer credit transactions. Although the Company
believes it is currently in material compliance with these regulation and laws,
there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to maintain such
compliance. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could have a
material adverse effect on the Company.

ACQUISITIONS

         On March 8, 2002, the Company acquired MFN Financial Corporation and
its subsidiaries in a merger (the "MFN Merger"). On May 20, 2003, the Company
acquired TFC Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries in a second merger (the "TFC
Merger"). Each merger was accounted for as a purchase. MFN Financial Corporation
and its subsidiaries ("MFN") and TFC Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries
("TFC") were engaged in businesses similar to that of the Company: buying
Contracts from Dealers, financing those Contracts through securitization
transactions, and servicing those Contracts. MFN ceased acquiring Contracts in
March 2002; TFC continues to acquire Contracts under its "TFC Programs."

         On April 2, 2004, the Company purchased a portfolio of Contracts and
certain other assets (the "SeaWest Asset Acquisition") from SeaWest Financial
Corporation ("SeaWest"). In addition, the Company was named the successor
servicer for three term securitization transactions originally sponsored by
SeaWest (the "SeaWest Third Party Portfolio"). The Company does not offer
financing programs similar to those previously offered by SeaWest.

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

         The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Consumer
Portfolio Services, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, certain of which are
Special Purpose Subsidiaries ("SPS"), formed to accommodate the structures under
which the Company purchases and securitizes its Contracts. The Consolidated
Financial Statements also include the accounts of CPS Leasing, Inc., an 80%
owned subsidiary. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

         For purposes of the statements of cash flows, the Company considers all
highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less
to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and due from
banks and money market accounts. The Company's cash is primarily deposited at
three financial institutions. The Company maintains cash due from banks in
excess of the bank's insured deposit limits. The Company does not believe it is
exposed to any significant credit risk on these deposits. As part of certain
financial covenants related to debt facilities, the Company is required to
maintain a minimum unrestricted cash balance.

FINANCE RECEIVABLES, NET OF UNEARNED INCOME

         Finance receivables are presented at cost. All Finance receivable
Contracts are held for investment and include automobile installment sales
contracts on which interest is pre-computed and added to the amount financed.
The interest on such Contracts is included in unearned finance charges. Unearned
finance charges are amortized using the interest method over the contractual
term of the receivables. Generally, payments received on finance receivables are
restricted to certain securitized pools, and the related Contracts cannot be
resold. Finance receivables are charged off pursuant to the controlling
documents of certain securitized pools, generally before they become
contractually delinquent five payments. Contracts that are deemed uncollectible
prior to the maximum delinquency period are charged off immediately. Management
may authorize an extension of payment terms if collection appears likely during
the next calendar month.


                                      F-9
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


         The Company's portfolio of finance receivables consists of
smaller-balance homogeneous Contracts that are collectively evaluated for
impairment on a portfolio basis. The Company reports delinquency on a
contractual basis. Once a Contract becomes greater than 90 days delinquent, the
Company does not recognize additional interest income until the borrower under
the Contract makes sufficient payments to be less than 90 days delinquent. Any
payments received by a borrower that is greater than 90 days delinquent is first
applied to accrued interest and then to principal reduction.

ALLOWANCE FOR FINANCE CREDIT LOSSES

         In order to estimate an appropriate allowance for losses to be incurred
on finance receivables, the Company uses a loss allowance methodology commonly
referred to as "static pooling," which stratifies its finance receivable
portfolio into separately identified pools based on their period of origination.
Using analytical and formula driven techniques, the Company estimates an
allowance for finance credit losses, which management believes is adequate for
probable credit losses that can be reasonably estimated in its portfolio of
finance receivable Contracts. Provision for loss is charged to the Company's
Consolidated Statement of Operations. Net losses incurred on finance receivables
are charged to the allowance. Management evaluates the adequacy of the allowance
by examining current delinquencies, the characteristics of the portfolio, the
value of the underlying collateral and historical loss trends. As conditions
change, the Company's level of provisioning and/or allowance may change as well.

CHARGE OFF POLICY

         Delinquent Contracts for which the related financed vehicle has been
repossessed are generally charged off at the earliest of the month in which the
proceeds from the sale of the financed vehicle were received, the month in which
90 days have passed from the date of repossession or the month in which the
Contract becomes 210 days past due (see Repossessed and Other Assets below). The
amount charged off is the remaining principal balance of the Contract, after the
application of the net proceeds from the liquidation of the financed vehicle.
With respect to delinquent Contracts for which the related financed vehicle has
not been repossessed, the remaining principal balance thereof is generally
charged off no later than the end of the month that the Contract becomes 120
days past due for CPS Program receivables, and no later than the end of the
month that the Contract becomes 180 days past due for other receivables.

CONTRACT ACQUISITION FEES AND ORIGINATIONS COSTS

         Upon purchase of a Contract from a Dealer, the Company generally
charges or advances the Dealer an acquisition fee. For Contracts securitized in
pools which were structured as sales for financial accounting purposes, the
acquisition fees associated with Contract purchases were deferred until the
Contracts were securitized, at which time the deferred acquisition fees were
recognized as a component of the gain on sale.

         For Contracts purchased and securitized in pools which are structured
as secured financings for financial accounting purposes, dealer acquisition fees
and deferred originations costs are reduced against the carrying value of
finance receivables and are accreted into earnings as an adjustment to the yield
over the life of the Contract using the interest method.

REPOSSESSED AND OTHER ASSETS

         If a customer fails to make or keep promises for payments, or if the
customer is uncooperative or attempts to evade contact or hide the vehicle, a
supervisor will review the collection activity relating to the account to
determine if repossession of the vehicle is warranted. Generally, such a
decision will occur between the 45th and 90th day past the customer's payment
due date, but could occur sooner or later, depending on the specific
circumstances. At the time the vehicle is repossessed the Company will stop
accruing interest on this Contract, and reclassify the remaining Contract
balance to other assets at its estimated fair value less costs to sell. Included
in other assets in the accompanying balance sheets are repossessed vehicles
pending sale of $10.1 million and $4.2 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005,
respectively.

         Included in Other Assets are non-finance receivable assets totaling
$1.8 million as of December 31, 2006, net of a valuation allowance of $1.9
million. The valuation allowance was established in 2005 and is included in
general and administrative expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statement of
Operations. Included in the $1.9 million valuation allowance is $900,000
associated with related party receivables.


                                      F-10
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


TREATMENT OF SECURITIZATIONS

         Prior to July 2003, dispositions of Contracts in securitization
transactions were structured as sales for financial accounting purposes,
therefore, gain on sale was recognized on those securitization transactions in
which the Company, or a wholly-owned, consolidated subsidiary of the Company,
retained a residual interest in the Contracts that were sold to a wholly-owned,
unconsolidated special purpose subsidiary. These securitization transactions
included "term" securitizations (the purchaser held the Contracts for
substantially their entire term) and "warehouse" securitizations (which financed
the acquisition of the Contracts for future sale into term securitizations).

         The line item "Residual interest in securitizations" on the Company's
Consolidated Balance Sheet represents the residual interests in term
securitizations completed prior to July 2003. This line represents the
discounted sum of expected future cash flows from these securitization trusts.
Since the residual interest is attributable to receivables originated and
securitized prior to the third quarter of 2003, these receivables are nearing
the end of their contractual terms. Moreover, the terms of the securitizations
provide the Company the option to repurchase the underlying receivables from the
trust and retire the related bonds. Such repurchases are referred to as
"clean-ups". When a clean-up takes place, the Company purchases the underlying
receivables and records them on the balance sheet and removes that portion of
the residual interest that is attributable to the trust that is terminated when
the related bonds are retired. The Company conducts such clean-ups as the terms
of the securitizations permit including two each in 2005 and 2006, and one since
December 31, 2006. A portion of the residual interest represents future cash
flows from recoveries on charge offs from clean-up securitizations and will
remain on the balance sheet for some time, even after the clean-up of the final
transaction, until those particular cash flows are realized.

         All subsequent securitizations were structured as secured financings.
The warehouse securitizations are accordingly reflected in the line items
"Finance receivables" and "Warehouse lines of credit" on the Company's
Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the term securitizations are reflected in the
line items "Finance receivables" and "Securitization trust debt."

         The Company's term securitization structure has generally been as
follows:

         The Company sells Contracts it acquires to a wholly-owned Special
Purpose Subsidiary ("SPS"), which has been established for the limited purpose
of buying and reselling the Company's Contracts. The SPS then transfers the same
Contracts to another entity, typically a statutory trust ("Trust"). The Trust
issues interest-bearing asset-backed securities ("Notes"), in a principal amount
equal to or less than the aggregate principal balance of the Contracts. The
Company typically sells these Contracts to the Trust at face value and without
recourse, except that representations and warranties similar to those provided
by the Dealer to the Company are provided by the Company to the Trust. One or
more investors purchase the Notes issued by the Trust (the "Noteholders"); the
proceeds from the sale of the Notes are then used to purchase the Contracts from
the Company. The Company may retain or sell subordinated Notes issued by the
Trust. The Company purchases a financial guaranty insurance policy, guaranteeing
timely payment of interest and ultimate payment of principal on the senior
Notes, from an insurance company (a "Note Insurer"). In addition, the Company
provides "Credit Enhancement" for the benefit of the Note Insurer and the
Noteholders in three forms: (1) an initial cash deposit to a bank account (a
"Spread Account") held by the Trust, (2) overcollateralization of the Notes,
where the principal balance of the Notes issued is less than the principal
balance of the Contracts, and (3) in the form of subordinated Notes. The
agreements governing the securitization transactions (collectively referred to
as the "Securitization Agreements") require that the initial level of Credit
Enhancement be supplemented by a portion of collections from the Contracts until
the level of Credit Enhancement reaches specified, levels which are then
maintained. The specified levels are generally computed as a percentage of the
principal amount remaining unpaid under the related Contracts. The specified
levels at which the Credit Enhancement is to be maintained will vary depending
on the performance of the portfolios of Contracts held by the Trusts and on
other conditions, and may also be varied by agreement among the Company, the
SPS, the Note Insurers and the trustee. Such levels have increased and decreased
from time to time based on performance of the various portfolios, and have also
varied by Securitization Agreement. The Securitization Agreements generally
grant the Company the option to repurchase the sold Contracts from the Trust
(i.e., a "clean-up call") when the aggregate outstanding balance of the
Contracts has amortized to a specified percentage of the initial aggregate
balance.

         The Company's warehouse securitization structures are similar to the
above, except that (i) the SPS that purchases the Contracts pledges the
Contracts to secure promissory notes that it issues, (ii) no increase in the
required amount of Credit Enhancement is contemplated, and (iii) the Company
does not purchase financial guaranty insurance. Upon each sale of Contracts in a
securitization structured as a secured financing, the Company retains on its
Consolidated Balance Sheet the Contracts securitized as assets and records the
Notes issued in the transaction as indebtedness of the Company.


                                      F-11
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


         Under the prior securitizations structured as sales for financial
accounting purposes, the Company removed from its Consolidated Balance Sheet the
Contracts sold and added to its Consolidated Balance Sheet (i) the cash
received, if any, and (ii) the estimated fair value of the ownership interest
that the Company retains in Contracts sold in the securitization. That retained
or residual interest (the "Residual") consists of (a) the cash held in the
Spread Account, if any, (b) overcollateralization, if any, (c) subordinated
Notes retained, if any, and (d) receivables from the Trust, which include the
net interest receivables ("NIRs"). NIRs represent the estimated discounted cash
flows to be received from the Trust in the future, net of principal and interest
payable with respect to the Notes, the premium paid to the Note Insurer, and
certain other expenses. Until the maturity of these transactions, the Company's
Consolidated Balance Sheet will reflect securitization transactions structured
both as sales and as secured financings.

         The Company recognizes gains or losses attributable to the change in
the estimated fair value of the Residuals. Gains in fair value are recognized in
the income statement with losses being recorded as an impairment loss in the
income statement. The Company is not aware of an active market for the purchase
or sale of interests such as the Residuals; accordingly, the Company determines
the estimated fair value of the Residuals by discounting the amount of
anticipated cash flows that it estimates will be released to the Company in the
future (the cash out method), using a discount rate that the Company believes is
appropriate for the risks involved. The anticipated cash flows include
collections from both current and charged off receivables. The Company has used
an effective pre-tax discount rate of 14% per annum, except for certain
collections from charged off receivables related to the Company's
securitizations in 2001 and later, for which the Company has used a discount
rate of 25%.

         The Company receives periodic base servicing fees for the servicing and
collection of the Contracts. In addition, the Company is entitled to the cash
flows from the Trusts that represent collections on the Contracts in excess of
the amounts required to pay principal and interest on the Notes, the base
servicing fees, and the premium paid to the Note Insurer, and certain other fees
(such as trustee and custodial fees). Required principal payments on the Notes
are generally defined as the payments sufficient to keep the principal balance
of the Notes equal to the aggregate principal balance of the related Contracts
(excluding those Contracts that have been charged off), or a pre-determined
percentage of such balance. Where that percentage is less than 100%, the related
Securitization Agreements require accelerated payment of principal until the
principal balance of the Notes is reduced to the specified percentage. Such
accelerated principal payment is said to create "overcollateralization" of the
Notes.

         If the amount of cash required for payment of fees, interest and
principal exceeds the amount collected during the collection period, the
shortfall is withdrawn from the Spread Account, if any. If the cash collected
during the period exceeds the amount necessary for the above allocations, and
there is no shortfall in the related Spread Account or other form of Credit
Enhancement, the excess is released to the Company. If the total Credit
Enhancement amount is not at the required level, then the excess cash collected
is retained in the Trust until the specified level is achieved. Cash in the
Spread Accounts is restricted from use by the Company. Cash held in the various
Spread Accounts is invested in high quality, liquid investment securities, as
specified in the Securitization Agreements. In determining the value of the
Residuals, the Company must estimate the future rates of prepayments,
delinquencies, defaults, default loss severity, and recovery rates, as all of
these factors affect the amount and timing of the estimated cash flows. The
Company's estimates are based on historical performance of comparable Contracts.

         Following a securitization that is structured as a sale for financial
accounting purposes, interest income is recognized on the balance of the
Residuals. In addition, the Company will recognize as a gain additional revenue
from the Residuals if the actual performance of the Contracts is better than the
Company's estimate of the value of the residual. If the actual performance of
the Contracts were worse than the Company's estimate, then a downward adjustment
to the carrying value of the Residuals and a related impairment charge would be
required. In a securitization structured as a secured financing for financial
accounting purposes, interest income is recognized when accrued under the terms
of the related Contracts and, therefore, presents less potential for
fluctuations in performance when compared to the approach used in a transaction
structured as a sale for financial accounting purposes.

         In all the Company's term securitizations, whether treated as secured
financings or as sales, the Company has transferred the receivables (through a
subsidiary) to the securitization trust. The difference between the two
structures is that in securitizations that are treated as secured financings the
Company reports the assets and liabilities of the securitization trust on its
consolidated balance sheet. Under both structures the noteholders' and the
related securitization trusts' recourse to the Company for failure of the
contract obligors to make payments on a timely basis is limited to the Company's
finance receivables, spread accounts and residuals.


                                      F-12
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


SERVICING

         The Company considers the contractual servicing fee received on its
managed portfolio held by non-consolidated subsidiaries to be equal to adequate
compensation. As a result, no servicing asset or liability has been recognized.
Servicing fees received on its managed portfolio held by non-consolidated
subsidiaries are reported as income when earned. Servicing fees received on its
managed portfolio held by consolidated subsidiaries are included in interest
income when earned. Servicing costs are charged to expense as incurred.
Servicing fees receivable, which are included in Other Assets in the
accompanying balance sheets, represent fees earned but not yet remitted to the
Company by the trustee.

FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT

         Furniture and equipment are stated at cost net of accumulated
depreciation. The Company calculates depreciation using the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from three to five
years. Assets held under capital leases and leasehold improvements are amortized
over the lesser of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the related lease
terms. Amortization expense on assets acquired under capital lease is included
with depreciation expense on Company owned assets.

IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND LONG-LIVED ASSETS TO BE DISPOSED OF

         Long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles are reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to
be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset
to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets
are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by
the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of
the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of carrying
amount or fair value less costs to sell.

OTHER INCOME

         Other Income consists primarily of recoveries on previously charged off
MFN Contracts, fees paid to the Company by Dealers for certain direct mail
services the Company provides, refunds of sales taxes paid by obligors under the
Contracts, and, in 2005, $2.7 million in proceeds from sales of previously
charged off Contracts to independent third parties. The recoveries on previously
charged off MFN Contracts relate to Contracts that were acquired in the MFN
acquisition. These recoveries totaled $4.3 million, $4.9 million and $8.0
million for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.
Included in Other Income for the year ended December 31, 2006 is a gain
recognized on the Residual interest in securitizations in the amount of $1.2
million.


                                      F-13
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


EARNINGS PER SHARE

         The following table illustrates the computation of basic and diluted
earnings (loss) per share:

                                                                            -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 2006              2005              2004
                                                                            -------------     -------------     -------------
                                                                                 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
         Numerator:
         Numerator for basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share ....     $      39,555     $       3,372     $     (15,888)
                                                                            =============     =============     =============
         Denominator:
         Denominator for basic earnings (loss) per share
            - weighted average number of common shares
            outstanding during the year ...............................            21,760            21,627            21,111
         Incremental common shares attributable to exercise
            of outstanding options and warrants .......................             2,292             1,886                --
                                                                            -------------     -------------     -------------
         Denominator for diluted earnings (loss) per share ............            24,052            23,513            21,111
                                                                            =============     =============     =============
         Basic earnings (loss) per share ..............................     $        1.82     $        0.16     $       (0.75)
                                                                            =============     =============     =============
         Diluted earnings (loss) per share ............................     $        1.64     $        0.14     $       (0.75)
                                                                            =============     =============     =============

         Incremental shares of 950,000, 639,000 and 1.8 million related to stock
options have been excluded from the diluted earnings (loss) per share
calculation for the year ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively,
because the impact is anti-dilutive.

DEFERRAL AND AMORTIZATION OF DEBT ISSUANCE COSTS

         Costs related to the issuance of debt are deferred and amortized using
the interest method over the contractual or expected term of the related debt.

INCOME TAXES

         The Company and its subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax
return and combined or stand-alone state franchise tax returns for certain
states. The Company utilizes the asset and liability method of accounting for
income taxes, under which deferred income taxes are recognized for the future
tax consequences attributable to the differences between the financial statement
values of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. The Company has estimated a valuation allowance
against that portion of the deferred tax asset whose utilization in future
periods is not more than likely.

PURCHASES OF COMPANY STOCK

         The Company records purchases of its own common stock at cost and
treats the shares as retired.

STOCK OPTION PLAN

         Effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted SFAS No. 123 (revised),
"Share-Based Payment" (SFAS 123(R)) utilizing the modified prospective approach.
Under the modified prospective approach, Employee Costs include all share based
payments granted subsequent to January 1, 2006, based on the grant date fair
value estimated in accordance with the provisions of SFAS 123(R). Prior periods
were not restated to reflect the impact of adopting the new standard.

         Prior to the adoption of SFAS 123(R) we accounted for stock-based
employee compensation plans in accordance with Accounting Principles Board
Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" and related
interpretations, whereby stock options are recorded at intrinsic value equal to
the excess of the share price over the exercise price at the date of grant. For
the periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123(R) we have provided the pro forma
net income (loss), pro forma earnings (loss) per share, and stock based
compensation plan disclosure requirements set forth in SFAS No. 123.


                                      F-14
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


         In December 2005, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
approved accelerated vesting of all the outstanding stock options issued by the
Company. Options to purchase 2,113,998 shares of the Company's common stock,
which would otherwise have vested from time to time through 2010, became
immediately exercisable as a result of the acceleration of vesting. The decision
to accelerate the vesting of the options was made primarily to reduce non-cash
compensation expenses that would have been recorded in the Company's income
statement upon the adoption of SFAS 123(R) in January 2006. The Company
estimates that approximately $3.5 million of future non-cash compensation
expense was eliminated as a result of the acceleration of vesting.

         At the time of the acceleration of vesting, the Company accounted for
its stock options in accordance with Accounting Principals Board Opinion No. 25,
Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees. Consequently, the acceleration of
vesting resulted in non-cash compensation charge of $427,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2005.

         The per share weighted-average fair value of stock options granted
during the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, was $3.39, $3.07, and
$2.30, respectively. That fair value was estimated using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model using the weighted average assumptions noted in the
following table. The Company estimates the expected life of each option as the
average of the vesting period and the contractual life of the option. The
volatility estimate is based on the historical volatility of the Company's stock
over the period that equals the expected life of the option. Volatility
assumptions ranged from 34% to 50% for 2006, 51% to 63% for 2005 and 47% to 64%
for 2004. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield on a US Treasury
bond with a maturity comparable to the expected life of the option. The dividend
yield is estimated to be zero based on the Company's intention not to issue
dividends for the foreseeable future.

                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                             2006         2005         2004
                                         ------------ ------------ -------------
         Expected life (years)........       5.69          6.50         6.50
         Risk-free interest rate......       4.80%         4.32%        4.48%
         Volatility...................         47%           57%          55%
         Expected dividend yield......          -             -            -

         Prior to the adoption of SFAS 123(R) on January 1, 2006, compensation
cost had been recognized for certain stock options in the Consolidated Financial
Statements in accordance with APB Opinion No. 25. Had the Company determined
compensation cost based on the fair value at the grant date for its stock
options under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 ("SFAS 123"),
"Accounting for Stock Based Compensation," the Company's net income (loss) and
earnings (loss) per share would have been adjusted to the pro forma amounts
indicated below.

                                                     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                  -----------------------------
                                                      2005             2004
                                                  ------------     ------------
                                                          (IN THOUSANDS,
                                                              EXCEPT
                                                          PER SHARE DATA)
     Net income (loss)
        As reported .........................     $      3,372     $   (15,888)
        Pro forma ...........................             (648)        (16,808)
     Earnings (loss) per share - basic
        As reported .........................     $       0.16     $     (0.75)
        Pro forma ...........................            (0.03)          (0.80)
     Earnings (loss) per share - diluted
        As reported .........................     $       0.14     $     (0.75)
        Pro forma ...........................            (0.03)          (0.80)


                                      F-15
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

         In February 2006, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 155, "Accounting
for Certain Hybrid Instruments". This statement amends the guidance in FASB
Statements No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities", and No. 140, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial
Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities". Statement 155 allows financial
instruments that have embedded derivatives to be accounted for as a whole
(eliminating the need to bifurcate the derivative from its host) if the holder
elects to account for the whole instrument on a fair value basis. The Statement
also amends Statement 140 to eliminate the prohibition on a qualifying
special-purpose entity from holding a derivative financial instrument that
pertains to a beneficial interest other than another derivative financial
instrument. Statement 155 is effective for all financial instruments acquired or
issued after January 1, 2007. The Company does not believe the adoption of this
statement will have a material effect on the Company's financial position or
operations.

         In March 2006, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 156, "Accounting for
the Servicing of Financial Assets an Amendment to FASB Statement No. 140" (FAS
156). With respect to the accounting for separately recognized servicing assets
and servicing liabilities, this statement: (1) requires an entity to recognize a
servicing asset or servicing liability each time it undertakes an obligation to
service a financial asset by entering into a specific types of servicing
contracts identified in the statement, (2) requires that all separately
recognized servicing assets and servicing liabilities be initially measured at
fair value, if practicable, (3) permits an entity to choose subsequent
measurement methods for each class of separately recognized servicing assets and
servicing liabilities, (4) permits a one-time reclassification of
available-for-sale securities to trading securities by entities with recognized
servicing rights at the initial adoption of this statement, and (5) requires a
separate presentation of servicing assets and servicing liabilities subsequently
measured at fair value in the statement of financial position and additional
disclosures for all separately recognized servicing assets and servicing
liabilities. FAS 156 will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2007. The
Company is currently in the process of evaluating the effects of this Standard,
but does not believe it will have a significant effect on its financial position
or results of operations.

         In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, "Fair Value
Measurements" ("SFAS No. 157"). SFAS No. 157 clarifies the principle that fair
value should be based on the assumptions market participants would use when
pricing an asset or liability and establishes a fair value hierarchy that
prioritizes the information used to develop those assumptions. Under the
standard, fair value measurements would be separately disclosed by level within
the fair value hierarchy. SFAS 157 is effective for the Company on January 1,
2008, with early adoption permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating
SFAS No. 157 but does not believe it will have a significant effect on its
financial position or results of operations.

         In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, "Accounting
for Uncertainty in Income Taxes" ("FIN 48"). FIN 48 clarifies when tax benefits
should be recorded in financial statements, requires certain disclosures of
uncertain tax matters and indicates how any tax reserves should be classified in
a balance sheet. FIN 48 is effective for the Company in the first quarter of
2007. The Company is currently analyzing the effects of the adoption of FIN 48
but currently does not anticipate that the adoption will have a significant
impact on its financial condition or results of operations.

         In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS 159, "The Fair Value Option for
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities-Including an Amendment of FASB
Statement No. 115". SFAS 159 permits an entity to choose to measure many
financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. Most of the
provisions of SFAS 159 are elective, however, the amendment to SFAS 115,
"Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities", applies to
all entities with available for sale or trading securities. SFAS 159 is elective
as of the beginning of an entity's first fiscal year that begins after November
15, 2007. SFAS 159 was recently issued and we are currently assessing the
financial impact the Statement will have on our financial statements.

USE OF ESTIMATES

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, as well as
the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported periods.
Specifically, a number of estimates were made in connection with determining an
appropriate allowance for finance credit losses, valuing the Residuals,
accreting discounts and acquisition fees, amortizing deferred costs and the
recording of deferred tax assets. These are material estimates that could be
susceptible to changes in the near term and, accordingly, actual results could
differ from those estimates.


                                      F-16
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


RECLASSIFICATION

         Certain amounts for the prior years have been reclassified to conform
to the current year's presentation with no impact on previously reported
earnings or shareholders' equity.


(2) RESTRICTED CASH

         Restricted cash comprised the following components:

                                                          DECEMBER 31,
                                                 -----------------------------
                                                     2006             2005
                                                 ------------     ------------
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS)
         Securitization trust accounts .....     $    192,851     $    157,492
         Note purchase facility reserve ....               --               20
         Other .............................              150              150
                                                 ------------     ------------
         Total restricted cash .............     $    193,001     $    157,662
                                                 ============     ============

         Certain of the Company's operating agreements require that the Company
establish cash reserves for the benefit of the other parties to the agreements,
in case those parties are subject to any claims or exposure.

(3) FINANCE RECEIVABLES

  The following table presents the components of Finance Receivables, net of
unearned interest:

                                                                    DECEMBER 31,     DECEMBER 31,
                                                                        2006             2005
                                                                    -----------      -----------
         Finance Receivables                                               (IN THOUSANDS)
           Automobile
             Simple Interest ..................................     $ 1,474,126      $   933,510
             Pre-compute, net of unearned interest ............          29,251           54,693
                                                                    -----------      -----------

             Finance Receivables, net of unearned interest ....       1,503,377          988,203
             Less: Unearned acquisition fees and discounts ....         (22,583)         (16,899)
                                                                    -----------      -----------
             Finance Receivables ..............................     $ 1,480,794      $   971,304
                                                                    ===========      ===========

         Finance receivables totaling $12.2 million and $5.1 million at December
31, 2006 and 2005, respectively, have been placed on non-accrual status as a
result of their delinquency status.

         The following table presents a summary of the activity for the
allowance for credit losses, for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and
2004:

                                                           DECEMBER 31,
                                               ------------------------------------
                                                 2006          2005          2004
                                               --------      --------      --------
                                                          (IN THOUSANDS)
         Balance at beginning of year ....     $ 57,728      $ 42,615      $ 35,889
         Provision for credit losses .....       92,057        58,987        32,574
         Charge-offs .....................      (88,335)      (55,978)      (34,636)
         Recoveries ......................       17,930        12,104         8,788
                                               --------      --------      --------
         Balance at end of year ..........     $ 79,380      $ 57,728      $ 42,615
                                               ========      ========      ========


                                      F-17
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(4) RESIDUAL INTEREST IN SECURITIZATIONS

         The following table presents the components of the residual interest in
securitizations and shown at their discounted amounts:

                                                                                     DECEMBER 31,
                                                                              ---------------------------
                                                                                 2006             2005
                                                                              -----------     -----------
                                                                                    (IN THOUSANDS)

         Cash, commercial paper, United States government securities
            and other qualifying investments (Spread Accounts) ..........     $     9,987     $    12,748
         Receivables from Trusts (NIRs) and recoveries of previously
            charged-off receivables .....................................             808           5,798
         Overcollateralization ..........................................           3,000           6,674
                                                                              -----------     -----------

         Residual interest in securitizations ...........................     $    13,795     $    25,220
                                                                              ===========     ===========

         The following table presents the estimated remaining undiscounted
credit losses included in the fair value estimate of the Residuals as a
percentage of the Company's managed portfolio held by non-consolidated
subsidiaries subject to recourse provisions:

                                                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                  ---------------------------------------------
                                                                                      2006            2005             2004
                                                                                  -----------      -----------      -----------
                                                                                              (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

         Undiscounted estimated credit losses ...............................     $     1,759      $     5,724      $    23,588
         Managed portfolio held by non-consolidated subsidiaries ............          34,850          103,130          233,621
         Undiscounted estimated credit losses as a percentage of managed
         portfolio held by non-consolidated subsidiary ......................            5.05%            5.55%           10.10%


         The key economic assumptions used in measuring all residual interest in
securitizations as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 are included in the table
below. The pre-tax discount rate remained constant at 14%, except for certain
cash flows from charged off receivables related to the Company's securitizations
from 2001 to 2003 where the Company has used a discount rate of 25%. The Company
assumes that it will exercise it's clean-up option to repurchase the underlying
receivables and retire the related bonds prior to the contractual maturity of
the bonds.

                                                                  2006               2005
                                                            ---------------    ---------------
         Prepayment speed (Cumulative) ................      22.7% - 32.5%      22.2% - 35.8%
         Net credit losses (Cumulative) ...............      11.8% - 15.4%      11.9% - 20.2%


         Static pool losses are calculated by summing the actual and projected
future credit losses and dividing them by the original balance of each pool of
assets.


                                      F-18
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


         Key economic assumptions and the sensitivity of the current fair value
of residual cash flows to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in those
assumptions are as follows:

         Carrying amount/fair value of residual interest in securitizations ....     $13,795
         Weighted average life in years ........................................        1.49

         Prepayment Speed Assumption (Cumulative) ..............................   22.7% - 32.5%
         Estimated fair value assuming 10% adverse change ......................     $13,774
         Estimated fair value assuming 20% adverse change ......................      13,754

         Expected Net Credit Losses (Cumulative) ...............................   11.8% - 15.4%
         Estimated fair value assuming 10% adverse change ......................     $13,661
         Estimated fair value assuming 20% adverse change ......................      13,539

         Residual Cash Flows Discount Rate (Annual) ...........................   14.0% - 25.0%
         Estimated fair value assuming 10% adverse change ......................     $13,648
         Estimated fair value assuming 20% adverse change ......................      13,505


         These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution.
As the figures indicate, changes in fair value based on 10% and 20% percent
variation in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the
relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be
linear. Also, in this table, the effect of a variation in a particular
assumption on the fair value of the retained interest is calculated without
changing any other assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may result in
changes in another (for example, increases in market rates may result in lower
prepayments and increased credit losses), which could magnify or counteract the
sensitivities.

         The following table summarizes the cash flows received from (paid to)
the Company's unconsolidated securitization Trusts:

                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              ------------------------------------------------
                                                                  2006              2005              2004
                                                              ------------      ------------      ------------
                                                                                (IN THOUSANDS)

         Releases of cash from Spread Accounts ..........     $      5,565      $      7,420      $     17,175
         Servicing Fees received ........................            2,435             4,490            13,631
         Net deposits to increase Credit Enhancement ....               --                --            (2,106)
         Purchase of delinquent or foreclosed assets ....           (9,068)          (22,682)          (44,473)
         Repurchase of trust assets .....................           (8,064)           (9,658)               --


(5) FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT

         The following table presents the components of furniture and equipment:

                                                                           DECEMBER 31,
                                                                  ----------------------------
                                                                      2006            2005
                                                                  -----------      -----------
                                                                         (IN THOUSANDS)

         Furniture and fixtures .............................     $     3,846      $     3,780
         Computer equipment .................................           5,107            4,815
         Leasing assets .....................................             673              673
         Leasehold improvements .............................             666              666
         Other fixed assets .................................              71               17
                                                                  -----------      -----------
                                                                       10,363            9,951
         Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ....          (9,539)          (8,872)
                                                                  -----------      -----------
                                                                  $       824      $     1,079
                                                                  ===========      ===========

         Depreciation expense totaled $667,000, $654,000 and $660,000 for the
years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.


                                      F-19
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(6) RESTRUCTURING ACCRUALS

MFN MERGER

         In connection with the MFN Merger, the Company subsequently terminated
the MFN origination activities and consolidated certain activities of MFN. In
connection therewith, the Company recognized certain liabilities related to the
costs to exit these activities and terminate the affected employees of MFN.
These activities include service departments such as accounting, finance, human
resources, information technology, administration, payroll and executive
management. Of these liabilities recognized at the merger date in the amount of
$6.2 million, only the accrual related to facility closures remained outstanding
as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 in the amounts of $366,000 and $545,000,
respectively.

TFC MERGER

         In connection with the TFC Merger, the Company consolidated certain
activities of CPS and TFC. As a result of this consolidation, the Company
recognized certain liabilities related to the costs to integrate and terminate
affected employees of TFC. These activities include service departments such as
accounting, finance, human resources, information technology, administration,
payroll and executive management. The total liabilities recognized by the
Company at the time of the merger were $4.5 million. As of December 31, 2006,
none of these liabilities remain outstanding compared with $454,000 outstanding
as of December 31, 2005.

(7) SECURITIZATION TRUST DEBT

         The Company has completed a number of securitization transactions that
are structured as secured borrowings for financial accounting purposes. The debt
issued in these transactions is shown on the Company's consolidated balance
sheets as "Securitization trust debt," and the components of such debt are
summarized in the following table:

                                                                                                      WEIGHTED
                           FINAL        RECEIVABLES                   OUTSTANDING    OUTSTANDING      AVERAGE
                         SCHEDULED       PLEDGED AT                   PRINCIPAL AT   PRINCIPAL AT   INTEREST RATE
                          PAYMENT       DECEMBER 31,     INITIAL      DECEMBER 31,   DECEMBER 31,  AT DECEMBER 31,
        SERIES            DATE (1)         2006         PRINCIPAL         2006           2005            2006
- -------------------- ---------------- -------------- --------------  -------------  -------------  ---------------
                                                  (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
TFC 2003-1              January 2009  $           -  $       52,365  $           -  $       6,557                -
CPS 2003-C                March 2010         15,473          87,500         14,815         30,550            3.57%
CPS 2003-D              October 2010         15,829          75,000         15,191         29,688            3.91%
CPS 2004-A              October 2010         21,519          82,094         21,608         40,225            4.32%
PCR 2004-1                March 2010          9,727          76,257          8,097         22,873            4.00%
CPS 2004-B             February 2011         29,338          96,369         29,437         52,704            4.17%
CPS 2004-C                April 2011         35,565         100,000         35,480         61,779            4.24%
CPS 2004-D             December 2011         48,239         120,000         47,384         82,801            4.44%
CPS 2005-A              October 2011         66,157         137,500         62,610        110,021            5.19%
CPS 2005-B             February 2012         75,747         130,625         70,933        113,194            4.80%
CPS 2005-C                  May 2012        122,947         183,300        117,434        173,509            5.19%
CPS 2005-TFC               July 2012         48,481          72,525         45,444         72,525            5.75%
CPS 2005-D                 July 2012        102,915         145,000        100,615        127,600            5.63%
CPS 2006-A             November 2012        197,493         245,000        195,822            N/A            5.27%
CPS 2006-B              January 2013        227,149         257,500        224,478            N/A            6.31%
CPS 2006-C                 July 2013        236,834         247,500        236,139            N/A            5.65%
CPS 2006-D (2)           August 2013        148,506         220,000        217,508            N/A            5.61%
                                      -------------  --------------  -------------  -------------
                                      $   1,401,919  $    2,328,535  $   1,442,995  $     924,026
                                      =============  ==============  =============  =============

- -----------------
(1)      THE FINAL SCHEDULED PAYMENT DATE REPRESENTS FINAL LEGAL MATURITY OF THE SECURITIZATION TRUST DEBT.
         SECURITIZATION TRUST DEBT IS EXPECTED TO BECOME DUE AND TO BE PAID PRIOR TO THOSE DATES, BASED ON
         AMORTIZATION OF THE FINANCE RECEIVABLES PLEDGED TO THE TRUSTS. EXPECTED PAYMENTS, WHICH WILL DEPEND ON
         THE PERFORMANCE OF SUCH RECEIVABLES, AS TO WHICH THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE, ARE $472.3 MILLION IN 2007,
         $342.2 MILLION IN 2008, $261.3 MILLION IN 2009, $191.4 MILLION IN 2010, $128.3 MILLION IN 2011, AND $47.5
         MILLION IN 2012.
(2)      RECEIVABLES PLEDGED AT DECEMBER 31, 2006 EXCLUDES APPROXIMATELY $70.3 MILLION IN CONTRACTS DELIVERED TO
         THE TRUST IN JANUARY 2007 PURSUANT TO A PRE-FUNDING STRUCTURE.


                                                       F-20
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


         All of the securitization trust debt was issued in private placement
transactions to qualified institutional investors. The debt was issued through
wholly-owned, bankruptcy remote subsidiaries of CPS, TFC or MFN, and is secured
by the assets of such subsidiaries, but not by other assets of the Company.
Principal and interest payments are guaranteed by financial guaranty insurance
policies.

         The terms of the various Securitization Agreements related to the
issuance of the securitization trust debt require that certain delinquency and
credit loss criteria be met with respect to the collateral pool, and require
that the Company maintain minimum levels of liquidity and net worth and not
exceed maximum leverage levels and maximum financial losses. The Company was in
compliance with all such covenants as of December 31, 2006.

         The Company is responsible for the administration and collection of the
Contracts. The Securitization Agreements also require certain funds be held in
restricted cash accounts to provide additional collateral for the borrowings or
to be applied to make payments on the securitization trust debt. As of December
31, 2006, restricted cash under the various agreements totaled approximately
$192.9 million. Interest expense on the securitization trust debt is composed of
the stated rate of interest plus amortization of additional costs of borrowing.
Additional costs of borrowing include facility fees, insurance premiums, and
amortization of transaction costs. Deferred financing costs related to the
securitization trust debt are amortized using the interest method. Accordingly,
the effective cost of borrowing of the securitization trust debt is greater than
the stated rate of interest.

         The wholly-owned, bankruptcy remote subsidiaries of CPS, MFN and TFC
were formed to facilitate the above asset-backed financing transactions. Similar
bankruptcy remote subsidiaries issue the debt outstanding under the Company's
warehouse lines of credit. Bankruptcy remote refers to a legal structure in
which it is expected that the applicable entity would not be included in any
bankruptcy filing by its parent or affiliates. All of the assets of these
subsidiaries have been pledged as collateral for the related debt. All such
transactions, treated as secured financings for accounting and tax purposes, are
treated as sales for all other purposes, including legal and bankruptcy
purposes. None of the assets of these subsidiaries are available to pay other
creditors of the Company or its affiliates.

(8) DEBT

         The terms of the Company's significant debt outstanding at December 31,
2006 and 2005 are summarized below:

                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                             ----------------------
                                                                               2006         2005
                                                                               ----         ----
                                                                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

    RESIDUAL INTEREST FINANCING
    Notes secured by the Company's residual interests in securitizations. The
    notes outstanding at December 31, 2005, with a remaining balance of $19.2
    million at December 31, 2006, were issued in November 2005 with issuance
    costs of $915,000. They are secured by 10 securitizations, bear interest at
    a blended rate of 8.70% per annum and have a final maturity of July 2011. Of
    the notes outstanding at December 31, 2006, $12.2 million are secured by
    retained interests in six more recent securitizations. These notes were
    issued in December 2006 with issuance costs of $437,500, bear interest at
    6.125% over LIBOR
    and have a final maturity of December 2013.                                 $31,378      $43,745


                                      F-21
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                             ----------------------
                                                                               2006          2005
                                                                               ----          ----
                                                                                 (IN THOUSANDS)
    SENIOR SECURED DEBT, RELATED PARTY
    Notes payable to Levine Leichtman Capital Partners II, L.P. ("LLCP"). The
    notes consists of separate term notes that each bear interest at 11.75% per
    annum, require monthly interest payments and are due in May 2007, after
    having been amended from higher rates and earlier maturities. The Company
    incurred issuance and amendment fees aggregating $1.3 million in relation to
    these notes. The notes are secured by all assets of the Company that are not
    pledged to securitization debt or residual interest debt and are the last in
    a series of borrowings from LLCP that have taken place since November 1998,
    which have also included the issuances to LLCP of warrants to purchase the
    Company's common stock. As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, a warrant to
    purchase 1,000 shares of common stock at $.01 per share remained outstanding
    and will expire in April 2009.
                                                                                $25,000       $40,000

    SUBORDINATED DEBT
    Notes bearing interest at 12.50% per annum at December 31, 2005. The Company
    incurred issuance costs of $1.1 million when the notes were issued in
    December 1995 and repaid at their
    maturity date in January 2006.                                                   --       $14,000

    SUBORDINATED RENEWABLE NOTES
    Notes bearing interest ranging from 6.15% to 13.85%, with a weighted average
    rate of 9.84%, and with maturities from January 2007 to December 2016 with a
    weighted average maturity of September 2008. The Company began issuing the
    notes in June 2005 and incurred issuance costs of $250,000. Payments are
    made monthly, quarterly, annually or upon maturity based on the terms
    of the individual notes.                                                    $13,574        $4,655
                                                                            ------------ -------------
                                                                                $69,952      $102,400
                                                                            ============ =============

         The costs incurred in conjunction with the above debt are recorded as
deferred financing costs on the accompanying balance sheets and is more fully
described in Note 1.

         The Company must comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants
related to debt facilities, which require, among other things, that the Company
maintain certain financial ratios related to liquidity, net worth,
capitalization and maximum financial losses. Further covenants include matters
relating to investments, acquisitions, restricted payments and certain dividend
restrictions.


                                      F-22
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


         The following table summarizes the contractual and expected maturity
amounts of debt as of December 31, 2006:

            CONTRACTUAL           RESIDUAL                             RENEWABLE
             MATURITY             INTEREST            SENIOR         SUBORDINATED
               DATE              FINANCING (1)     SECURED DEBT          NOTES             TOTAL
          ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  (IN THOUSANDS)
               2007              $     10,947      $     25,000       $     5,842      $     41,789
               2008                     7,649                 -             2,938            10,587
               2009                    12,782                 -             3,371            16,153
               2010                         -                 -               467               467
               2011                         -                 -               851               851
            Thereafter                      -                 -               105               105
                               ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 $     31,378      $     25,000       $    13,574      $     69,952
                               =====================================================================

- -----------------

(1) THE CONTRACTUAL MATURITY DATE FOR THE RESIDUAL INTEREST FINANCING IS JULY
    2011. THE NOTES ARE EXPECTED TO BE PAID PRIOR TO THAT DATE, BASED ON THE
    AMORTIZATION OF THE RELATED SECURITIZATIONS. SINCE THE AMORTIZATION OF THE
    RELATED SECURITIZATIONS IS BASED ON THE PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING
    FINANCE RECEIVABLES, THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE AS TO THE EXACT TIMING OF
    PAYMENTS.

(9) SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

COMMON STOCK

         Holders of common stock are entitled to such dividends as the Company's
Board of Directors, in its discretion, may declare out of funds available,
subject to the terms of any outstanding shares of preferred stock and other
restrictions. In the event of liquidation of the Company, holders of common
stock are entitled to receive, pro rata, all of the assets of the Company
available for distribution, after payment of any liquidation preference to the
holders of outstanding shares of preferred stock. Holders of the shares of
common stock have no conversion or preemptive or other subscription rights and
there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common
stock.

         The Company is required to comply with various operating and financial
covenants defined in the agreements governing the warehouse lines of credit,
senior debt, and subordinated debt. The covenants restrict the payment of
certain distributions, including dividends (See Note 8.).

         Included in compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2006,
2005, and 2004, is $244,000, $644,000, and $271,000 related to the amortization
of deferred compensation expense and valuation of stock options.

STOCK PURCHASES

         During 2000, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the Company to
purchase up to $5 million of Company securities. In October 2002, the Board of
Directors authorized the purchase of an additional $5 million of outstanding
debt or equity securities. In October 2004, the Board of Directors authorized
the purchase of an additional $5.0 million of outstanding debt or equity
securities. As of December 31, 2006, the Company had purchased $5.0 million in
principal amount of the debt securities, and $9.8 million of its common stock,
representing 3,101,046 shares.

OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

         In July 1997, the Company adopted and its shareholders approved the
1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "1997 Plan") pursuant to which the Company's
Board of Directors may grant stock options, restricted stock and stock
appreciation rights to employees, directors or employees of entities in which
the Company has a controlling or significant equity interest. Options that have
been granted under the 1997 Plan have been granted at an exercise price equal to
(or greater than) the stock's fair market value at the date of the grant, with
terms of 10 years and vesting generally over five years. Subsequent amendments
to the 1997 Plan have increased the aggregate maximum 6,900,000 shares.


                                      F-23
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


         In 2006, the Company adopted and its shareholders approved the CPS 2006
Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (the "2006 Plan") pursuant to which the
Company's Board of Directors, or a duly-authorized committee thereof, may grant
stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock appreciation
rights to employees of the Company or its subsidiaries, to directors of the
Company, and to individuals acting as consultants to the Company or its
subsidiaries. The maximum number of shares that may be subject to awards under
the 2006 Plan is 1,500,000. Options that have been granted under the 2006 Plan
have been granted at an exercise price equal to (or greater than) the stock's
fair market value at the date of the grant, with terms of 10 years and vesting
generally over five years.

         Effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 123(R), "Share-Based Payment, revised 2004" ("SFAS
123R"), prospectively for all option awards granted, modified or settled after
January 1, 2006, using the modified prospective method. Under this method, the
Company recognizes compensation costs in the financial statements for all
share-based payments granted subsequent to January 1, 2006 based on the grant
date fair value estimated in accordance with the provisions of SFAS 123(R).
Results for prior periods have not been restated.

         For the year ended December 31, 2006, the Company recorded stock-based
compensation costs in the amount of $244,000. As of December 31, 2006,
unrecognized stock-based compensation costs to be recognized over future periods
equaled $3.2 million. This amount will be recognized as expense over a
weighted-average period of 4.6 years.

         At December 31, 2006, the aggregate intrinsic value of options
outstanding and exercisable was $12.8 million and $13.2 million, respectively.
The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $2.2 million, $1.3 million,
and $1.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004,
respectively. New shares were issued for all options exercised during the years
ended December 31, 2006 and 2005. At December 31, 2006, there were a total of
582,131 additional shares available for grant under the 2006 Plan and the 1997
Plan.

         Stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2006 are as
follows:

                                                                                                       WEIGHTED
                                                              NUMBER OF           WEIGHTED             AVERAGE
                                                                SHARES             AVERAGE            REMAINING
                                                            (IN THOUSANDS)     EXERCISE PRICE      CONTRACTUAL TERM
                                                           -----------------  ------------------  -------------------
         Options outstanding at the beginning of period               4,864   $            3.38           N/A
            Granted                                                   1,055                6.82           N/A
            Exercised                                                 (553)                2.77           N/A
            Forefeited                                                 (14)                5.22           N/A
                                                           -----------------  ------------------  -------------------
         Options outstanding at the end of period                     5,352   $            4.11        7.22 years
                                                           =================  ==================  ===================

         Options exercisable at the end of period                     4,297   $            3.45        6.58 years
                                                           =================  ==================  ===================

         The per share weighted average fair value of stock options granted
whose exercise price was equal to the market price of the stock on the grant
date during the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, was $3.39, $2.77,
and $2.30, respectively.

         The per share weighted average fair value and exercise price of stock
options granted whose exercise price was above the market price of the stock on
the grant date during the year ended December 31, 2005 was $3.61 and $6.00,
respectively. The Company did not issue any stock options above the market price
of the stock during the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2004.

         The Company did not issue any stock options with an exercise price
below the market price of the stock on the grant date.


                                      F-24
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


         On November 17, 1998, in conjunction with the issuance of a $25.0
million subordinated promissory note to an affiliate of LLCP, the Company issued
warrants to purchase up to 3,450,000 shares of common stock at $3.00 per share,
exercisable through November 30, 2005. In April 1999, in conjunction with the
issuance of $5.0 million of an additional subordinated promissory note to an
affiliate of LLCP, the Company issued additional warrants to purchase 1,335,000
shares of the Company's common stock at $0.01 per share to LLCP. As part of the
purchase agreement, the existing warrants to purchase 3,450,000 shares at $3.00
per share were exchanged for warrants to purchase 3,115,000 shares at a price of
$0.01 per share. The aggregate value of the warrants, $12.9 million, which is
comprised of $3.0 million from the original warrants issued in November 1998 and
$9.9 million from the repricing and additional warrants issued in April 1999, is
reported as deferred interest expense to be amortized over the expected life of
the related debt, five years. As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, 1,000 warrants
remained unexercised which expire in April 2009. Such warrants and the 4,449,000
shares of common stock issued, upon the exercise of such warrants, have not been
registered for public sale. However, the holder has the right to require the
Company register the warrants and common stock for public sale in the future.

         The Company on August 4, 2005, issued six-year warrants with respect to
272,000 shares of its common stock, in a transaction exempted from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 as a transaction not
involving a public offering. The warrants are exercisable at $4.85 per share,
and were issued to the lender's nominee in settlement of a claim against the
Company that arose out of a loan of $500,000 made in September 1998. The Company
and the claimant dispute whether the loan was to the Company or to Stanwich
Financial Services Corp. ("Stanwich"). The Company received in exchange for the
warrants an assignment of the lender's claim in bankruptcy against Stanwich, as
well as a release of all claims against the Company. The Company estimated the
value of the warrants to be $794,000 using a Black-Scholes model, assuming a
risk-free interest rate of 3.41%, a six year life and stock price volatility of
63%. The Company included the value of the warrant, net of a previously recorded
accrual of $500,000, in general & administrative expense for the year ended
December 31, 2005.


                                      F-25
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(10) INTEREST INCOME

         The following table presents the components of interest income:

                                                       YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                  ----------------------------------
                                                    2006         2005         2004
                                                  --------     --------     --------
                                                            (IN THOUSANDS)

         Interest on Finance Receivables ....     $251,609     $163,552     $ 99,701
         Residual interest income ...........        5,656        5,338        4,634
         Other interest income ..............        6,301        2,944        1,483
                                                  --------     --------     --------

         Net interest income ................     $263,566     $171,834     $105,818
                                                  ========     ========     ========

         As a result of the uncertainty of collection of the residual assets,
the Company ceased accruing interest on the residual assets from May 2004
through December 2004. In January 2005, the Company resumed accretion of
interest on the residual assets after it determined that there was no longer any
significant uncertainty as to the collection of the assets.

(11) INCOME TAXES

  Income taxes consist of the following:

                                                                YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                   -------------------------------------------------
                                                       2006               2005              2004
                                                   ------------       ------------      ------------
                                                                     (IN THOUSANDS)
         Current:
            Federal ..........................     $     19,036       $      5,340      $        712
            State ............................            1,193              1,687               862
                                                   ------------       ------------      ------------

                                                         20,229              7,027             1,574

         Deferred:
            Federal ..........................           (9,660)            (3,537)           (5,859)
            State ............................            4,877            (2,114)           (2,282)
            Change in valuation allowance ....          (41,801)            (1,376)            6,567
                                                   ------------       ------------      ------------
                                                        (46,584)            (7,027)           (1,574)
                                                   ------------       ------------      ------------

                   Income tax benefit ........     $    (26,355)      $         --      $         --
                                                   ============       ============      ============

         The Company's effective tax expense/(benefit) for the years ended
December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, differs from the amount determined by applying
the statutory federal rate of 35% to income (loss) before income taxes as
follows:

                                                                           YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                                                    2006             2005              2004
                                                                 -----------      -----------       -----------
                                                                                (IN THOUSANDS)

         Expense (benefit) at federal tax rate .............     $     4,620      $     1,180       $    (5,561)
         State taxes, net of federal income tax benefit ....           5,585             (277)           (1,015)
         Other adjustments to tax reserve ..................           5,136               --                --
         Effect of change in state tax rate ................             486               --                --
         Valuation allowance ...............................         (41,801)          (1,376)            6,567
         Other .............................................            (381)             473                 9
                                                                 -----------      -----------       -----------
                                                                 $   (26,355)     $        --       $        --
                                                                 ===========      ===========       ===========


                                      F-26
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


         The tax effected cumulative temporary differences that give rise to
deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 are as
follows:

                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                                    ------------------------------
                                                        2006               2005
                                                    ------------      ------------
                                                            (IN THOUSANDS)

         DEFERRED TAX ASSETS:
         Finance receivables ..................     $     30,777      $     20,303
         Accrued liabilities ..................            1,297             2,415
         Furniture and equipment ..............              524               359
         NOL carryforwards and BILs ...........           30,682            34,863
         Pension Accrual ......................               --             1,632
         Other ................................              846               (21)
                                                    ------------      ------------
            Total deferred tax assets .........           64,126            59,551
         Valuation allowance ..................           (9,361)          (51,162)
                                                    ------------      ------------
                                                          54,765             8,389
                                                    ------------      ------------

         DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES:
         NIRs .................................               --              (857)
         Pension Accrual ......................              (96)               --
                                                    ------------      ------------
            Total deferred tax liabilities ....              (96)             (857)
                                                    ------------      ------------

            Net deferred tax asset ............     $     54,669      $      7,532
                                                    ============      ============

         As part of the MFN and TFC Mergers, CPS acquired certain net operating
losses and built-in loss assets. Moreover, both MFN and TFC have undergone an
ownership change for purposes of Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") Section 382. In
general, IRC Section 382 imposes an annual limitation on the ability of a loss
corporation (that is, a corporation with a net operating loss ("NOL")
carryforward, credit carryforward, or certain built-in losses ("BILs")) to
utilize its pre-change NOL carryforwards or BILs to offset taxable income
arising after an ownership change. The Company has a valuation allowance of $9.4
million against MFN's deferred tax assets, as it is not more than likely that
these amounts will be realized in the future. The Company has no valuation
allowance against the TFC deferred tax assets, as it is more than likely that
these amounts will be realized in the future.

         In determining the possible future realization of deferred tax assets,
the Company considers the taxes paid in the current and prior years that may be
available to recapture as well as future taxable income from the following
sources: (a) reversal of taxable temporary differences; (b) future operations
exclusive of reversing temporary differences; and (c) tax planning strategies
that, if necessary, would be implemented to accelerate taxable income into years
in which net operating losses might otherwise expire. As a result of the
Company's analysis of all available evidence, both positive and negative as of
the end of the fourth quarter of 2006, it was considered more likely than not
that a full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was not required,
resulting in the reversal of a portion of the valuation allowance previous
recorded against deferred tax assets and generating a $41.8 million tax benefit
recorded in the statement of operations. As of December 31, 2006, we believe it
is more likely than not that the amount of the deferred tax assets recorded on
our balance sheet as a result of the partial release of the valuation allowance
will ultimately be recovered. As of December 31, 2006, a valuation allowance of
approximately $9.4 million remained recorded against the deferred tax assets.
However, should there be a change in our ability to recover our deferred tax
assets, our tax provision would increase in the period in which we determine
that recovery is not more than likely.

         As of December 31, 2006, the Company has net operating loss
carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of $17.4 million (all of
which is subject to annual IRC 382 limitations) and $20.3 million, respectively,
which are available to offset future taxable income, if any, subject to annual
IRC Section 382 limitations, through 2021 and 2012-2013, respectively.

         The statute of limitations on certain of the Company's tax returns are
open and the returns could be audited by the various tax authorities. From time
to time, there may be differences in opinions with respect to the tax treatment
accorded to certain transactions. When, and if, such differences occur and
become probable and estimable, such amounts will be recognized.


                                      F-27
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


         The Company's tax returns for the years 2003 and 2004 are currently
under examination by the California Franchise Tax Board. The Company does not
expect that the results of this examination will have a material effect on its
financial condition or results of operations.

(12) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

LOANS TO OFFICERS TO EXERCISE CERTAIN STOCK OPTIONS

         During 2002, the Company's Board of Directors approved a program under
which officers of the Company would be advanced amounts sufficient to enable
them to exercise certain of their outstanding options. Such loans were available
for a limited period of time, and available only to exercise previously repriced
options. The loans bear interest at a rate of 5.50% per annum, and are due in
2007. At December 31, 2006 and 2005, there was $407,000 and $434,000,
respectively outstanding related to these loans. Such amounts have been recorded
as contra-equity within common stock in the Shareholders' Equity section of the
Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet.

(13) COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

LEASES

         The Company leases its facilities and certain computer equipment under
non-cancelable operating leases, which expire through 2010. Future minimum lease
payments at December 31, 2006, under these leases are due during the years ended
December 31 as follows:

                                                 AMOUNT
                                               ----------
                                              (IN THOUSANDS)

         2007 ............................     $    3,892
         2008 ............................          2,518
         2009 ............................            452
         2010 ............................            204
                                               ----------

         Total minimum lease payments ....     $    7,066
                                               ==========

         Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, was
$3.9 million, $3.4 million, and $3.5 million, respectively.

         The Company's facility leases contain certain rental concessions and
escalating rental payments, which are recognized as adjustments to rental
expense and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases.

         During 2006, 2005 and 2004, the Company received $194,000, $482,000 and
$385,000, respectively, of sublease income, which is included in occupancy
expense. Future minimum sublease payments totaled $31,000 at December 31, 2006.

LITIGATION

         STANWICH LITIGATION. CPS was for some time a defendant in a class
action (the "Stanwich Case") brought in the California Superior Court, Los
Angeles County. The original plaintiffs in that case were persons entitled to
receive regular payments (the "Settlement Payments") under out-of-court
settlements reached with third party defendants. Stanwich Financial Services
Corp. ("Stanwich"), an affiliate of the former chairman of the board of
directors of CPS, is the entity that was obligated to pay the Settlement
Payments. Stanwich defaulted on its payment obligations to the plaintiffs and in
June 2001 filed for reorganization under the Bankruptcy Code, in the federal
bankruptcy court in Connecticut. At December 31, 2004, CPS was a defendant only
in a cross-claim brought by one of the other defendants in the case, Bankers
Trust Company, which asserted a claim of contractual indemnity against CPS.

         CPS subsequently settled the cross-claim of Bankers Trust by payment of
$3.24 million, in February 2005. Pursuant to that settlement, the court has
dismissed the cross-claim, with prejudice.

         In November 2001, one of the defendants in the Stanwich Case, Jonathan
Pardee, asserted claims for indemnity against the Company in a separate action,
which is now pending in federal district court in Rhode Island. The Company has
filed counterclaims in the Rhode Island federal court against Mr. Pardee, and
has filed a separate action against Mr. Pardee's Rhode Island attorneys, in the
same court. The litigation between Mr. Pardee and CPS is stayed, awaiting
resolution of an adversary action brought against Mr. Pardee in the bankruptcy
court, which is hearing the bankruptcy of Stanwich.


                                      F-28
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


         CPS has reached an agreement in principle with the representative of
creditors in the Stanwich bankruptcy to resolve the adversary action. Under the
agreement in principle, CPS would pay the bankruptcy estate $625,000 and abandon
its claims against the estate, while the estate would abandon its adversary
action against Mr. Pardee. A hearing to consider that agreement is scheduled for
March 2007. If approved, CPS expects that the agreement will result in (i)
limitation of its exposure to Mr. Pardee to no more than some portion of his
attorneys fees incurred and (ii) stays in Rhode Island being lifted, causing
those cases to become active again. There can be no assurance as to these
expectations nor as to whether the court will approve the proposed agreement.

         The reader should consider that an adverse judgment against CPS in the
Rhode Island case for indemnification, if in an amount materially in excess of
any liability already recorded in respect thereof, could have a material adverse
effect.

         OTHER LITIGATION. On June 2, 2004, Delmar Coleman filed a lawsuit in
the circuit court of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, alleging that plaintiff Coleman was
harmed by an alleged failure to refer, in the notice given after repossession of
her vehicle, to the right to purchase the vehicle by tender of the full amount
owed under the retail installment contract. Plaintiff seeks damages in an
unspecified amount, on behalf of a purported nationwide class. CPS removed the
case to federal bankruptcy court, and filed a motion for summary judgment as
part of its adversary proceeding against the plaintiff in the bankruptcy court.
The federal bankruptcy court granted the plaintiff's motion to send the matter
back to Alabama state court. CPS appealed that ruling to the federal district
court. That court ordered the bankruptcy court to decide whether the plaintiff
has standing to pursue her claims and, if standing is found, to reconsider its
remand decision. The matter is currently pending before the bankruptcy court.
Although we believe that we have one or more defenses to each of the claims made
in this lawsuit, no discovery has yet been conducted and the case is still in
its earliest stages. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to its outcome.

         In June 2004, Plaintiff Jeremy Henry filed a lawsuit against the
Company in the California Superior Court, San Diego County, alleging improper
practices related to the notice given after repossession of a vehicle that he
purchased. Plaintiff's motion for a certification of a class has been denied,
and is the subject of an appeal now before the California Court of Appeal.
Irrespective of the outcome of that appeal, as to which there can be no
assurance, the Company has a number of defenses that may dispose of the claims
of plaintiff Henry.

         In August and September 2005, two plaintiffs represented by the same
law firm filed substantially identical lawsuits in the federal district court
for the northern district of Illinois, each of which purports to be a class
action, and each of which alleges that CPS improperly accessed consumer credit
information. CPS has reached agreements in principle to settle these cases. One
of the settlements has received final approval from the court and the other has
received preliminary approval. Notice of the settlements has been sent to the
class.

         The Company has recorded a liability as of December 31, 2006 that it
believes represents a sufficient allowance for legal contingencies. Any adverse
judgment against the Company, if in an amount materially in excess of the
recorded liability, could have a material adverse effect on the financial
position of the Company. The Company is involved in various other legal matters
arising in the normal course of business. Management believes that any liability
as a result of those matters would not have a material effect on the Company's
financial position.

(14) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

         The Company sponsors a pretax savings and profit sharing plan (the
"401(k) Plan") qualified under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Under the 401(k) Plan, eligible employees are able to contribute up to 15% of
their compensation (subject to stricter limitation in the case of highly
compensated employees). The Company may, at its discretion, match 100% of
employees' contributions up to $1,500 per employee per calendar year. The
Company's contributions to the 401(k) Plan were $520,000, $439,000 and $409,000
for the year ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

         The Company also sponsors the MFN Financial Corporation Pension Plan
("the Plan"). The Plan benefits were frozen June 30, 2001.

         In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158, "Employers' Accounting
for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans - an amendment of
FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106 and 132(R)" ("SFAS No. 158"). SFAS No. 158
requires an employer that sponsors one or more single-employer defined benefit
plans to (a) recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of a benefit plan in
its statement of financial position, (b) recognize as a component of other


                                      F-29
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


comprehensive income, net of tax, the gains or losses and prior service costs or
credits that arise during the period but are not recognized as components of net
periodic benefit cost pursuant to SFAS No. 87, "Employers' Accounting for
Pensions", or SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits
Other Than Pensions", (c) measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations as
of the date of the employer's fiscal year-end, and (d) disclose in the notes to
financial statements additional information about certain effects on net
periodic benefit cost for the next fiscal year that arise from delayed
recognition of the gains or losses, prior service costs or credits, and
transition asset or obligation. SFAS No. 158 was adopted by the Company in the
fourth quarter of 2006. The adoption did not have a significant impact on the
Company's financial position or results of operations. The disclosure
requirements of this standard are included herein.

         The following tables set forth the plan's benefit obligations, fair
value of plan assets, and amounts recognized at December 31, 2006 and 2005:

                                                                           DECEMBER 31,
                                                                  ------------------------------
                                                                      2006              2005
                                                                  ------------      ------------
                                                                          (IN THOUSANDS)
         CHANGE IN PROJECTED BENEFIT OBLIGATION
         Projected benefit obligation, beginning of year ....     $     15,799      $     13,683
         Service cost .......................................               --                --
         Interest cost ......................................              876               845
         Actuarial (gain) loss ..............................             (494)            1,867
         Benefits paid ......................................             (725)             (596)
                                                                  ------------      ------------
            Projected benefit obligation, end of year .......     $     15,456      $     15,799
                                                                  ============      ============


         The accumulated benefit obligation for the plan was $15.5 million and
$15.8 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.


         CHANGE IN PLAN ASSETS
         Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year ....     $     13,812      $     13,287
         Return on assets ................................            1,770               973
         Employer contribution ...........................              900               207
         Expenses ........................................              (61)              (59)
         Benefits paid ...................................             (725)             (596)
                                                               ------------      ------------
            Fair value of plan assets, end of year .......     $     15,696      $     13,812
                                                               ============      ============

                                                                                     DECEMBER 31,
                                                                              --------------------------
                                                                                 2006            2005
                                                                              ----------      ----------
                                                                                   (IN THOUSANDS)
         BENEFIT OBLIGATION RECOGNIZED IN OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
         Net loss (gain) ................................................     $   (1,223)     $    2,044
         Prior service cost (credit) ....................................             --              --
         Amortization of prior service cost .............................             --              --
                                                                              ----------      ----------
            Net amount recognized in other comprehensive income .........     $   (1,223)     $    2,044
                                                                              ==========      ==========


                                      F-30
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

         Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations and
cost at December 31, 2006 and 2005 were as follows:

         WEIGHTED AVERAGE ASSUMPTIONS USED TO DETERMINE BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
         Discount rate ...............................................................        5.88%     5.50%

         WEIGHTED AVERAGE ASSUMPTIONS USED TO DETERMINE NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COST
         Discount rate ...............................................................        5.50%     5.50%
         Expected return on plan assets ..............................................        8.50%     8.50%


         The Company's overall expected long-term rate of return on assets is
8.50% per annum as of December 31, 2006. The expected long-term rate of return
is based on the weighted average of historical returns on individual asset
categories, which are described in more detail below.

                                                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                       -------------------------
                                                                                         2006            2005
                                                                                       ---------       ---------
                                                                                            (IN THOUSANDS)
         AMOUNTS RECOGNIZED ON CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
         Other assets ............................................................     $     240       $      --
         Other liabilities .......................................................            --          (1,987)
                                                                                       ---------       ---------
            Net amount recognized ................................................     $     240       $  (1,987)
                                                                                       =========       =========


         AMOUNTS RECOGNIZED IN ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME CONSISTS OF:
         Net loss (gain) .........................................................     $   2,838       $   4,071
         Unrecognized transition asset ...........................................            --             (10)
                                                                                       ---------       ---------
            Net amount recognized ................................................     $   2,838       $   4,061
                                                                                       =========       =========

         COMPONENTS OF NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COST
         Interest Cost ...........................................................     $     876       $     845
         Expected return on assets ...............................................        (1,149)         (1,104)
         Amortization of transition asset ........................................           (10)            (35)
         Amortization of net  loss ...............................................           179              48
                                                                                       ---------       ---------
            Net periodic benefit cost ............................................     $    (104)      $    (246)
                                                                                       =========       =========

         UNFUNDED ACCUMULATED BENEFIT OBLIGATION AT YEAR-END
         Projected Benefit Obligation ............................................     $     N/A       $  15,799
         Accumulated Benefit Obligation ..........................................           N/A          15,799
         Fair Value of Plan Assets ...............................................           N/A          13,812


         The weighted average asset allocation of the Company's pension benefits
at December 31, 2006 and 2005 were as follows:

         WEIGHTED AVERAGE ASSET ALLOCATION AT YEAR-END

         ASSET CATEGORY
         Equity securities ...........................      79%      75%
         Debt securities .............................      21%      25%
                                                          ------   ------
            Total ....................................     100%     100%
                                                          ======   ======


                                      F-31
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


CASH FLOWS

         EXPECTED BENEFIT PAYOUTS
         2007 ..............................................    $          552
         2008 ..............................................               604
         2009 ..............................................               608
         2010 ..............................................               625
         2011 ..............................................               699
         Years 2012 - 2016 .................................             4,281

         Anticipated Contributions in 2007 .................    $            -


         The Company's investment policies and strategies for the pension
benefits plan utilize a target allocation of 70% equity securities and 30% fixed
income securities. The Company's investment goals are to maximize returns
subject to specific risk management policies. The Company addresses risk
management and diversification by the use of a professional investment advisor
and several sub-advisors which invest in domestic and international equity
securities and domestic fixed income securities. Each sub-advisor focuses its
investments within a specific sector of the equity or fixed income market. For
the sub-advisors focused on the equity markets, the sectors are differentiated
by the market capitalization and the relative valuation of the underlying
issuer. For the sub-advisors focused on the fixed income markets, the sectors
are differentiated by the credit quality and the maturity of the underlying
fixed income investment. The investments made by the sub-advisors are readily
marketable and can be sold to fund benefit payment obligations as they become
payable.

(15) FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

         The following summary presents a description of the methodologies and
assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the Company's financial
instruments. Much of the information used to determine fair value is highly
subjective. When applicable, readily available market information has been
utilized. However, for a significant portion of the Company's financial
instruments, active markets do not exist. Therefore, considerable judgments were
required in estimating fair value for certain items. The subjective factors
include, among other things, the estimated timing and amount of cash flows, risk
characteristics, credit quality and interest rates, all of which are subject to
change. Since the fair value is estimated as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, the
amounts that will actually be realized or paid at settlement or maturity of the
instruments could be significantly different. The estimated fair values of
financial assets and liabilities at December 31, 2006 and 2005, were as follows:

                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                       -------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 2006                          2005
                                                       -------------------------     -------------------------
                                                        CARRYING         FAIR          CARRYING       FAIR
         FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT                            VALUE           VALUE          VALUE         VALUE
         -----------------------------------------     ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------
                                                                          (IN THOUSANDS)

         Cash and cash equivalents ...............     $   14,215     $   14,215     $   17,789     $   17,789
         Restricted cash and equivalents .........        193,001        193,001        157,662        157,662
         Finance receivables, net ................      1,401,414      1,401,414        913,576        913,576
         Residual interest in securitizations ....         13,795         13,795         25,220         25,220
         Accrued interest receivable .............         17,043         17,043         10,930         10,930
         Note receivable and accrued interest ...          2,371          2,371          2,178          2,178
         Warehouse lines of credit ...............         72,950         72,950         35,350         35,350
         Notes payable ...........................             45             45            211            211
         Accrued interest payable ................          3,870          3,870          1,971          1,971
         Residual interest financing .............         31,378         31,378         43,745         43,745
         Securitization trust debt ...............      1,442,995      1,441,881        924,026        914,901
         Senior secured debt .....................         25,000         25,000         40,000         40,000
         Subordinated renewable notes ............         13,574         13,574          4,655          4,655
         Subordinated debt .......................             --             --         14,000         14,000


                                      F-32
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH

         The carrying value equals fair value.

FINANCE RECEIVABLES, NET

         The carrying value approximates fair value because the related interest
rates are estimated to reflect current market conditions for similar types of
instruments.

RESIDUAL INTEREST IN SECURITIZATIONS

         The fair value is estimated by discounting future cash flows using
credit and discount rates that the Company believes reflect the estimated
credit, interest rate and prepayment risks associated with similar types of
instruments.

ACCRUED INTEREST RECEIVABLE AND PAYABLE

         The carrying value approximates fair value because the related interest
rates are estimated to reflect current market conditions for similar types of
instruments.

NOTE RECEIVABLE

         The fair value is estimated by discounting future cash flows using
credit and discount rates that the Company believes reflect the estimated credit
and interest rate risks associated with similar types of instruments.

WAREHOUSE LINES OF CREDIT, NOTES PAYABLE, RESIDUAL INTEREST FINANCING, AND
SENIOR SECURED DEBT AND SUBORDINATED RENEWABLE NOTES

         The carrying value approximates fair value because the related interest
rates are estimated to reflect current market conditions for similar types of
secured instruments.

SECURITIZATION TRUST DEBT

  The fair value is estimated by discounting future cash flows using interest
rates that the Company believes reflect the current market rates.

SUBORDINATED DEBT

         The fair value is based on a market quote.


(16) LIQUIDITY

         Our business requires substantial cash to support purchases of
automobile contracts and other operating activities. Our primary sources of cash
have been cash flows from operating activities, including proceeds from sales of
automobile contracts, amounts borrowed under various revolving credit facilities
(also sometimes known as warehouse credit facilities), servicing fees on
portfolios of automobile contracts previously sold in securitization
transactions or serviced for third parties, customer payments of principal and
interest on finance receivables, fees for origination of automobile contracts,
and releases of cash from securitized portfolios of automobile contracts in
which we have retained a residual ownership interest and from the spread
accounts associated with such pools. Our primary uses of cash have been the
purchases of automobile contracts, repayment of amounts borrowed under lines of
credit and otherwise, operating expenses such as employee, interest, occupancy
expenses and other general and administrative expenses, the establishment of
spread accounts and initial overcollateralization, if any, and the increase of
credit enhancement to required levels in securitization transactions, and income
taxes. There can be no assurance that internally generated cash will be
sufficient to meet our cash demands. The sufficiency of internally generated
cash will depend on the performance of securitized pools (which determines the
level of releases from those portfolios and their related spread accounts), the
rate of expansion or contraction in our managed portfolio, and the terms upon
which we are able to purchase, sell, and borrow against automobile contracts.

         Net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December
31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $57.1 million, $36.7 million and $10.0 million,
respectively. Cash from operating activities is generally provided by net income
from our operations. The increase in 2006 vs. 2005, and 2005 vs. 2004, is due in
part to our increased net earnings before the significant increase in the
provision for credit losses.

         Net cash used in investing activities for the years ended December 31,
2006, 2005 and 2004, was $568.4 million, $411.7 million, and $314.1 million,
respectively. Cash used in investing activities generally relates to purchases
of automobile contracts. Purchases of finance receivables held for investment
were $1,019.0 million, $691.3 million and $506.0 million in 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively.


                                      F-33
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


         Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December
31, 2006, was $507.7 million compared with $378.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2005 and $285.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2004. Cash
used or provided by financing activities is primarily attributable to the
issuance or repayment of debt. We issued $1,003.6 million of securitization
trust debt in 2006 as compared to $662.4 million in 2005 and $474.7 million in
2004.

         We purchase automobile contracts from dealers for a cash price
approximating their principal amount, adjusted for an acquisition fee which may
either increase or decrease the automobile contract purchase price. Those
automobile contracts generate cash flow, however, over a period of years. As a
result, we have been dependent on warehouse credit facilities to purchase
automobile contracts, and on the availability of cash from outside sources in
order to finance our continuing operations, as well as to fund the portion of
automobile contract purchase prices not financed under revolving warehouse
credit facilities. As of December 31, 2006, we had $400 million in warehouse
credit capacity, in the form of two $200 million facilities. One $200 million
facility provides funding for automobile contracts purchased under the TFC
Programs while both warehouse facilities provide funding for automobile
contracts purchased under the CPS Programs. On June 29, 2005, we terminated a
third facility in the amount of $125 million, which we had utilized to fund
automobile contracts under the CPS and TFC Programs.

         The first of two warehouse facilities mentioned above is structured to
allow us to fund a portion of the purchase price of automobile contracts by
drawing against a floating rate variable funding note issued by our consolidated
subsidiary Page Three Funding, LLC. This facility was established on November
15, 2005, and expires on November 14, 2007, although it is renewable with the
mutual agreement of the parties. On November 8, 2006 the facility was increased
from $150 million to $200 million and the advance was increased to 83% from 80%
of eligible contracts, subject to collateral tests and certain other conditions
and covenants. Notes under this facility accrue interest at a rate of one-month
LIBOR plus 2.00% per annum. At December 31, 2006, $45.2 million was outstanding
under this facility.

         The second of two warehouse facilities is similarly structured to allow
us to fund a portion of the purchase price of automobile contracts by drawing
against a floating rate variable funding note issued by our consolidated
subsidiary Page Funding LLC. This facility was entered into on June 30, 2004. On
June 29, 2005 the facility was increased from $100 million to $125 million and
further amended to provide for funding for automobile contracts purchased under
the TFC programs, in addition to our CPS programs. The available credit under
the facility was increased again to $200 million on August 31, 2005. In April
2006, the terms of this facility were amended to allow advances to us of up to
80% of the principal balance of automobile contracts that we purchase under our
CPS programs, and of up to 70% of the principal balance of automobile contracts
that we purchase under our TFC programs, in all events subject to collateral
tests and certain other conditions and covenants. On June 30, 2006, the terms of
this facility were amended to allow advances to us of up to 83% of the principal
balance of automobile contracts that we purchase under our CPS programs, in all
events subject to collateral tests and certain other conditions and covenants.
Notes under this facility accrue interest at a rate of one-month LIBOR plus
2.00% per annum. The lender has annual termination options at its sole
discretion on each June 30 through 2007, at which time the agreement expires. At
December 31, 2006, $27.8 million was outstanding under this facility.

         The balance outstanding under these warehouse facilities generally will
increase as we purchase additional automobile contracts, until we effect a
securitization utilizing automobile contracts warehoused in the facilities, at
which time the balance outstanding will decrease.

         We securitized $957.7 million of automobile contracts in four private
placement transactions during the year ended December 31, 2006, as compared to
$674.4 million of automobile contracts in five private placement transactions
during the year ended December 31, 2005. All of these transactions were
structured as secured financings and, therefore, resulted in no gain on sale. In
March 2004, one of our wholly-owned bankruptcy remote consolidated subsidiaries
issued $44.0 million of asset-backed notes secured by its retained interest in
eight term securitization transactions. The notes had an interest rate of 10.0%
per annum and a final maturity in October 2009 and were required to be repaid
from the distributions on the underlying retained interests. In connection with
the issuance of the notes, we incurred and capitalized issuance costs of $1.3
million. We repaid the notes in full in August 2005. In November 2005, we
completed a similar securitization whereby a wholly-owned bankruptcy remote
consolidated subsidiary of ours issued $45.8 million of asset-backed notes
secured by its retained interest in 10 term securitization transactions. These
notes, which bear interest at a blended interest rate of 8.70% per annum and
have a final maturity in July 2011, are required to be repaid from the
distributions on the underlying residual interests. In connection with the
issuance of the notes, we incurred and capitalized issuance costs of $915,000.


                                      F-34
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


         In December 2006 we entered into a $35 million residual credit facility
that is secured by our retained interests in more recent term securitizations.
This facility, which bears interest at LIBOR plus 6.125%, allows for new
borrowings over a two-year period and then amortizes over a five-year period. At
December 31, 2006, there was $12.2 million outstanding under this facility and
was secured by our retained interests in six term securitization transactions.

         Cash released from trusts and their related spread accounts to us
related to the portfolio owned by consolidated subsidiaries for the years ended
December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $16.5 million, $23.1 million and $21.4
million, respectively. Changes in the amount of credit enhancement required for
term securitization transactions and releases from trusts and their related
spread accounts are affected by the structure of the credit enhancement and the
relative size, seasoning and performance of the various pools of automobile
contracts securitized that make up our managed portfolio to which the respective
spread accounts are related. The trend in our recent securitizations has been
towards credit enhancements that require a lower proportion of spread account
cash and a greater proportion of over-collateralization. This trend has led to
somewhat lower levels of restricted cash and releases from trusts relative to
the size of our managed portfolio.

         The acquisition of automobile contracts for subsequent sale in
securitization transactions, and the need to fund spread accounts and initial
overcollateralization, if any, and increase credit enhancement levels when those
transactions take place, results in a continuing need for capital. The amount of
capital required is most heavily dependent on the rate of our automobile
contract purchases, the required level of initial credit enhancement in
securitizations, and the extent to which the previously established trusts and
their related spread accounts either release cash to us or capture cash from
collections on securitized automobile contracts. We may be limited in our
ability to purchase automobile contracts due to limits on our capital. As of
December 31, 2006, we had unrestricted cash on hand of $14.2 million and
available capacity from our warehouse credit facilities of $327.0 million.
Warehouse capacity is subject to the availability of suitable automobile
contracts to serve as collateral and of sufficient cash to fund the portion of
such automobile contracts purchase price not advanced under the warehouse
facilities. Our plans to manage the need for liquidity include the completion of
additional securitizations that would provide additional credit availability
from the warehouse credit facilities, and matching our levels of automobile
contract purchases to our availability of cash. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to complete securitizations on favorable economic terms or that
we will be able to complete securitizations at all. If we are unable to complete
such securitizations, we may be unable to purchase automobile contracts and
interest income and other portfolio related income would decrease.

         Our primary means of ensuring that our cash demands do not exceed our
cash resources is to match our levels of automobile contract purchases to our
availability of cash. Our ability to adjust the quantity of automobile contracts
that we purchase and securitize will be subject to general competitive
conditions and the continued availability of warehouse credit facilities. There
can be no assurance that the desired level of automobile contract purchases can
be maintained or increased. While the specific terms and mechanics of each
spread account vary among transactions, our securitization agreements generally
provide that we will receive excess cash flows only if the amount of credit
enhancement has reached specified levels and/or the delinquency, defaults or net
losses related to the automobile contracts in the pool are below certain
predetermined levels. In the event delinquencies, defaults or net losses on the
automobile contracts exceed such levels, the terms of the securitization: (i)
may require increased credit enhancement to be accumulated for the particular
pool; (ii) may restrict the distribution to us of excess cash flows associated
with other pools; or (iii) in certain circumstances, may permit the insurers to
require the transfer of servicing on some or all of the automobile contracts to
another servicer. There can be no assurance that collections from the related
trusts will continue to generate sufficient cash.

         Certain of our securitization transactions and the warehouse credit
facilities contain various financial covenants requiring certain minimum
financial ratios and results. Such covenants include maintaining minimum levels
of liquidity and net worth and not exceeding maximum leverage levels and maximum
financial losses. In addition, certain securitization and non-securitization
related debt contain cross-default provisions that would allow certain creditors
to declare a default if a default occurred under a different facility.

         The agreements under which we receive periodic fees for servicing
automobile contracts in securitizations are terminable by the respective
insurance companies upon defined events of default, and, in some cases, at the
will of the insurance company. Were an insurance company in the future to
exercise its option to terminate such agreements, such a termination could have
a material adverse effect on our liquidity and results of operations, depending
on the number and value of the terminated agreements. Our note insurers continue
to extend our term as servicer on a monthly and/or quarterly basis, pursuant to
the servicing agreements.


                                      F-35
<PAGE>

               CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(17) SELECTED QUARTERLY DATA (UNAUDITED)

                                             QUARTER         QUARTER         QUARTER          QUARTER
                                              ENDED           ENDED           ENDED            ENDED
                                            MARCH 31,        JUNE 30,      SEPTEMBER 30,    DECEMBER 31,
                                           -----------      -----------     -----------     -----------
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

2006
Revenues .............................     $    58,024      $    67,233     $    73,713     $    79,893
Income before income taxes ...........           1,790            2,627           4,265           4,518
Net income ...........................           1,790            2,627           4,265          30,873
Income per share:
   Basic .............................     $      0.08      $      0.12     $      0.20     $      1.43
   Diluted ...........................            0.07             0.11            0.18            1.30
2005
Revenues .............................     $    41,833      $    47,776     $    49,374     $    54,714
Income (loss) before income taxes ....            (239)             545           1,398           1,668
Net income (loss) ....................            (239)             545           1,398           1,668
Income (loss) per share:
   Basic .............................     $     (0.01)     $      0.03     $      0.06     $      0.08
   Diluted ...........................           (0.01)            0.02            0.06            0.07


                                                     F-36
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cps_10k-ex1005.txt
<DESCRIPTION>THIRD AMENDED SALE AND SERVICING AGR
<TEXT>
<PAGE>



                                  EXHIBIT 10.5



             THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT

                                      AMONG

                              PAGE FUNDING LLC, AS
                              PURCHASER AND ISSUER,

                      CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AS
                              SELLER AND SERVICER,


                                       AND

                     WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

                                       AS
                          BACKUP SERVICER AND TRUSTEE,



                                   DATED AS OF
                                FEBRUARY 14, 2007







<PAGE>
<TABLE>

                                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS
<S>       <C>
                                                                                                               PAGE
                                                                                                               ----


ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS.............................................................................................1
   SECTION 1.1. Definitions.......................................................................................1
   SECTION 1.2. Other Definitional Provisions.....................................................................1
   SECTION 1.3. Calculations......................................................................................2

ARTICLE II CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES..............................................................................2
   SECTION 2.1. Conveyance of Receivables.........................................................................2
   SECTION 2.2. Transfers Intended as Sales.......................................................................6
   SECTION 2.3. Further Encumbrance of Receivables and Other Conveyed Property....................................6

ARTICLE III THE RECEIVABLES.......................................................................................7
   SECTION 3.1. Representations and Warranties of Seller..........................................................7
   SECTION 3.2. Repurchase Upon Breach; Section  341 Meeting.....................................................14
   SECTION 3.3. Custody of Receivable Files and Pledged Subordinate Securities...................................15
   SECTION 3.4. Acceptance of Receivable Files by Trustee; Missing Certificates of Title.........................16
   SECTION 3.5. Access to Receivable Files and Pledged Subordinate Securities....................................16
   SECTION 3.6. Trustee to Obtain Fidelity Insurance.............................................................17
   SECTION 3.7. Trustee to Maintain Secure Facilities............................................................17

ARTICLE IV ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES...........................................................17
   SECTION 4.1. Duties of the Servicer...........................................................................17
   SECTION 4.2. Collection of Receivable Payments; Modifications of Receivables; Lockbox Agreements..............18
   SECTION 4.3. Realization Upon Receivables.....................................................................19
   SECTION 4.4. Insurance........................................................................................19
   SECTION 4.5. Maintenance of Security Interests in Vehicles....................................................20
   SECTION 4.6. Additional Covenants of Servicer.................................................................21
   SECTION 4.7. Purchase of Receivables Upon Breach of Covenant..................................................21
   SECTION 4.8. Servicing Fee....................................................................................22
   SECTION 4.9. Servicer's Certificate...........................................................................22
   SECTION 4.10. Annual Statement as to Compliance, Notice of Servicer Termination Event.........................22
   SECTION 4.11. Independent Accountants' Reports................................................................22
   SECTION 4.12. Independent Accountants' Review of Receivable Files.............................................23
   SECTION 4.13. Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding Receivables...........................23
   SECTION 4.14. Verification of Servicer's Certificate..........................................................23
   SECTION 4.15. Retention and Termination of Servicer...........................................................25
   SECTION 4.16. Errors and Omissions Policy and Fidelity Bond...................................................25
   SECTION 4.17. Subservicing Arrangements.......................................................................25

ARTICLE V ACCOUNTS; DISTRIBUTIONS; STATEMENTS TO THE NOTEHOLDER..................................................26
   SECTION 5.1. Establishment of Pledged Accounts................................................................26
   SECTION 5.2. Establishment of Deposit Account.................................................................27
   SECTION 5.3. Certain Reimbursements to the Servicer...........................................................28
   SECTION 5.4. Application of Collections.......................................................................28
   SECTION 5.5. [Reserved].......................................................................................28
   SECTION 5.6. Deposits Into the Collection Account.............................................................28
   SECTION 5.7. Distributions....................................................................................28
   SECTION 5.8. Note Distribution Account........................................................................30
   SECTION 5.9. Statements to Noteholders........................................................................33
   SECTION 5.10. Dividend of Ineligible Receivables..............................................................34

ARTICLE VI [RESERVED]............................................................................................35


                                                         i
<PAGE>
                                                 TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                    (continued)

ARTICLE VII THE PURCHASER........................................................................................35
   SECTION 7.1. Representations of Purchaser.....................................................................35

ARTICLE VIII THE SELLER..........................................................................................37
   SECTION 8.1. Representations of Seller........................................................................37
   SECTION 8.2. Additional Covenants of the Seller...............................................................40
   SECTION 8.3. Liability of Seller; Indemnities.................................................................41
   SECTION 8.4. Merger or Consolidation Of, or Assumption of the Obligations Of, Seller..........................42
   SECTION 8.5. [Reserved].......................................................................................43
   SECTION 8.6. Reporting Requirements...........................................................................43

ARTICLE IX THE SERVICER..........................................................................................43
   SECTION 9.1. Representations and Covenants of Servicer........................................................43
   SECTION 9.2. Liability of Servicer; Indemnities...............................................................45
   SECTION 9.3. Merger or Consolidation Of, or Assumption of the Obligations of the Servicer or Backup Servicer..46
   SECTION 9.4. [Reserved].......................................................................................47
   SECTION 9.5. Delegation of Duties.............................................................................47
   SECTION 9.6. Servicer and Backup Servicer Not to Resign.......................................................47

ARTICLE X DEFAULT................................................................................................48
   SECTION 10.1. Servicer Termination Events.....................................................................48
   SECTION 10.2. Consequences of a Servicer Termination Event or Non-extension of Term of Servicer...............49
   SECTION 10.3. Appointment of Successor........................................................................50
   SECTION 10.4. Notification to the Noteholders and Note Purchasers.............................................51
   SECTION 10.5. Waiver of Past Defaults.........................................................................51
   SECTION 10.6. Action Upon Certain Failures of the Servicer....................................................51
   SECTION 10.7. Continued Errors................................................................................51

ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS..............................................................................51
   SECTION 11.1. Amendment.......................................................................................51
   SECTION 11.2. Protection of Title to Property.................................................................52
   SECTION 11.3. Notices.........................................................................................54
   SECTION 11.4. Assignment......................................................................................55
   SECTION 11.5. Limitations On Rights of Others.................................................................55
   SECTION 11.6. Severability....................................................................................55
   SECTION 11.7. Separate Counterparts...........................................................................55
   SECTION 11.8. Headings........................................................................................55
   SECTION 11.9. Governing Law...................................................................................55
   SECTION 11.10. Assignment to Trustee..........................................................................56
   SECTION 11.11. Nonpetition Covenants..........................................................................56
   SECTION 11.12. Limitation of Liability of Trustee.............................................................56
   SECTION 11.13. Independence of the Servicer...................................................................56
   SECTION 11.14. No Joint Venture...............................................................................56
   SECTION 11.15. Intention of Parties Regarding Delaware Securitization Act.....................................56
   SECTION 11.16. Special Supplemental Agreement.................................................................57
   SECTION 11.17. Full Recourse to the Issuer and the  Purchaser.................................................57
   SECTION 11.18. Acknowledgement of Roles.......................................................................57
   SECTION 11.19. Termination....................................................................................57
   SECTION 11.20. Submission to JurisdictioN.....................................................................57
   SECTION 11.21. Waiver of Trial by Jury........................................................................58
   SECTION 11.22. Process Agent..................................................................................58
   SECTION 11.23. Set-off........................................................................................58

                                                         ii
<PAGE>

   SECTION 11.24. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.................................................................59
   SECTION 11.25. Merger and Integration.........................................................................59
   SECTION 11.26. Intercreditor Agreement to Control.............................................................59
   SECTION 11.27. Controlling Note Purchaser; Majority Noteholders of Highest Priority Class.....................59
   SECTION 11.28. No Novation....................................................................................60
   SECTION 11.29. Survival of Representations, Warranties and Indemnities........................................60



ANNEXES

Annex A             Defined Terms

Annex B             List of Non-Certificated Title States

SCHEDULES

Schedule A     -    Schedule of Receivables

Schedule B     -    Location for Delivery of Receivable Files

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A      -    Form of Servicer's Certificate

Exhibit B      -    Form of Trust Receipt

Exhibit C      -    Form of Release Request

Exhibit D      -    [Reserved]

Exhibit E      -    Form of TFC Assignment

Exhibit F      -    Form of Assignment

Exhibit G      -    Form of Addition Notice

                                                        iii
</TABLE>


<PAGE>


         THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT (this
"AGREEMENT") dated as of February 14, 2007, among PAGE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (in its capacities as Purchaser, the "PURCHASER" and
as Issuer, the "ISSUER"), CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC., a California
corporation (in its capacities as Seller, the "SELLER" and as Servicer, the
"SERVICER," respectively), WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national
banking association (in its capacities as Backup Servicer, the "BACKUP SERVICER"
and as Trustee, the "TRUSTEE," respectively).

         WHEREAS, the Purchaser desires to purchase, from time to time,
portfolios of receivables arising in connection with motor vehicle retail
installment sale contracts acquired by Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., from
motor vehicle dealers and independent finance companies;

         WHEREAS, the Purchaser intends to finance such purchases by issuing
Class A Notes and Class B Notes, each of which shall be secured by, among other
assets, the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property, pursuant to the
Indenture (as defined below);

         WHEREAS, the Seller is willing to sell such Receivables and the Other
Conveyed Property to the Purchaser from time to time;

         WHEREAS the Servicer is willing to service all such Receivables; and

         WHEREAS, the Purchaser, the Issuer, the Servicer, the Seller, the
Backup Servicer, the Trustee and the Noteholders desire to amend and restate the
Original Sale and Servicing Agreement as hereinafter set forth.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I
                                    ---------

                                   DEFINITIONS
                                   -----------

     SECTION 1.1 DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not
otherwise defined in this Agreement, shall have the meanings set forth in Annex
A attached hereto.

     SECTION 1.2 OTHER DEFINITIONAL PROVISIONS.

          (a) All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined
     meanings when used in any instrument governed hereby and in any certificate
     or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise
     defined therein.

          (b) Accounting terms used but not defined or partly defined in this
     Agreement, in any instrument governed hereby or in any certificate or other
     document made or delivered pursuant hereto, to the extent not defined,
     shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP as in effect on
     the date of determination or any such instrument, certificate or other
     document, as applicable. To the extent that the definitions of accounting
     terms in this Agreement or in any such instrument, certificate or other
     document are inconsistent with the meanings of such terms under GAAP, the
     definitions contained in this Agreement or in any such instrument,
     certificate or other document shall control.

          (c) The words "HEREOF," "HEREIN," "HEREUNDER" and words of similar
     import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole
     and not to any particular provision of this Agreement.

          (d) Section, Schedule and Exhibit references contained in this
     Agreement are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to this
     Agreement unless otherwise specified; and the term "INCLUDING" shall mean
     "INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION."

                                      -1-
<PAGE>

          (e) The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the
     singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as
     well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such terms.

          (f) Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein
     or in any instrument or certificate delivered in connection herewith means
     such agreement, instrument or statute as the same may from time to time be
     amended, modified or supplemented in accordance with the terms thereof and
     includes (in the case of agreements or instruments) references to all
     attachments and instruments associated therewith; all references to a
     Person include its permitted successors and assigns.

     SECTION 1.3. CALCULATIONS. Other than as expressly set forth herein or in
any of the other Basic Documents, all calculations of the amount of the
Servicing Fee, Backup Servicing Fee and the Trustee Fee shall be made on the
basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. All calculations of
the Class A Unused Facility Fee, the Class A Noteholders' Monthly Interest
Distributable Amount and the Class B Noteholders' Monthly Interest Distributable
Amount shall be made on the basis of the actual number of days in the Accrual
Period and 360 days in the calendar year. All references to the Principal
Balance of a Receivable as of the last day of an Accrual Period shall refer to
the close of business on such day.

                                   ARTICLE II
                                   ----------

                            CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES
                            -------------------------

     SECTION 2.1. CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES.

          (a) In consideration of the Purchaser's delivery to or upon the order
     of the Seller on any Funding Date of the Purchase Price therefor, the
     Seller does hereby sell, transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to
     the Purchaser, without recourse (subject to the obligations set forth
     herein) all right, title and interest of the Seller, whether now existing
     or hereafter arising, in, to and under:

               (i) the Receivables listed in Schedule A to each Assignment
          executed and delivered by the Seller on such Funding Date;

               (ii) all monies received under the Receivables on and after the
          related Cutoff Date and all Net Liquidation Proceeds received with
          respect to the Receivables on and after the related Cutoff Date;

               (iii) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles and any
          accessions thereto granted by Obligors pursuant to the related
          Contracts and any other interest of the Seller in such Financed
          Vehicles, including, without limitation, the certificates of title or,
          with respect to such Receivables that finance a vehicle in the States
          listed in ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued by the applicable
          Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority in such States, with
          respect to such Financed Vehicles;

               (iv) any proceeds from claims on any Receivables Insurance
          Policies or certificates relating to the Financed Vehicles securing
          the Receivables or the Obligors thereunder;

               (v) all proceeds from recourse against Dealers or Consumer
          Lenders with respect to the Receivables and all other rights (but none
          of the obligations) of the Seller arising out of or with respect to
          the Receivables under any agreements with Dealers or Consumer Lenders;

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

               (vi) refunds for the costs of extended service contracts with
          respect to Financed Vehicles securing the Receivables, refunds of
          unearned premiums with respect to credit life and credit accident and
          health insurance policies or certificates covering an Obligor or
          Financed Vehicle under a Receivable or his or her obligations with
          respect to a Financed Vehicle and any recourse to Dealers or Consumer
          Lenders for any of the foregoing;

               (vii) the Receivable File related to each Receivable and all
          other documents that the Seller keeps on file in accordance with its
          customary procedures relating to the Receivables for Obligors of the
          Financed Vehicles;

               (viii) all amounts and property from time to time held in or
          credited to the Collection Account or the Lockbox Accounts;

               (ix) all property (including the right to receive future Net
          Liquidation Proceeds) that secures a Receivable that has been acquired
          by or on behalf of the Seller or the Purchaser pursuant to a
          liquidation of such Receivable;

               (x) the proceeds from any Servicer's errors and omissions policy
          or fidelity bond, to the extent such proceeds relate to any
          Receivable, Financed Vehicle or other Collateral;

               (xi) each TFC Assignment; and

               (xii) all present and future claims, demands, causes and choses
          in action in respect of any or all of the foregoing and all payments
          on or under and all proceeds of every kind and nature whatsoever in
          respect of any or all of the foregoing, including all proceeds of the
          conversion, voluntary or involuntary, into cash or other liquid
          property, all cash proceeds, accounts, accounts receivable, notes,
          drafts, acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts,
          insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, rights to payment of any and
          every kind and other forms of obligations and receivables, instruments
          and other property which at any time constitute all or part of or are
          included in the proceeds of any of the foregoing.

          (b) The Seller shall transfer to the Purchaser the Receivables and the
     Other Conveyed Property described in PARAGRAPH (A) above only upon the
     satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth below on or prior to the
     related Funding Date. In addition to constituting conditions precedent to
     any purchase hereunder and under each Assignment, the following shall also
     be conditions precedent to any Advance on any Funding Date under the terms
     of the applicable Note Purchase Agreement:

               (i) the Seller shall have provided the Purchaser, Trustee, the
          applicable Note Purchaser and the applicable Noteholders with an
          Addition Notice substantially in the form of EXHIBIT G hereto (which
          shall include a supplement to the Schedule of Receivables) not later
          than three (3) Business Days prior to such Funding Date and shall have
          provided any information reasonably requested by any of the foregoing
          with respect to the Issuer, the Servicer and the Related Receivables;

               (ii) the Seller shall, to the extent required by SECTION 4.2 of
          this Agreement, have deposited in the Collection Account all
          collections received on and after the Cutoff Date in respect of the
          Related Receivables to be purchased on such Funding Date;

               (iii) as of each Funding Date, (A) the Seller shall not be
          insolvent and shall not become insolvent as a result of the transfer
          of Related Receivables on such Funding Date, (B) the Seller shall not
          intend to incur or believe that it shall incur debts that would be
          beyond its ability to pay as such debts mature, (C) such transfer
          shall not have been made with actual intent to hinder, delay or
          defraud any Person and (D) the assets of the Seller shall not
          constitute unreasonably small capital to carry out its business as
          then conducted;

               (iv) if such Funding Date is a Class A Funding Date, the Class A
          Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred;

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

               (v) if such Funding Date is a Class B Funding Date, the Class B
          Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred;

               (vi) the Servicer shall have established one or more Lockbox
          Accounts acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser;

               (vii) each of the representations and warranties made by the
          Seller pursuant to SECTION 3.1 and the other Basic Documents with
          respect to the Related Receivables to be purchased on such Funding
          Date shall be true and correct as of the related Funding Date and the
          Seller shall have performed all obligations to be performed by it
          hereunder or in any Assignment on or prior to such Funding Date;

               (viii) the Seller shall, at its own expense, on or prior to the
          Funding Date, indicate in its computer files that the Related
          Receivables to be purchased on such Funding Date have been sold to the
          Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement or an Assignment, as applicable,
          and have been pledged by the Purchaser to the Trustee for the benefit
          of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders under the Indenture;

               (ix) the Seller shall have taken all action required to maintain
          (A) the first priority perfected ownership interest of the Purchaser
          in the Related Receivables and Other Conveyed Property, (B) subject to
          the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the first
          priority perfected security interest of the Trustee in the Collateral
          for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, (C) the
          first priority perfected security interest of the Trustee in the
          Pledged Subordinate Securities for the benefit of the Class B Note
          Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders, and (D) subject to the terms
          and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the second priority
          perfected security interest of the Bear Indenture Trustee in the UBS
          Cross Collateral (subject only to the Lien granted pursuant to
          Granting Clause I of the Indenture) for the benefit of the Class B
          note purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic
          Documents;

               (x) no selection procedures adverse to the interests of any Note
          Purchaser or any Noteholder shall have been utilized in selecting the
          Related Receivables to be sold on such Funding Date;

               (xi) the addition of any such Related Receivables to be purchased
          on such Funding Date shall not result in a material adverse tax
          consequence to any Noteholder, any Note Purchaser or the Purchaser;

               (xii) the Seller shall have delivered to each Noteholder, the
          applicable Note Purchaser and the Trustee an Officers' Certificate
          confirming the satisfaction of each condition precedent specified in
          this paragraph (b);

               (xiii) if such Funding Date is a Class A Funding Date, no Class A
          Funding Termination Event, Servicer Termination Event, or any event
          that, with the giving of notice or the passage of time, or both, would
          constitute a Class A Funding Termination Event or Servicer Termination
          Event, shall have occurred and be continuing;

               (xiv) if such Funding Date is a Class B Funding Date, no Class B
          Funding Termination Event, Servicer Termination Event, or any event
          that, with the giving of notice or the passage of time, or both, would
          constitute a Class B Funding Termination Event or Servicer Termination
          Event, shall have occurred and be continuing;

               (xv) the Trustee shall have confirmed receipt of the related
          Receivable File for each Related Receivable included in the applicable
          Borrowing Base calculation and shall have delivered an original Trust
          Receipt to the Controlling Note Purchaser and a copy thereof to the
          applicable Noteholders and the other Note Purchasers with respect to
          the Receivable Files related to the Related Receivables to be
          purchased on such Funding Date;

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

               (xvi) the Seller shall have filed or caused to be filed all
          necessary UCC-l financing statements (or amendments thereto) necessary
          to maintain (in each case assuming for purposes of this clause (xvi)
          that such perfection may be achieved by making the appropriate
          filings), and taken any other steps necessary to maintain, (A) the
          first priority perfected ownership interest of Purchaser and (B)
          subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement,
          the first priority, perfected security interest of the Trustee for the
          benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, with respect to
          the Related Receivables and Other Conveyed Property and the
          Collateral, respectively, to be transferred on such Funding Date;

               (xvii) the Seller shall have filed or caused to be filed all
          necessary UCC-l financing statements (or amendments thereto) necessary
          to maintain (in each case assuming for purposes of this clause (xvii)
          that such perfection may be achieved by making the appropriate
          filings), and taken any other steps necessary to maintain, (A) the
          first priority perfected security interest of the Trustee for the
          benefit of the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders,
          with respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities and (B) subject to
          the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the second
          priority perfected security interest of the Bear Indenture Trustee for
          the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders
          under the Bear Basic Documents, with respect to the UBS Cross
          Collateral (subject only to the Lien created pursuant to Granting
          Clause I of the Indenture);

               (xviii) the Seller shall have executed and delivered an
          Assignment in the form of EXHIBIT F with respect to such Related
          Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property related thereto;

               (xix) each of the conditions precedent to such Advance set forth
          in this Agreement, the Indenture and the applicable Note Purchase
          Agreement shall have been satisfied;

               (xx) if such Funding Date is a Class A Funding Date, such Class A
          Funding Date shall not occur in the same calendar week as any prior
          Class A Funding Date;

               (xxi) if such Funding Date is a Class B Funding Date, such Class
          B Funding Date shall also be a Class A Funding Date and no more than
          two Class B Funding Dates shall occur during any one calendar month;
          and

               (xxii) if such Funding Date is a Class B Funding Date, such Class
          B Funding Date shall not be a funding date for the Class B notes
          issued under the Bear Warehouse Facility.

          Unless waived by the Controlling Note Purchaser (or the Class B Note
     Purchasers, in the case of ITEM (v), ITEM (ix)(C) AND (D), ITEM (xiv), ITEM
     (xvii)(A) AND (B), ITEM (xxi) and ITEM (xxii) above) in writing, the Seller
     covenants that in the event any of the foregoing conditions precedent are
     not satisfied with respect to any Related Receivable on the date required
     as specified above, the Seller will immediately repurchase such Related
     Receivable from the Purchaser, at a price equal to the Purchase Amount
     thereof, in the manner specified in SECTION 3.2 and SECTION 4.7. Except
     with respect to ITEM (xvi) above, the Trustee may rely on the accuracy of
     the Officers' Certificate delivered pursuant to ITEM (xii) above without
     independent inquiry or verification.

          (c) PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE. In consideration for the sale of the
     Related Receivables and Other Conveyed Property described in SECTION 2.1(a)
     or the related Assignment, the Purchaser shall, on each Funding Date on
     which Related Receivables are transferred hereunder, pay to or upon the
     order of the Seller the applicable Purchase Price in the following manner:
     (i) cash in an amount equal to the amount of each Advance received by the
     Purchaser under the Notes on such Funding Date and (ii) to the extent the

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

     Purchase Price for the related Receivables and Other Conveyed Property
     exceeds the aggregate amount of cash described in (i), such excess shall be
     treated as a capital contribution by the Seller to the Purchaser. On any
     Funding Date on which funds are on deposit in the Principal Funding
     Account, the Purchaser may direct the Trustee to withdraw therefrom an
     amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Purchase Price to be paid to the
     Seller for Related Receivables and Other Conveyed Property to be conveyed
     to the Purchaser and pledged to the Trustee on such Funding Date (or a
     portion thereof) and (ii) the amount on deposit in the Principal Funding
     Account, and, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in
     SECTION 2.1(b) after giving effect to such withdrawal, pay such amount to
     or upon the order of the Seller in consideration for the sale of the
     Related Receivables and Other Conveyed Property on such Funding Date.

          SECTION 2.2. TRANSFERS INTENDED AS SALES. It is the intention of the
     Seller and the Purchaser that each transfer and assignment contemplated by
     this Agreement and each Assignment shall constitute a sale of the Related
     Receivables and Other Conveyed Property from the Seller to the Purchaser
     free and clear of all liens and rights of others and it is intended that
     the beneficial interest in and title to the Related Receivables and Other
     Conveyed Property shall not be part of the Seller's estate in the event of
     the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or against the Seller under any
     bankruptcy law. In the event that, notwithstanding the intent of the Seller
     and the Purchaser, the transfer and assignment contemplated hereby or by
     any Assignment is held not to be a sale, this Agreement and each Assignment
     shall constitute a security agreement under applicable law and the Seller
     hereby grants to the Purchaser a security interest in the Receivables and
     Other Conveyed Property, which security interest has been assigned to the
     Trustee, acting on behalf of the Noteholders and Note Purchasers.

          SECTION 2.3. FURTHER ENCUMBRANCE OF RECEIVABLES AND OTHER CONVEYED
     PROPERTY.

               (a) Immediately upon the conveyance to the Purchaser by the
          Seller of the Related Receivables and any item of the related Other
          Conveyed Property pursuant to SECTION 2.1 and the related Assignment,
          all right, title and interest of the Seller in and to such Related
          Receivables and Other Conveyed Property shall terminate, and all such
          right, title and interest shall vest in the Purchaser.

               (b) Immediately upon the vesting of any Related Receivables and
          the related Other Conveyed Property in the Purchaser, the Purchaser
          shall have the sole right to pledge or otherwise encumber such Related
          Receivables and the related Other Conveyed Property. Pursuant to the
          Indenture, (i) subject to the terms and provisions of the
          Intercreditor Agreement, the Purchaser shall grant a security interest
          in the Collateral to secure the repayment of the Notes, the other
          Secured Obligations and any and all other amounts due and owing to the
          Note Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents,
          (ii) the Purchaser shall grant a security interest in the Pledged
          Subordinate Securities to secure the repayment of the Class B Notes,
          the other Secured Obligations and any and all other amounts due and
          owing, in each case, to the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B
          Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents, and (iii) subject to the
          terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Purchaser
          shall grant a second priority security interest in the UBS Cross
          Collateral to secure the repayment of the Class B notes and any and
          all other amounts due and owing, in each case, to the Class B note
          purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents
          pursuant to the Bear Basic Documents, subject only to the Lien Granted
          pursuant to Granting Clause I of the Indenture.

               (c) The Trustee shall, at such time as (i) each Facility
          Termination Date has occurred, (ii) the payment in full of the Secured
          Obligations has occurred, (iii) each Note Purchase Agreement shall
          have been terminated pursuant to its terms, (iv) there are no Notes
          Outstanding, (v) all sums due to the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and
          the Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents and all sums due to
          the Bear Indenture Trustee, the Class B note purchasers and the Class
          B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents have been paid in full,
          and (vi) all other conditions precedent under the Indenture shall have
          been satisfied, release any remaining portion of the Collateral, the
          Pledged Subordinate Securities and the UBS Cross Collateral to the
          Purchaser.

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE III
                                  -----------

                                 THE RECEIVABLES
                                 ---------------

     SECTION 3.1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER. (a) The Seller makes
the following representations and warranties as to the Receivables to the
Purchaser, to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders, to each Note Purchaser and to each Noteholder, on which the
Purchaser relies in acquiring the Receivables, on which the Trustee relies in
accepting a pledge of the Receivables under the Indenture, on which the
Noteholders have relied in purchasing the Notes and on which each Note Purchaser
will rely in paying the Advance Amounts to the Purchaser. Such representations
and warranties speak as of the Class A Closing Date (with respect to the Class A
Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders) and the Class B Closing Date (with
respect to the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders) and as of
each Funding Date; PROVIDED that to the extent such representations and
warranties relate to the Receivables conveyed on any Funding Date, such
representations and warranties shall speak as of the related Funding Date, but
shall survive the sale, transfer and assignment of the Receivables to the
Purchaser and the pledge thereof by the Purchaser hereunder to the Trustee
pursuant to the Indenture.

          (i) CHARACTERISTICS OF RECEIVABLES. Each Receivable (1) is evidenced
     either by (i) a retail installment sale contract or (ii) an installment
     promissory note and security agreement; (2) if such Receivable is evidenced
     by a retail installment sale contract, has been originated in the United
     States of America by a Dealer for the retail sale of a Financed Vehicle in
     the ordinary course of such Dealer's business and without any fraud or
     misrepresentation on the part of the Dealer, such Dealer had all necessary
     licenses and permits to originate such Receivables in the state where such
     Dealer was located, has been fully and properly executed by the parties
     thereto, has been purchased by the Seller or TFC, as applicable, directly
     from the Dealer in connection with the sale of Financed Vehicles by the
     Dealer and has been validly assigned without any intervening assignments by
     such Dealer to the Seller or TFC, as applicable, in accordance with its
     terms; (3) if such Receivable is evidenced by an installment promissory
     note and security agreement, has been originated in the United States of
     America by a Consumer Lender in the ordinary course of such Consumer
     Lender's business and without any fraud or misrepresentation on the part of
     such Consumer Lender or the Dealer, and such Consumer Lender had all
     necessary licenses and permits to originate such Receivable in the State
     where such Receivable was originated and where such Consumer Lender was
     located, and such Receivable has been fully and properly executed by the
     parties thereto, has been purchased by the Seller directly from the
     Consumer Lender (if the Consumer Lender is not the Seller) in connection
     with the sale of Financed Vehicles by the Dealer and has been validly
     assigned by such Consumer Lender without any intervening assignments by
     such Consumer Lender to the Seller (if the Consumer Lender is not the
     Seller); (4) has created a valid, subsisting, and enforceable first
     priority perfected security interest in favor of the Seller, TFC or the
     Consumer Lender, as applicable, in the Financed Vehicle, which security
     interest has been validly assigned by the Seller or TFC, as applicable, to
     the Purchaser or by the Consumer Lender to the Seller (if the Consumer
     Lender is not the Seller) and by the Seller to the Purchaser, as
     applicable, and by the Purchaser to the Trustee; (5) contains customary and
     enforceable provisions such that the rights and remedies of the holder or
     assignee thereof shall be adequate for realization against the collateral
     of the benefits of the security including without limitation a right of
     repossession following a default; (6) provides for level weekly, bi-weekly,
     semi-monthly or monthly payments that fully amortize the Amount Financed
     over the original term (except for the last payment, which may be different
     from the level payment but in no event shall exceed three times such level
     payment) and yields interest at the Annual Percentage Rate; (7) is a Rule
     of 78's Receivable or a Simple Interest Receivable; (8) if such Receivable
     is a Rule of 78's Receivable, provides for, in the event that such contract
     is prepaid, a prepayment that fully pays the Principal Balance and includes
     a full month's interest, in the month of prepayment, at the APR of the
     Receivable; (9) if such Receivable is a Simple Interest Receivable,
     provides, in the case of prepayment, for the full payment of the Principal
     Balance thereof plus accrued interest through the date of prepayment based

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

     on the APR of the Receivable; (10) if such Receivable is evidenced by a
     retail installment sale contract, was originated by a Dealer to an Obligor
     and was sold by the Dealer to the Seller or TFC, as applicable, or if such
     Receivable is evidenced by an installment promissory note and security
     agreement, was originated by a Consumer Lender to an Obligor and, if not
     originated by the Seller, has been sold by such Consumer Lender to the
     Seller, in each case without any fraud or misrepresentation on the part of
     the Seller, TFC, such Consumer Lender, such Dealer or the related Obligor;
     (11) is denominated in U.S. dollars; and (12) contains no obligation to
     lend more money to the related Obligor in the future.

          (ii) ADDITIONAL RECEIVABLES CHARACTERISTICS. As of the related Funding
     Date, as applicable:

               (A) each Related Receivable that is a CPS Receivable has (1) an
          original term of 24 to 72 months; (2) an original Amount Financed of
          at least $3,000 and not more than $35,000; and (3) had an APR of at
          least 8% and not more than 30% (subject to applicable laws);

               (B) each Related Receivable that is a TFC Receivable has (1) an
          original term of 9 to 60 months; (2) an original Amount Financed of at
          least $1,000 and not more than $25,000; (3) had an APR of at least
          9.90% and not more than 30% (subject to applicable laws); (4) when
          originated, had an Obligor that was a member of the U.S. armed forces;
          and (5) no Obligor that has been the subject of a Section 341 Meeting;

               (C) each Related Receivable is not more than 30 days past due
          with respect to more than 10% of any Scheduled Receivable Payment as
          of the related Cutoff Date and no funds have been advanced by the
          Seller, any Dealer, any Consumer Lender or anyone acting on their
          behalf in order to cause any Related Receivable to satisfy such
          requirement;

               (D) no Related Receivable has been extended beyond its original
          term, except in accordance with the applicable Contract Purchase
          Guidelines regarding deferments or extensions; and

               (E) each Related Receivable satisfies in all material respects
          the applicable Contract Purchase Guidelines as in effect on the Class
          A Closing Date or as otherwise amended from time to time; provided,
          that such amendments do not have a material adverse effect on the
          Noteholders or the Note Purchasers.

          (iii) SCHEDULE OF RECEIVABLES. The information with respect to the
     Related Receivables set forth in Schedule A to the related Assignment is
     true and correct in all material respects as of the close of business on
     the related Cutoff Date, and no selection procedures adverse to any
     Noteholder or any Note Purchaser have been utilized in selecting the
     Related Receivables to be sold hereunder and thereunder.

          (iv) COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. Each Related Receivable, the sale of the
     Financed Vehicle and the sale of any physical damage, credit life and
     credit accident and health insurance and any extended warranties or service
     contracts complied at the time the Related Receivable was originated or
     made and at the execution of the applicable Assignment complies in all
     material respects with all requirements of applicable Federal, State, and
     local laws, including, without limitation, Consumer Laws. Each Receivable
     has been serviced in compliance with all applicable requirements of law.

          (v) NO GOVERNMENT OBLIGOR. None of the Related Receivables are due
     from the United States of America or any State or from any agency,
     department, or instrumentality of the United States of America or any
     State.

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

          (vi) NO FLEET SALES. None of the Receivables have been included in a
     "fleet" sale (i.e., a sale to any single Obligor of more than five Financed
     Vehicles).

          (vii) SECURITY INTEREST IN FINANCED VEHICLE. Immediately subsequent to
     the sale, assignment and transfer thereof to the Purchaser, each Related
     Receivable shall be secured by a validly perfected first priority security
     interest in the Financed Vehicle in favor of the Seller as secured party
     which security interest has been validly assigned to the Purchaser and
     subsequently validly pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the
     Noteholders and Note Purchasers, and such assigned security interest is
     prior to all other liens upon and security interests in such Financed
     Vehicle which now exist or may hereafter arise or be created (except, as to
     priority, for any tax liens or mechanics' liens which may arise after the
     related Funding Date as a result of an Obligor's failure to pay its
     obligations, as applicable).

          (viii) RECEIVABLES IN FORCE. No Related Receivable has been satisfied,
     subordinated or rescinded, nor has any related Financed Vehicle been
     released from the lien granted by the related Receivable in whole or in
     part.

          (ix) NO WAIVER. Except as permitted under SECTION 4.2 and CLAUSE (X)
     below, no provision of a Related Receivable has been waived, altered or
     modified in any respect since its origination. No Related Receivable has
     been modified as a result of application of the Servicemembers Civil Relief
     Act, as amended.

          (x) NO AMENDMENTS. Except as permitted under Section 4.2, no Related
     Receivable has been amended, modified, waived or refinanced except as such
     Related Receivable may have been amended in accordance with the Servicing
     Guidelines.

          (xi) NO DEFENSES. No right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or
     defense exists or has been asserted or threatened with respect to any
     Related Receivable. The operation of the terms of any Related Receivable or
     the exercise of any right thereunder will not render such Related
     Receivable unenforceable in whole or in part and such Receivable is not
     subject to any such right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim, or defense.

          (xii) NO LIENS. As of the related Cutoff Date, (a) there are no liens
     or claims existing or which have been filed for work, labor, storage or
     materials relating to a Financed Vehicle financed under a Related
     Receivable that shall be liens prior to, or equal or coordinate with, the
     security interest in the Financed Vehicle granted by the Related Receivable
     and (b) there is no lien against the Financed Vehicle financed under a
     Related Receivable for delinquent taxes.

          (xiii) NO DEFAULT; REPOSSESSION. Except for payment delinquencies
     described in Section 3.1(a)(ii)(C) hereof, no default, breach, violation or
     event permitting acceleration under the terms of any Related Receivable has
     occurred; and no continuing condition that with notice or the lapse of
     time, or both, would constitute a default, breach, violation or event
     permitting acceleration under the terms of any Related Receivable has
     arisen; and neither the Seller nor TFC shall waive or has waived any of the
     foregoing (except in a manner consistent with SECTION 4.2) and no Financed
     Vehicle financed under a Related Receivable shall have been repossessed.

          (xiv) INSURANCE; OTHER. (A) Each Obligor under the Related Receivables
     has obtained an insurance policy covering the Financed Vehicle as of the
     execution of such Receivable insuring against loss and damage due to fire,
     theft, transportation, collision and other risks generally covered by
     comprehensive and collision coverage, and either the Seller or TFC,. as
     applicable, and its respective successors and assigns are named the loss
     payee or an additional insured of such insurance policy, such insurance
     policy is in an amount at least equal to the lesser of (i) the Financed
     Vehicle's actual cash value or (ii) the remaining Principal Balance of the
     Related Receivable, and each Related Receivable requires the Obligor to
     obtain and maintain such insurance naming either the Seller or TFC, as
     applicable, and its respective successors and assigns as loss payee or an

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

     additional insured, (B) each Related Receivable that finances the cost of
     premiums for credit life and credit accident and health insurance is
     covered by an insurance policy or certificate of insurance naming either
     the Seller or TFC, as applicable, as policyholder (creditor) under each
     such insurance policy and certificate of insurance and (C) as to each
     Related Receivable that finances the cost of an extended service contract,
     the respective Financed Vehicle which secures the Related Receivable is
     covered by an extended service contract. As of the related Cutoff Date, no
     Financed Vehicle is or had previously been insured under a policy of
     forced-placed insurance.

          (xv) TITLE. It is the intention of the Seller that each transfer and
     assignment herein contemplated constitutes a sale of the Related
     Receivables and the related Other Conveyed Property from the Seller to the
     Purchaser and that the beneficial interest in and title to such Related
     Receivables and related Other Conveyed Property not be part of the Seller's
     estate in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or against
     the Seller under any bankruptcy law. No Related Receivable or related Other
     Conveyed Property has been sold, transferred, assigned, or pledged by the
     Seller to any Person other than the Purchaser and by the Purchaser to any
     Person other than the Trustee. Immediately prior to each transfer and
     assignment herein contemplated, the Seller had good and marketable title to
     each Related Receivable and related Other Conveyed Property and was the
     sole owner thereof, free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances,
     security interests, and rights of others, and, immediately upon the
     transfer thereof to the Purchaser and the Purchaser shall have good and
     marketable title to the Receivables and the other Conveyed Property and
     shall be the sole owner thereof, free and clear of all Liens and,
     immediately upon the pledge thereof to the Trustee under the Indenture, the
     Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, subject
     to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, shall have a
     valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral, free and clear
     of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, and rights of others, and
     each such transfer and pledge has been perfected under the UCC. No Dealer
     or Consumer Lender (unless such Consumer Lender is the Seller) has a
     participation in, or other right to receive, proceeds of any Receivable.

          (xvi) LAWFUL ASSIGNMENT; NO CONSENT REQUIRED. No Related Receivable
     has been originated in, or is subject to the laws of, any jurisdiction
     under which the sale, transfer, and assignment of such Related Receivable
     under this Agreement or the pledge of such Related Receivable under the
     Indenture or pursuant to transfers of the Notes shall be unlawful, void, or
     voidable. Neither the Seller nor TFC has entered into any agreement with
     any account debtor that prohibits, restricts or conditions the assignment
     of any portion of the Related Receivables. For the validity of such sales,
     transfers, assignments and pledges, no consent by any Dealer, Consumer
     Lender, Obligor or any other Person is required under any agreement or
     applicable law.

          (xvii) ALL FILINGS MADE. All filings (including, without limitation,
     UCC filings or other actions) necessary in any jurisdiction to give: (a)
     the Purchaser a first priority perfected ownership interest in the
     Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property, including, without limitation,
     the proceeds of the Receivables (to the extent that the Purchaser can
     obtain such first priority perfected security interest pursuant to one or
     more filings), (b) subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor
     Agreement, the Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note
     Purchasers, a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral,
     (c) the Trustee, for the benefit of the Class B Note Purchasers and the
     Class B Noteholders, a first priority perfected security interest in the
     Pledged Subordinate Securities, and (d) subject to the terms and provisions
     of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Bear Indenture Trustee, for the benefit
     of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the Bear
     Basic Documents, a second priority perfected security interest in the UBS
     Cross Collateral (subject only to the Lien granted pursuant to Granting
     Clause I of the Indenture), have been made, taken or performed.

          (xviii) RECEIVABLE FILE; ONE ORIGINAL. The Seller has delivered to the
     Trustee, at the location specified in SCHEDULE B hereto, a complete
     Receivable File with respect to each Related Receivable, and the Trustee
     has delivered an original Trust Receipt therefor to the Controlling Note
     Purchaser and a copy thereof to the Purchaser, the other Note Purchasers
     and the Noteholders. There is only one original executed copy of each
     Receivable. The Servicer has in its possession all other relevant documents
     with respect to the Receivables, including without limitation the related
     credit application and verification of insurance.

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

          (xix) CHATTEL PAPER. Each Related Receivable constitutes "TANGIBLE
     CHATTEL PAPER" under the UCC.

          (xx) TITLE DOCUMENTS. (A) If the Related Receivable was originated in
     a State in which notation of a security interest on the title document of
     the related Financed Vehicle is required or permitted to perfect such
     security interest, the title document of the related Financed Vehicle for
     such Related Receivable shows, or if a new or replacement title document is
     being applied for with respect to such Financed Vehicle the title document
     (or, with respect to Related Receivables that finance a vehicle in the
     States listed in ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued by the -------
     applicable Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority in such
     States) will be received within 180 days of the origination date and will
     show, the Seller (or, in the case of a TFC Receivable purchased from a
     Dealer by TFC, TFC) named as the original secured party under the Related
     Receivable as the holder of a first priority security interest in such
     Financed Vehicle, and (B) if the Related Receivable was originated in a
     State in which the filing of a financing statement under the UCC is
     required to perfect a security interest in motor vehicles, such filings or
     recordings have been duly made and show the Seller (or, in the case of a
     TFC Receivable purchased from a Dealer by TFC, TFC) named as the original
     secured party under the Related Receivable, and in either case, the Trustee
     has the same rights as such secured party has or would have (if such
     secured party were still the owner of the Receivable) against all parties
     claiming an interest in such Financed Vehicle, and such rights have been
     validly pledged, subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor
     Agreement, to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note
     Purchasers pursuant to the Indenture. With respect to each Related
     Receivable for which the title document has not yet been returned from the
     Registrar of Titles, the Seller has received written evidence from the
     related Dealer that such title document showing the Seller (or, in the case
     of a TFC Receivable purchased from a Dealer by TFC, TFC) as first
     lienholder has been applied for.

          (xxi) VALID AND BINDING OBLIGATION OF OBLIGOR. Each Related Receivable
     is the legal, valid and binding obligation in writing of the Obligor
     thereunder and is enforceable in accordance with its terms, except only as
     such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws
     affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally, and all parties
     to such contract had full legal capacity to execute and deliver such
     contract and all other documents related thereto and to grant the security
     interest purported to be granted thereby. Each Related Receivable is not
     subject to any right of set-off by the Obligor.

          (xxii) CHARACTERISTICS OF OBLIGORS. As of the date of each Obligor's
     application for credit from which the Related Receivable that is a CPS
     Receivable arises, such Obligor (a) did not have any material past due
     credit obligations or any personal or real property repossessed or wages
     garnished within one year prior to the date of such application, unless
     such amounts have been repaid or discharged through bankruptcy, (b) was not
     the subject of any Federal, State or other bankruptcy, insolvency or
     similar proceeding pending on the date of application that has not been
     discharged, (c) had not been the subject of more than one Federal, State or
     other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding that has not completed a
     Section 341 Meeting, (d) was domiciled in the United States and (e) was not
     self-employed. During the period from the date of each Obligor's
     application for financing of the Financed Vehicle from which the related
     Receivable arises to the applicable Funding Date, no Obligor is or has been
     the subject of any Federal, State or other bankruptcy, insolvency or
     similar proceeding that has not completed a Section 341 Meeting.

          (xxiii) POST-OFFICE BOX. On or prior to the next billing period after
     the related Cutoff Date, the Servicer will notify each Obligor to make
     payments with respect to its respective Related Receivables after the
     related Cutoff Date directly to the Post-Office Box, and will provide each
     Obligor with a monthly statement in order to enable such Obligor to make
     payments directly to the Post-Office Box.

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

          (xxiv) CASUALTY AND IMPOUNDING. No Financed Vehicle financed under a
     Related Receivable has suffered a Casualty and the Seller has not received
     any notice that any Financed Vehicle has been impounded.

          (xxv) NO AGREEMENT TO LEND. The Obligor with respect to each Related
     Receivable does not have any option under the Receivable to borrow from any
     person any funds secured by the Financed Vehicle.

          (xxvi) OBLIGATION TO DEALERS OR OTHERS. The Purchaser and its
     assignees will assume no obligation to Dealers, Consumer Lenders or other
     originators or holders of the Related Receivables (including, but not
     limited to under dealer reserves) as a result of its purchase of the
     Related Receivables.

          (xxvii) NO IMPAIRMENT. Neither Seller nor the Purchaser has done
     anything to convey any right to any Person that would result in such Person
     having a right to payments due under any Related Receivables or otherwise
     to impair the rights of the Purchaser, the Trustee, any Noteholder or any
     Note Purchaser in any Related Receivable or the proceeds thereof.

          (xxviii) RECEIVABLES NOT ASSUMABLE. No Related Receivable is assumable
     by another Person in a manner which would release the Obligor thereof from
     such Obligor's obligations to the Purchaser or Seller with respect to such
     Related Receivable.

          (xxix) SERVICING. The servicing of each Related Receivable and the
     collection practices relating thereto have been lawful and in accordance
     with the standards set forth in this Agreement; and other than Seller, TFC
     and the Back-up Servicer pursuant to the Basic Documents, no other person
     has the right to service the Receivable.

          (xxx) CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST. This Agreement creates a valid
     and continuing security interest (as defined in the UCC) in the Receivables
     and the Other Conveyed Property in favor of the Purchaser, which security
     interest is prior to all other Liens (other than the Liens of the Trustee
     and the Bear Indenture Trustee under the Indenture) and is enforceable as
     such as against creditors of and purchasers from the Seller. The Indenture
     creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the UCC) in
     (x) subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the
     Collateral in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and
     the Note Purchasers, which security interest is prior to all other Liens,
     (y) the Pledged Subordinate Securities in favor of the Trustee for the
     benefit of the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders, which
     security interest is prior to all other Liens, and (z) subject to the terms
     and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the UBS Cross Collateral in
     favor of the Bear Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note
     purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents,
     which security interest is prior to all Liens, other than the Lien created
     pursuant to Granting Clause I of the Indenture, and such security interests
     are, in each case, enforceable as such as against creditors of and
     purchasers from the Issuer.

          (xxxi) PERFECTION OF SECURITY INTEREST IN RECEIVABLES AND OTHER
     CONVEYED PROPERTY. The Seller has caused the filing of all appropriate
     financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate
     jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the first priority
     security interest in the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property
     granted to the Purchaser hereunder pursuant to SECTION 2.1 and the related
     Assignment.

          (xxxii) PERFECTION OF SECURITY INTEREST IN TRUST ESTATE. The Purchaser
     has caused the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper
     filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in
     order to perfect (i) the first priority security interest in the
     Receivables and the other Collateral granted to the Trustee for the benefit
     of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers pursuant to Granting Clause I of
     the Indenture; (ii) the security interest in the Pledged Subordinate
     Securities granted to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B
     Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers pursuant to Granting Clause II
     of the Indenture, and (iii) the security interest in the UBS Cross
     Collateral granted to the Bear Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the
     Class B noteholders and the Class B note purchasers under the Bear Basic
     Documents pursuant to Granting Clause III of the Indenture.

          (xxxiii) PERFECTION OF SECURITY INTERESTS IN FINANCED VEHICLES. The
     Seller has taken all steps necessary to perfect its security interest
     against the Obligors in the Financed Vehicles securing the Receivables and
     such security interest has been validly assigned by the Seller to the
     Purchaser and pledged by the Purchaser to the Trustee for the benefit of
     the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

          (xxxiv) NO OTHER SECURITY INTERESTS - SELLER. Other than the security
     interest granted to the Purchaser pursuant to SECTION 2.1 and the related
     Assignment, the Seller has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security
     interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Receivables or the Other
     Conveyed Property, other than such security interests as are released at or
     before the conveyance thereof. The Seller has not authorized the filing of
     and is not aware of any financing statements filed against the Seller that
     include a description of collateral covering any portion of the Receivables
     and the Other Conveyed Property other than any financing statement relating
     to the security interest granted to the Purchaser hereunder or that has
     been terminated or released as to the Receivables and the Other Conveyed
     Property. The Seller is not aware of any judgment or tax lien filings
     against the Seller.

          (xxxv) NO OTHER SECURITY INTERESTS - PURCHASER. Other than (A) the
     security interest in the Collateral granted to the Trustee for the benefit
     of the Noteholders and Note Purchasers pursuant to Granting Clause I of the
     Indenture, (B) the security interest in the Pledged Subordinate Securities
     granted to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B Note Purchasers and
     the Class B Noteholders pursuant to Granting Clause II of the Indenture,
     and (C) the security interest in the UBS Cross Collateral granted to the
     Bear Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and
     the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents pursuant to Granting
     Clause III of the Indenture, the Purchaser has not pledged, assigned, sold,
     granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the
     Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities or the UBS Cross Collateral.
     The Purchaser has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any
     financing statements filed against the Purchaser that include a description
     of collateral covering any portion of the Collateral, the Pledged
     Subordinate Securities or the UBS Cross Collateral other than any financing
     statement relating to the security interests described in the preceding
     clauses (A), (B) and (C), or a security interest that has been terminated
     or released with respect to the Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate
     Securities or the UBS Cross Collateral. The Purchaser is not aware of any
     judgment or tax lien filings against the Purchaser.

          (xxxvi) NOTATIONS ON CONTRACTS; FINANCING STATEMENT DISCLOSURE. The
     Servicer has in its possession copies of all Contracts that constitute or
     evidence the Receivables. The Contracts that constitute or evidence the
     Receivables do not have any marks or notations indicating that they have
     been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the
     Purchaser and/or the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the
     Note Purchasers. All financing statements filed or to be filed against the
     Seller in favor of the Purchaser in connection herewith describing the
     Trust Estate contain a statement to the following effect: "A purchase of or
     security interest in any collateral described in this financing statement
     will violate the rights of the secured party."

          (xxxvii) RECORDS. On or prior to each Funding Date, the Seller will
     have caused its records (including electronic ledgers) relating to each
     Related Receivable to be conveyed by it on such Funding Date to be clearly
     and unambiguously marked to reflect that such Related Receivable was
     conveyed by it to the Purchaser and pledged by the Purchaser to the Trustee
     for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

          (xxxviii) COMPUTER INFORMATION. The computer diskette, computer tape
     or other electronic transmission made available by the Seller to the
     Purchaser on each Funding Date is, as of the related Cutoff Date, complete
     and accurate and includes a description of the same Receivables described
     in Schedule A to the related Assignment.

          (xxxix) NO MFN OR SEAWEST RECEIVABLES. None of the Related Receivables
     was originated by MFN, SeaWest or any of their respective Subsidiaries.

          (xl) REMAINING PRINCIPAL BALANCE. As of the related Cutoff Date, each
     Related Receivable has a remaining Principal Balance of at least $3,000 and
     the Principal Balance of each Receivable set forth in Schedule A to the
     related Assignment is true and accurate in all respects.

          (xli) DELIVERY OF RECEIVABLE FILES. A complete Receivable File (other
     than, if applicable, a certificate of title missing from the related
     Receivable File as described in SECTION 3.4(B)) with respect to each
     Receivable has been, prior to the Funding Date, delivered to the Trustee at
     the location listed in SCHEDULE B hereof.

          (xlii) FULL AMOUNT ADVANCED. The full amount of each Receivable has
     been advanced to each Obligor, and there are no requirements for future
     advances thereunder.

          (xliii) ILLINOIS RECEIVABLES. (a) The Seller does not own a
     substantial interest in the business of a Dealer within the meaning of
     Illinois Sales Finance Agency Act Rules and Regulations, Section 160.230(1)
     and (b) with respect to each Receivable originated in the State of
     Illinois, (i) the printed or typed portion of the related Form of
     Receivable complies with the requirements of 815 ILCS 375/3(b) and (ii) the
     Seller has not, and for so long as such Receivable is outstanding shall
     not, place or cause to be placed on the related Financed Vehicle any
     collateral protection insurance in violation of 815 ILCS 180/10.

          (xliv) CALIFORNIA RECEIVABLES. Each Receivable originated in the State
     of California has been, and at all times during the term of the Sale and
     Servicing Agreement will be, serviced by the Servicer in compliance with
     Cal. Civil Code ss. 2981, et seq.

          (xlv) CONSUMER LENDERS. Each Consumer Lender has obtained all
     necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the
     origination and purchase of installment promissory notes and security
     agreements and the sale thereof to the Seller (if the Seller is not the
     Consumer Lender) requires or shall require such licenses or approvals,
     except where the failure to obtain such licenses or approvals would not
     result in a Material Adverse Effect or have a material adverse effect on
     the value or marketability of any Receivable (including, without
     limitation, the enforceability or collectibility of any Receivable).

     SECTION 3.2. REPURCHASE UPON BREACH; SECTION 341 MEETING(a) . The Seller,
the Servicer, any Noteholder, any Note Purchaser or the Trustee, as the case may
be, shall inform the other parties to this Agreement and the Note Purchasers
promptly, in writing, upon the discovery of any breach of the Seller's
representations and warranties made pursuant to SECTION 3.1 with respect to a
Receivable (without regard to any limitations therein as to the Seller's
knowledge). Unless the breach shall have been cured by the last day of the next
Accrual Period following the discovery thereof by the Trustee or receipt by the
Trustee of notice from the Seller, the Servicer, any Noteholder or any Note
Purchaser of such breach, the Seller shall repurchase any Receivable if the
value of such Receivable is materially and adversely affected by the breach as
of the last day of such next Accrual Period (or, at the Seller's option, the
last day of the first Accrual Period following the discovery). In consideration
of the purchase of any Receivable, the Seller shall remit the Purchase Amount,
in the manner specified in SECTION 5.6. The sole remedies of the Purchaser, the
Trustee, the Note Purchasers or the Noteholders with respect to any Receivables
as to which a breach of representations and warranties pursuant to SECTION 3.1
has occurred shall be to enforce the Seller's obligation to purchase such
Receivables and the indemnity provided by SECTION 8.3(a) . Upon receipt of the
Purchase Amount in respect of any Defective Receivables and written instructions
from the Servicer, the Trustee shall release to the Seller or its designee the
related Receivable File and shall execute and deliver all reasonable instruments

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

of transfer or assignment, without recourse, as are prepared by the Seller and
delivered to the Trustee and necessary to vest in the Seller or such designee
title to such Defective Receivables. The parties hereto hereby acknowledge that
the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class shall each have the right to enforce directly against the Seller
the Seller's repurchase and indemnity obligations pursuant to this SECTION 3.2
and SECTION 8.3.

          (b) If the Insolvency Event related to a Section 341 Meeting has not
     been discharged by the bankruptcy court or other similar court presiding
     over such Insolvency Event within 90 days of the conveyance of the related
     Receivable by the Seller to the Purchaser pursuant to SECTION 2.1(A), the
     Seller shall repurchase such Receivable as of the last day of such next
     Accrual Period.

     SECTION 3.3. CUSTODY OF RECEIVABLE FILES AND PLEDGED SUBORDINATE
SECURITIES.

          (a) In connection with each sale, transfer and assignment of
     Receivables and related Other Conveyed Property to the Purchaser pursuant
     to this Agreement and each Assignment, and each pledge thereof by the
     Purchaser to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note
     Purchasers pursuant to the Indenture, the Trustee shall act as custodian of
     the following documents or instruments in its possession which shall be
     delivered to the Trustee on or before the Class A Closing Date or the
     related Funding Date in accordance with SECTION 3.4 (with respect to each
     Receivable):

               (i) The fully executed original of the Receivable (together with
          any agreements modifying or assigning the Receivable, including
          without limitation any extension agreements); and

               (ii) The original certificate of title in the name of the Obligor
          with a notation on such certificate of title evidencing Seller's or
          TFC's, as applicable, security interest therein or such documents that
          the Seller shall keep on file, in accordance with its customary
          procedures, evidencing the security interest of the Seller or TFC, as
          applicable, in the Financed Vehicle or, if not yet received, a copy of
          the application therefor showing the Seller or TFC, as applicable, as
          secured party, or a dealer guarantee of title.

          (b) Upon payment in full of any Receivable, the Servicer will notify
     the Trustee pursuant to a certificate of a Servicing Officer in the form of
     EXHIBIT C and shall request delivery of the Receivable and Receivable File
     to the Servicer.

          (c) If a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency would exist upon the
     release of Receivables under Article X of the Indenture in connection with
     a Securitization Transaction, the Issuer shall pledge the related Pledged
     Subordinate Securities to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Class B
     Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers pursuant to Granting Clause II
     of the Indenture, the Issuer shall deliver such Pledged Subordinate
     Securities to the Trustee on the related Securitization Closing Date and
     the Trustee shall act as custodian of such Pledged Subordinate Securities.
     Each Pledged Subordinate Security delivered to the Trustee pursuant to this
     subparagraph (c) shall be endorsed in blank by the record holder thereof
     with a medallion-guaranteed signature. By virtue of its delivery of any
     Pledged Subordinate Securities to the Trustee on a Securitization Closing
     Date pursuant to this Section 3.3(c), the Issuer shall be deemed to have
     confirmed, for the benefit of the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B
     Noteholders, that, as of such Securitization Closing Date, the
     representations and warranties with respect to each such Pledged
     Subordinate Security set forth in the Basic Documents are true and correct
     in all material respects. In addition, the Issuer shall deliver or shall
     cause to be delivered to the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B
     Noteholders all true sale opinions issued by counsel to CPS in connection
     with any Securitization Transaction for which Pledged Subordinate
     Securities are delivered to the Trustee pursuant to this Section 3.3(c)
     (which true sale opinions shall either be addressed to the Class B Note
     Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders or shall specifically authorize
     their reliance thereon). Upon delivery of any such Pledged Subordinate
     Securities to the Trustee in the manner provided herein and upon the
     Trustee's acknowledgment of receipt thereof, such Pledged Subordinate
     Securities shall become subject to the Lien created by Granting Clause II
     of the Indenture. The Trustee shall release any such Pledged Subordinate
     Securities upon the prepayment of the related Class B Invested Amount in
     accordance with Section 10.1 of the Indenture.

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 3.4. ACCEPTANCE OF RECEIVABLE FILES BY TRUSTEE; MISSING
CERTIFICATES OF TITLE (a) In connection with any Funding Date, the Seller shall
cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Receivable Files for the Related
Receivables to be purchased on such Funding Date not less than four Business
Days prior to the related Funding Date. The Trustee declares that it will hold
and will continue to hold such files and any amendments, replacements or
supplements thereto and all Other Conveyed Property as Trustee, custodian, agent
and bailee in trust for the use and benefit of the Noteholders and the Note
Purchasers. The Trustee shall within three Business Days after receipt of such
files, execute and deliver to the Controlling Noteholder a receipt substantially
in the form of EXHIBIT B hereto (a "TRUST RECEIPT") for the Receivable Files
received by the Trustee and a copy thereof to the other Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders. By its delivery of a Trust Receipt, the Trustee shall be deemed to
have (a) acknowledged receipt of the files (or the Receivables) which the Seller
has represented are and contain the Receivable Files for the Related Receivables
to be purchased by the Purchaser on the related Funding Date as indicated on
Schedule A to the Addition Notice, (b) reviewed such files or Receivables and
(c) determined that it has received the items referred to in SECTION 3.3(A)(I)
and (II) for each Related Receivable identified on Schedule A to the Addition
Notice, except, in each case, as may otherwise be noted in Schedule I to the
Trust Receipt. Unless such defect noted on Schedule I of the related Trust
Receipt with respect to such Receivable to be transferred on the related Funding
Date shall have been cured by the Seller or waived by the Controlling Note
Purchaser, in its sole and absolute discretion, and the Trustee shall have
executed a Trust Receipt reflecting that such Receivable is no longer on
Schedule I thereto prior to 11 a.m. New York time on the related Funding Date,
the Purchaser shall not purchase such Receivable from the Seller on such Funding
Date. The Trustee shall return to, or otherwise handle at the direction of, the
Seller those files relating to any Receivable not so purchased on a Funding Date
and any file unrelated to a Receivable identified in Schedule A to the related
Addition Notice (it being understood that the Trustee's obligation to review the
contents of any Receivable File shall be limited as set forth in the preceding
sentence).

          (b) The Trustee shall make a list of Receivables for which an
     application for a certificate of title but not an original certificate of
     title or, with respect to Receivables that finance a vehicle in the States
     listed in ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued by the applicable
     Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority in such States, is
     included in the Receivable File as of the date of its review of the
     Receivable Files and deliver a copy of such list to the Servicer, each
     Noteholder and each Note Purchaser. On the date which is 180 days following
     the related Funding Date, and monthly thereafter, the Trustee shall inform
     the Seller, the Purchaser, each Noteholder and each Note Purchaser of any
     Receivable for which the related Receivable File on such date does not
     include an original certificate of title or, with respect to Financed
     Vehicles in the States listed in ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued by
     the applicable Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority in such
     States, and the Seller shall repurchase any such Receivable as of the last
     Business Day of the Accrual Period in which the expiration of such 180 days
     occurs. In consideration of the purchase of the Receivable, the Seller
     shall remit the Purchase Amount for such Receivable, in the manner
     specified in SECTION 5.6. Upon receipt of the Purchase Amount for a
     Receivable and written instructions from the Servicer, the Trustee shall
     release to the Seller or its designee the related Receivable File and shall
     execute and deliver all reasonable instruments of transfer or assignment,
     without recourse, as are prepared by the Seller and delivered to the
     Trustee and are necessary to vest in the Seller or such designee title to
     the Receivable.

          (c) For those Receivable Files that do not contain an original
     certificate of title or, with respect to Receivables that finance a vehicle
     in the States listed in ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued by the
     applicable Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority in such
     States, upon receipt of such original title documents, the Seller shall
     promptly deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee such original
     title documents to the Trustee to place in the applicable Receivable File.

     SECTION 3.5. ACCESS TO RECEIVABLE FILES AND PLEDGED SUBORDINATE SECURITIES.
The Trustee shall permit the Servicer, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders
access to the Receivable Files and the Pledged Subordinate Securities at all
reasonable times during the Trustee's normal business hours. The Trustee shall,
within two Business Days of the request of the Servicer, any Note Purchaser or

                                      -16-
<PAGE>

any Noteholder, execute such documents and instruments as are prepared by the
Servicer, such Note Purchaser or such Noteholder and delivered to the Trustee,
as the Servicer, such Note Purchaser or such Noteholder deems necessary to
permit the Servicer, in accordance with its customary servicing procedures, to
enforce the Receivable on behalf of the Purchaser and any related insurance
policies covering the Obligor, the Receivable or Financed Vehicle so long as
such execution in the Trustee's sole discretion does not conflict with the
Indenture or any other Basic Document and will not cause it undue risk or
liability. The Trustee shall not release any document from any Receivable File
unless it receives a release request signed by a Servicing Officer in the form
of EXHIBIT C hereto (the "RELEASE REQUEST"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, if a Servicer
Termination Event or Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing, the
Trustee shall not release any such Receivable File to the Servicer without the
prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser. Such Release Request
shall obligate the Servicer to return such document(s) to the Trustee when the
need therefor no longer exists unless the Receivable shall be liquidated, in
which case, the Servicer shall certify in the Release Request that all amounts
required to be deposited in the Collection Account with respect to such
Receivable have been so deposited. Each Release Request delivered to the Trustee
pursuant to this SECTION 3.5 shall be forwarded by the Servicer to the
Controlling Note Purchaser electronically or by facsimile within one (1)
Business Day of delivery to the Trustee together with a list of all Receivables
to be released by the Trustee pursuant to such Release Request.

     SECTION 3.6. TRUSTEE TO OBTAIN FIDELITY INSURANCE. The Trustee shall
maintain a fidelity bond in the form and amount as is customary for entities
acting as a trustee of funds and documents in respect of consumer contracts on
behalf of institutional investors.

     SECTION 3.7. TRUSTEE TO MAINTAIN SECURE FACILITIES. The Trustee shall
maintain or cause to be maintained continuous custody of the Receivable Files
and the Pledged Subordinate Securities in secure and fire resistant facilities
segregated from any other receivables or securities of the Seller, the Purchaser
or any of their Affiliates in accordance with customary standards for such
custody.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                                   ----------

                   ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES
                   -------------------------------------------

     SECTION 4.1. DUTIES OF THE SERVICER. The Servicer, as agent for the
Purchaser, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, shall manage, service,
administer and make collections on the Receivables with reasonable care, using
that degree of skill and attention customary and usual for institutions that
service motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts or installment
promissory note and security agreements similar to the Receivables and, to the
extent more exacting, that the Servicer exercises with respect to all comparable
automotive receivables that it services for itself or others. In performing such
duties, the Servicer shall comply with its current servicing policies and
procedures, as such servicing policies and procedures may be amended from time
to time, so long as such amendments will not materially adversely affect the
interests of any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder, or otherwise with the prior
written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders
of the Highest Priority Class (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld), and notice of such amendments is given to each Note Purchaser and
each Noteholder affected thereby prior to the effectiveness thereof. The
Servicer's duties shall include, without limitation, collection and posting of
all payments, responding to inquiries of Obligors on such Receivables,
investigating delinquencies, sending payment statements to Obligors, reporting
tax information to Obligors, accounting for collections, furnishing monthly and
annual statements to the Trustee and the Noteholders with respect to
distributions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject to
the servicing standards set forth in this Agreement including, without
limitation, the restrictions set forth in SECTION 4.6, the Servicer is
authorized and empowered by the Purchaser to execute and deliver, on behalf of
itself, the Purchaser, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, any and all
instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or partial or full release or
discharge, and all other comparable instruments, with respect to such
Receivables or to the Financed Vehicles securing such Receivables and/or the
certificates of title or, with respect to Financed Vehicles in the States listed
in ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued by the applicable Department of Motor
Vehicles or similar authority in such States with respect to such Financed
Vehicles. If the Servicer shall commence a legal proceeding to enforce a
Receivable, the Purchaser shall thereupon be deemed to have automatically
assigned, solely for the purpose of collection, such Receivable to the Servicer.
If in any enforcement suit or legal proceeding it shall be held that the
Servicer may not enforce a Receivable on the ground that it shall not be a real
party in interest or a holder entitled to enforce such Receivable, the Purchaser
shall, at the Servicer's expense and direction, take steps to enforce such
Receivable, including bringing suit in its name or the name of one or more Note
Purchasers or Noteholders. The Servicer shall prepare and furnish, and the
Trustee shall execute, any powers of attorney and other documents reasonably
necessary or appropriate to enable the Servicer to carry out its servicing and
administrative duties hereunder.

                                      -17-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 4.2. COLLECTION OF RECEIVABLE PAYMENTS; MODIFICATIONS OF
RECEIVABLES; LOCKBOX AGREEMENTS.

          (a) Consistent with the standards, policies and procedures required by
     this Agreement, the Servicer shall make reasonable efforts to collect all
     payments called for under the terms and provisions of the Receivables as
     and when the same shall become due and shall follow such collection
     procedures as it follows with respect to all comparable automotive
     receivables that it services for itself or others; PROVIDED, --------
     HOWEVER, that promptly after the Class A Closing Date (or the related
     Funding Date, as applicable), but in ------- no event more than 30 days
     thereafter, the Servicer shall notify each Obligor to make all payments
     with respect to the Receivables to the applicable Post-Office Box. The
     Servicer will provide each Obligor with a monthly statement in order to
     notify such Obligors to make payments directly to the applicable
     Post-Office Box. The Servicer shall allocate collections between principal
     and interest in accordance with the customary servicing procedures it
     follows with respect to all comparable automotive receivables that it
     services for itself or others and in accordance with the terms of this
     Agreement. Except as provided below, the Servicer, for as long as the
     Seller is the Servicer, may grant extensions on a Receivable in accordance
     with the applicable Contract Purchase Guidelines, if any; PROVIDED,
     HOWEVER, that the Servicer -------- ------- may not grant (x) more than one
     (1) extension per calendar year with respect to a CPS Receivable or grant
     an extension with respect to a CPS Receivable for more than one (1)
     calendar month or grant more than four (4) extensions in the aggregate with
     respect to a CPS Receivable and (y) more than two (2) extensions per
     calendar year with respect to a TFC Receivable or grant an extension with
     respect to a TFC Receivable for more than one (1) calendar month or grant
     more than four (4) extensions in the aggregate with respect to a TFC
     Receivable, in each case without the prior written consent of the
     Controlling Note Purchaser (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In
     no event shall the principal balance of a Receivable be reduced, except in
     connection with a settlement in the event the Receivable becomes a
     Defaulted Receivable. If the Servicer is not the Seller or the Backup
     Servicer, the Servicer may not make any extension on a Receivable without
     the prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser (which consent
     shall not unreasonably be withheld). The Servicer may in its discretion
     waive any prepayment charge, late payment charge or any other similar fees
     that may be collected in the ordinary course of servicing a Receivable.
     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Servicer
     shall not agree to any alteration of the interest rate on any Receivable or
     of the amount of any Scheduled Receivable Payment on Receivables, other
     than to the extent that such alteration is required by applicable law.

          (b) The Servicer shall establish and maintain each Lockbox Account in
     the name of the Purchaser for the benefit of the Trustee for the further
     benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers. Pursuant to each
     Lockbox Agreement, the Trustee has authorized the Servicer to direct
     dispositions of funds on deposit in the related Lockbox Account to the
     Collection Account (but not to any other account), and no other Person,
     except the Lockbox Processor and the Trustee, has authority to direct
     disposition of funds on deposit in such Lockbox Account. However, each
     Lockbox Agreement shall provide that the Lockbox Bank will comply with
     instructions originated by the Trustee relating to the disposition of the
     funds in the related Lockbox Account without further consent by the Seller,
     the Servicer or the Purchaser. The Trustee shall have no liability or
     responsibility with respect to the Lockbox Processor's directions or
     activities as set forth in the preceding sentence. Each Lockbox Account
     shall be established pursuant to and maintained in accordance with the
     related Lockbox Agreement and shall be a demand deposit account established
     and maintained with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, or at the
     request of the Controlling Note Purchaser an Eligible Account satisfying
     clause (i) of the definition thereof; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Trustee
     shall give the Servicer prior written notice of any change made at the
     request of the Controlling Note Purchaser in the location of a Lockbox
     Account. The Servicer shall establish and maintain each Post-Office Box at
     a United States Post Office Branch in the name of the Purchaser for the
     benefit of the Trustee for the further benefit of the Noteholders and the
     Note Purchasers.

          (c) Notwithstanding any Lockbox Agreement, or any of the provisions of
     this Agreement relating to the Lockbox Agreement, the Servicer shall remain
     obligated and liable to the Purchaser, the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and
     the Noteholders for servicing and administering the Receivables and the
     Other Conveyed Property in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement
     without diminution of such obligation or liability by virtue thereof.

                                      -18-
<PAGE>

          (d) In the event the Seller shall for any reason no longer be acting
     as the Servicer hereunder, the Backup Servicer or another successor
     Servicer shall thereupon assume all of the rights and obligations of the
     outgoing Servicer under each Lockbox Agreement. In such event, the Backup
     Servicer or such other successor Servicer shall be deemed to have assumed
     all of the outgoing Servicer's interest therein and to have replaced the
     outgoing Servicer as a party to a Lockbox Agreement to the same extent as
     if such Lockbox Agreement had been assigned to the Backup Servicer or such
     other successor Servicer, except that the outgoing Servicer shall not
     thereby be relieved of any liability or obligations on the part of the
     outgoing Servicer to the Lockbox Bank under such Lockbox Agreement. The
     outgoing Servicer shall, upon request of the Controlling Note Purchaser or
     the Trustee, but at the expense of the outgoing Servicer, deliver to the
     Backup Servicer or such other successor Servicer all documents and records
     relating to the Lockbox Agreements and an accounting of amounts collected
     and held by the Lockbox Bank and otherwise use its best efforts to effect
     the orderly and efficient assignment of the Lockbox Agreements to the
     Backup Servicer or such other successor Servicer. In the event that the
     Controlling Note Purchaser shall elect to change the identity of the
     Lockbox Bank, the Servicer, at its expense, shall cause the Lockbox Bank to
     deliver, at the direction of the Controlling Note Purchaser, to the Trustee
     or a successor Lockbox Bank, all documents and records relating to the
     Receivables and all amounts held (or thereafter received) by the Lockbox
     Bank (together with an accounting of such amounts) and shall otherwise use
     its best efforts to effect the orderly and efficient transfer of the
     Lockbox arrangements.

          (e) On each Business Day, pursuant to the Lockbox Agreements, the
     Lockbox Processor will transfer any payments from Obligors received in the
     Post-Office Boxes to the applicable Lockbox Account. Within two (2)
     Business Days of receipt of funds into a Lockbox Account, the Servicer
     shall cause the Lockbox Bank to transfer cleared funds from such Lockbox
     Account to the Collection Account. In addition, the Servicer shall remit
     all payments by or on behalf of the Obligors received by the Servicer with
     respect to the Receivables (other than Purchased Receivables) and all Net
     Liquidation Proceeds no later than two (2) Business Days following receipt
     directly (without deposit into any intervening account) into the related
     Lockbox Account or the Collection Account. The Servicer shall not commingle
     its assets and funds with those on deposit in the Lockbox Accounts.

     SECTION 4.3. REALIZATION UPON RECEIVABLES. On behalf of the Purchaser, the
Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, the Servicer shall use its
best efforts, consistent with the servicing procedures set forth herein, to
repossess or otherwise convert the ownership of the Financed Vehicle securing
any Receivable as to which the Servicer shall have determined eventual payment
in full is unlikely. The Servicer shall commence efforts to repossess or
otherwise convert the ownership of a Financed Vehicle on or prior to the date
that an Obligor has failed to make more than 90% of a Scheduled Receivable
Payment thereon in excess of $10 for 120 days or more; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
the Servicer may elect not to commence such efforts within such time period if
in its good faith judgment it determines either that it would be impracticable
to do so or that the proceeds ultimately recoverable with respect to such
Receivable would be increased by forbearance. The Servicer shall follow such
customary and usual practices and procedures as it shall deem necessary or
advisable in its servicing of automotive receivables, consistent with the
standards of care set forth in Section 4.2, which may include reasonable efforts
to realize upon any recourse to Dealers or Consumer Lenders (if such Consumer
Lender is not the Seller) and selling the Financed Vehicle at public or private
sale. The foregoing shall be subject to the provision that, in any case in which
the Financed Vehicle shall have suffered damage, the Servicer shall not expend
funds in connection with the repair or the repossession of such Financed Vehicle
unless it shall determine in its discretion exercised in good faith that such
repair and/or repossession will increase the proceeds ultimately recoverable
with respect to such Receivable by an amount greater than the amount of such
expenses.

     SECTION 4.4. INSURANCE.

          (a) The Servicer, in accordance with the servicing procedures and
     standards set forth herein, shall require that (i) each Obligor shall have
     obtained insurance covering the Financed Vehicle, as of the date of the
     execution of the Receivable, insuring against loss and damage due to fire,
     theft, transportation, collision and other risks generally covered by

                                      -19-
<PAGE>

     comprehensive and collision coverage and each Receivable requires the
     Obligor to maintain such physical loss and damage insurance naming the
     Seller and its successors and assigns as an additional insured, (ii) each
     Receivable that finances the cost of premiums for credit life and credit
     accident and health insurance is covered by an insurance policy or
     certificate naming the Seller as policyholder (creditor) and (iii) as to
     each Receivable that finances the cost of an extended service contract, the
     respective Financed Vehicle which secures the Receivable is covered by an
     extended service contract (each, a "RECEIVABLES INSURANCE POLICY").

          (b) To the extent applicable, the Servicer shall not take any action
     which would result in noncoverage under any Receivables Insurance Policy
     which, but for the actions of the Servicer, would have been covered
     thereunder. The Servicer, on behalf of the Purchaser, the Note Purchasers
     and the Noteholders, shall take such reasonable action as shall be
     necessary to permit recovery under each Receivables Insurance Policy. Any
     amounts collected by the Servicer under any Receivables Insurance Policy,
     including, without limitation, proceeds thereof, shall be deposited in the
     Collection Account within two (2) Business Days of receipt.

     SECTION 4.5. MAINTENANCE OF SECURITY INTERESTS IN VEHICLES.

     (a) Consistent with the policies and procedures required by this Agreement,
the Servicer shall take such steps on behalf of the Purchaser, the Note
Purchasers and the Noteholders as are necessary to maintain perfection of the
security interest created by each Receivable in the related Financed Vehicle,
including but not limited to obtaining the authorization or execution by the
Obligors and the recording, registering, filing, re-recording, re-registering
and re-filing of all security agreements, financing statements and continuation
statements or instruments as are necessary to maintain the security interest
granted by the Obligors under the respective Receivables. The Trustee hereby
authorizes the Servicer, and the Servicer agrees, to take any and all steps
necessary to re-perfect or continue the perfection of such security interest on
behalf of the Purchaser and Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and Note
Purchasers as necessary because of the relocation of a Financed Vehicle or for
any other reason. In the event that the assignment of a Receivable to the
Purchaser, and the pledge thereof by the Purchaser to the Trustee for the
benefit of the Noteholders and Note Purchasers is insufficient, without a
notation on the related Financed Vehicle's certificate of title, or without
fulfilling any additional administrative requirements under the laws of the
state in which the Financed Vehicle is located, to perfect a security interest
in the related Financed Vehicle in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, each of the Trustee and the Seller hereby
agrees that the designation of the Seller or TFC, as applicable, as the secured
party on the certificate of title is in respect of the Seller's capacity as
Servicer and TFC's capacity as subservicer, as applicable, as agent of the
Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

     (b) Upon the occurrence and continuance of a Servicer Termination Event,
the Trustee and the Servicer shall take or cause to be taken such action as may,
in the opinion of counsel to the Trustee, which opinion shall be an expense of
the Servicer and shall not be an expense of the Trustee, be necessary to perfect
or re-perfect the security interests in the Financed Vehicles securing the
Receivables in the name of the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note
Purchasers by amending the title documents of such Financed Vehicles or by such
other reasonable means as may, in the opinion of counsel to the Trustee, which
opinion shall be an expense of the Servicer and shall not be an expense of the
Trustee, be necessary or prudent.

     (c) The Seller hereby agrees to pay all expenses related to such perfection
or re-perfection in accordance with clauses (a) and (b) above and to take all
action necessary therefor. In addition, the Controlling Note Purchaser or the
Trustee may instruct the Servicer to take or cause to be taken, and the Servicer
shall take or cause to be taken, such action as may, in the judgment of the
Trustee or the Note Purchaser, be necessary to perfect or re-perfect the
security interest in the Financed Vehicles underlying the Receivables in the
name of the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers,
including by amending the title documents of such Financed Vehicles or by such
other reasonable means as may, in the judgment of the Trustee or the Controlling
Note Purchaser, be necessary or prudent; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if the
Controlling Note Purchaser or the Trustee requests that the title documents be
amended prior to the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, the Servicer
shall carry out such action only to the extent that the out-of-pocket expenses
of the Servicer shall be reimbursed by the Note Purchasers or the Noteholders,
respectively, on a PRO RATA basis (based upon the applicable outstanding
Invested Amounts).

                                      -20-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 4.6. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF SERVICER.

          (a) The Servicer shall not release the Financed Vehicle securing any
     Receivable from the security interest granted by such Receivable in whole
     or in part except in the event of payment in full by the Obligor thereunder
     or repossession or other liquidation of the Financed Vehicle, nor shall the
     Servicer impair the rights of any Noteholder, any Note Purchaser or the
     Trustee in such Receivables, nor shall the Servicer amend or otherwise
     modify a Receivable, except as permitted in accordance with SECTION 4.2.

          (b) The Servicer shall obtain and/or maintain all necessary licenses,
     approvals, authorizations, orders or other actions of any person,
     corporation or other organization, or of any court, governmental agency or
     body or official, required in connection with the execution, delivery and
     performance of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents.

          (c) The Servicer shall not make any material changes to its collection
     policies unless the Controlling Note Purchaser expressly consents in
     writing prior to such changes (which consent shall not be unreasonably
     withheld).

          (d) The Servicer shall provide written notice to the Noteholders and
     the Note Purchasers of any default, event of default, trigger event or
     servicer termination event under any other warehouse financing facility or
     securitization that has occurred and which default, event of default,
     trigger event or servicer termination shall not have been waived or
     otherwise cured within the applicable cure period.

          (e) The Servicer shall reimburse each Note Purchaser and each
     Noteholder for any and all fees or expenses that such Note Purchaser or
     such Noteholder, as applicable, pay to a bank arising out of a return of
     payments from the Purchaser or the Seller deposited for collection by or
     for the benefit of such Note Purchaser or such Noteholder, as applicable.

          (f) The Servicer will not (i) create, incur or suffer to exist, or
     agree to create, incur or suffer to exist, or consent to cause or permit in
     the future (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) the creation,
     incurrence or existence of any lien, security interest, charge, pledge,
     equity, encumbrance or restriction on transferability of the Receivables
     and the Other Conveyed Property except (x) for the lien in favor of the
     Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers and the
     restrictions on transferability imposed by this Agreement or any other
     Basic Document or (y) with respect to any portion of the Receivables and
     the Other Conveyed Property released in a manner permitted by the Basic
     Documents from the lien in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the
     Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, or (ii) sign or file under the UCC of
     any jurisdiction any financing statement which names the Seller, the
     Servicer or the Purchaser as a debtor, or sign any security agreement
     authorizing any secured party thereunder to file such financing statement,
     with respect to the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property, except in each
     case any such instrument solely securing the rights and preserving the lien
     of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

     SECTION 4.7. PURCHASE OF RECEIVABLES UPON BREACH OF COVENANT. Upon
discovery by any of the Servicer, the Purchaser, the Trustee, any Note Purchaser
or any Noteholder of a breach of any of the covenants of the Servicer set forth
in SECTION 4.2(a), 4.4, 4.5 or 4.6, the party discovering such breach shall give
prompt written notice to the others; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the failure to give
any such notice shall not affect any obligation of the Servicer under this
SECTION 4.7. Unless the breach shall have been cured by the last day of the next
Accrual Period following such discovery, the Servicer shall purchase any
Receivable materially and adversely affected by such breach. In consideration of
the purchase of such Receivable, the Servicer shall remit the Purchase Amount
for such Receivable in the manner specified in SECTION 5.6. The sole remedy of
the Trustee, the Purchaser, the Note Purchasers or the Noteholders hereunder
with respect to a breach of SECTION 4.2(a), 4.4, 4.5 or 4.6 shall be to require
the Servicer to repurchase Receivables pursuant to this SECTION 4.7; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that the Servicer shall indemnify the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the
Purchaser, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders against all costs, expenses,
losses, damages, claims and liabilities, including reasonable fees and expenses
of counsel, which may be asserted against or incurred by any of them as a result
of third party claims arising out of the events or facts giving rise to such
breach.

                                      -21-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 4.8. SERVICING FEE. The "SERVICING FEE" for each Settlement Date
shall be equal to the product of one-twelfth times the Servicing Fee Percentage
times the average of the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Eligible Receivables
on the first day of the related Accrual Period and on the last day of such
Accrual Period. The Servicing Fee shall also include all late fees, prepayment
charges including, in the case of a Rule of 78's Receivable that is prepaid in
full, to the extent not required by law to be remitted to the related Obligor,
the difference between the Principal Balance of such Rule of 78's Receivable
(plus accrued interest to the date of prepayment) and the principal balance of
such Receivable computed according to the "Rule of 78's", and other
administrative fees or similar charges allowed by applicable law with respect to
Receivables, collected (from whatever source) on the Receivables. If the Backup
Servicer becomes the successor Servicer, the "Servicing Fee" payable to the
Backup Servicer as successor Servicer shall be determined in accordance with the
Servicing Assumption Agreement.

     SECTION 4.9. SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE. No later than 12:00 noon New York City
time on each Determination Date, the Servicer shall deliver (in
computer-readable format reasonably acceptable to each such Person) to the
Trustee, each Note Purchaser, the Backup Servicer and the Purchaser, a
certificate substantially in the form of EXHIBIT A hereto (a "SERVICER'S
CERTIFICATE") containing among other things, (i) all information necessary to
enable the Trustee to make the distributions required by SECTION 5.7, (ii) all
information necessary for the Trustee to send statements to the Noteholders and
the Note Purchasers pursuant to SECTION 5.8(B) and 5.9, (iii) a listing of all
Purchased Receivables purchased as of the related Accounting Date, identifying
the Receivables so purchased, (iv) the calculation of the Class A Borrowing Base
(including the CPS Borrowing Base and the TFC Borrowing Base) and the Class B
Borrowing Base, in each case as of the last day of the related Accrual Period
and (v) all information necessary to enable the Backup Servicer to verify the
information specified in SECTION 4.14(B) and to complete the accounting required
by SECTION 5.9. In addition to the information set forth in the preceding
sentence, each Servicer's Certificate shall also contain the following
information: (a) whether a Servicer Termination Event or any other Funding
Termination Event has occurred; (b) the Servicer Delinquency Ratio as of the end
of the Related Accrual Period; (c) the Servicer Loss Ratio as of such
Determination Date; (d) so long as the Servicer is CPS, a certification that the
Servicer is in compliance with the financial covenants contained in Sections
10.1(i), (j), (k) and (l) of this Agreement; and (e) such other information
reasonably requested by any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder. The Servicer shall
deliver to the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Note Purchasers, the Backup
Servicer and the Purchaser a hard copy (which may be a facsimile) of any such
Servicer's Certificate upon request of such Person.

     SECTION 4.10. ANNUAL STATEMENT AS TO COMPLIANCE, NOTICE OF SERVICER
TERMINATION EVENT.

          (a) The Servicer shall deliver to the Purchaser, to the Trustee, the
     Note Purchasers and to the Noteholders and the Backup Servicer, on or
     before February 28 of each year beginning February 28, 2007 (in the case of
     the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders) or February 28,
     2008 (in the case of each Class B Note Purchaser and the Class B
     Noteholders), an Officer's Certificate, dated as of December 31 of the
     preceding year, stating that (i) a review of the activities of the Servicer
     during the preceding 12-month period (or in the case of the first such
     certificate for the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders,
     the period from the initial Cutoff Date for the first Class B Funding Date
     to December 31, 2007) and of its performance under this Agreement has been
     made under such officer's supervision and (ii) to the best of such
     officer's knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer has fulfilled all
     its obligations under this Agreement throughout such year (or, in the case
     of the first such certificate, such shorter period), or, if there has been
     a default in the fulfillment of any such obligation, specifying each such
     default known to such officer and the nature and status thereof.

          (b) The Servicer shall deliver to the Trustee, the Noteholders, the
     Note Purchasers and the Backup Servicer, promptly after having obtained
     knowledge thereof, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days
     thereafter, written notice in an Officer's Certificate of any event which
     with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a
     Servicer Termination Event under SECTION 10.1.

     SECTION 4.11. INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS' REPORTS. The Servicer shall cause a
firm of nationally recognized independent certified public accountants (the
"INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS"), who may also render other services to the Servicer
or to the Purchaser, to deliver to the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the Note

                                      -22-
<PAGE>

Purchasers and the Noteholders, on or before March 31 of each year beginning
March 31, 2007, a report dated as of December 31 of the preceding year in form
and substance reasonably acceptable to the Note Purchasers (the "ACCOUNTANTS'
REPORT") and reviewing the Servicer's activities during the preceding 12-month
period, addressed to the Board of Directors of the Servicer, to the Trustee, the
Backup Servicer, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, to the effect that
such firm has examined the financial statements of the Servicer and issued its
report therefor and that such examination (1) was made in accordance with
generally accepted auditing standards, and accordingly included such tests of
the accounting records and such other auditing procedures as such firm
considered necessary in the circumstances; (2) included tests relating to auto
loans serviced for others in accordance with the requirements of the Uniform
Single Attestation Program for Mortgage Bankers (the "PROGRAM"), to the extent
the procedure in the Program are applicable to the servicing obligations set
forth in this Agreement; (3) included an examination of the delinquency and loss
statistics relating to the Servicer's portfolio of automobile and light truck
installment sale contracts and promissory notes and security agreements; and (4)
except as described in the report, disclosed no exceptions or errors in the
records relating to automobile and light truck loans serviced for others that,
in the firm's opinion, paragraph four of the Program requires such firm to
report. The accountant's report shall further state that (1) a review in
accordance with agreed upon procedures was made of two randomly selected
Servicer's Certificates; (2) except as disclosed in the report, no exceptions or
errors in the Servicer's Certificates were found; and (3) the delinquency and
loss information relating to the Receivables and the stated amount of Liquidated
Receivables, if any, contained in the Servicer's Certificates were found to be
accurate. In the event such firm requires the Trustee and/or the Backup Servicer
to agree to the procedures performed by such firm, the Servicer shall direct the
Trustee and/or the Backup Servicer, as applicable, in writing to so agree; it
being understood and agreed that the Trustee and/or the Backup Servicer will
deliver such letter of agreement in conclusive reliance upon the direction of
the Servicer, and neither the Trustee nor the Backup Servicer makes any
independent inquiry or investigation as to, and shall have no obligation or
liability in respect of, the sufficiency, validity or correctness of such
procedures. The Report will also indicate that the firm is independent of the
Servicer within the meaning of the Code of Professional Ethics of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

     SECTION 4.12. INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS' REVIEW OF RECEIVABLE FILES.
Commencing on March 31, 2007 and, thereafter on each June 30, September 30,
December 31 and March 31 (or, with respect to each such date, upon the date of
the closing of Seller's next occurring "CPS Auto Receivables Trust" (or similar)
term securitization transaction, provided that such review is not made more than
120 days after the immediately preceding review) prior to the Class A Final
Scheduled Settlement Date, to the extent that the Class A Invested Amount on any
day in the calendar quarter then ending was greater than $25 million (or such
other dates as the Controlling Note Purchaser may determine in its reasonable
discretion from time to time by prior written notice to the Seller, the Servicer
and the Trustee), the Seller at its own expense shall cause Independent
Accountants reasonably acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser to conduct a
post-funding review of the Seller's compliance with its stated underwriting
policies and verify certain characteristics of the Receivables as of each
Funding Date. The Independent Accountants shall within ten Business Days
complete such physical inspection and limited review and execute and deliver to
Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder a
report summarizing the findings, which report shall be delivered in any case
within 120 days of the previous report delivered in accordance with this Section
4.12. If such review reveals, in the Controlling Note Purchaser's reasonable
opinion, an unsatisfactory number of exceptions, the Controlling Note Purchaser,
in its reasonable discretion, may require a full review of a larger sample of
the Receivables by the Independent Accountants at the expense of the Seller.

     SECTION 4.13. ACCESS TO CERTAIN DOCUMENTATION AND INFORMATION REGARDING
RECEIVABLES. The Servicer shall provide to representatives of the Trustee, the
Backup Servicer, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder reasonable access to
the documentation regarding the Receivables. In each case, such access shall be
afforded without charge but only upon reasonable request and during normal
business hours. Nothing in this Section shall derogate from the obligation of
the Servicer to observe any applicable law prohibiting disclosure of information
regarding the Obligors, and the failure of the Servicer to provide access as
provided in this Section as a result of such obligation shall not constitute a
breach of this Section.

     SECTION 4.14. VERIFICATION OF SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE.

          (a) Concurrently with the delivery by the Servicer of the Servicer's
     Certificate each month, the Servicer will deliver to the Trustee and the
     Backup Servicer and each Note Purchaser a computer diskette (or other
     electronic transmission) in a format acceptable to the Trustee and the

                                      -23-
<PAGE>

     Backup Servicer containing information with respect to the Receivables as
     of the close of business on the last day of the preceding Accrual Period
     which information is necessary for preparation of the Servicer's
     Certificate. The Backup Servicer shall use such computer diskette (or other
     electronic transmission) to verify certain information specified in SECTION
     4.14(b) contained in the Servicer's Certificate delivered by the Servicer,
     and the Backup Servicer shall notify the Servicer, the Note Purchasers and
     the Noteholders of any discrepancies on or before the second Business Day
     following the Determination Date. In the event that the Backup Servicer
     reports any discrepancies, the Servicer and the Backup Servicer shall
     attempt to reconcile such discrepancies by the related Settlement Date, but
     in the absence of a reconciliation, the Servicer's Certificate shall
     control for the purpose of calculations and distributions pursuant to
     clauses (i) through (xi) of Section 5.7(a) hereof and clauses (i) through
     (iii) of Section 5.7(b) hereof, in each case with respect to the related
     Settlement Date. No payments shall be made to the Deposit Account pursuant
     to clause (xii) of Section 5.7(a) hereof or clause (iv) of Section 5.7(b)
     hereof, in each case until any discrepancies shall have been reconciled. In
     the event that the Backup Servicer and the Servicer are unable to reconcile
     discrepancies with respect to a Servicer's Certificate by the related
     Settlement Date, the Backup Servicer shall notify the Note Purchasers and
     the Noteholders of such discrepancy in writing and the Servicer shall cause
     a firm of Independent Accountants, at the Servicer's expense, to audit the
     Servicer's Certificate and, prior to the fifth day of the following
     calendar month, reconcile the discrepancies. The effect, if any, of such
     reconciliation shall be reflected in the Servicer's Certificate for such
     next succeeding Determination Date. Other than the duties specifically set
     forth in this Agreement, the Backup Servicer shall have no obligations
     hereunder, including, without limitation, to supervise, verify, monitor or
     administer the performance of the Servicer. The Backup Servicer shall have
     no liability for any actions taken or omitted by the Servicer. The duties
     and obligations of the Backup Servicer shall be determined solely by the
     express provisions of this Agreement and no implied covenants or
     obligations shall be read into this Agreement against the Backup Servicer.

          (b) The Backup Servicer shall review each Servicer's Certificate
     delivered pursuant to Section 4.14(a) and shall:

          (i) confirm that such Servicer's Certificate is complete on its face;

          (ii) load the computer diskette (which shall be in a format acceptable
     to the Backup Servicer) received from the Servicer pursuant to SECTION
     4.14(A) hereof, confirm that such computer diskette is in a readable form
     and calculate and confirm the Aggregate Principal Balance of the
     Receivables for the most recent Settlement Date; and

          (iii) confirm that the Available Funds, the Class B Available Funds,
     the Class A Noteholder's Principal Distributable Amount, the Class A
     Noteholder's Interest Distributable Amount, the Class B Noteholder's
     Principal Distributable Amount, the Class B Noteholder's Interest
     Distributable Amount, the Servicing Fee, the Backup Servicing Fee, the
     Trustee Fee, the Servicer Delinquency Ratio and the Servicer Loss Ratio in
     the Servicer's Certificate are accurate based solely on the recalculation
     of the Servicer's Certificate.

          (c) Within 30 days of the effective date of any renewal of the Term of
     the Class A Commitment pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Class A Note
     Purchase Agreement, the Backup Servicer will cause an affiliate of the
     Backup Servicer to data map to its servicing system all servicing/loan file
     information, including all relevant borrower contact information such as
     address and phone numbers as well as loan balance and payment information,
     including comment histories and collection notes. On or before the fifth
     calendar day of each month, the Servicer will provide to an affiliate of
     the Backup Servicer and to each Note Purchaser an electronic transmission
     of all servicing/loan information, including all relevant borrower contact
     information such as address and phone numbers as well as loan balance and
     payment information, including comment histories and collection notes, and
     the Backup Servicer will cause such affiliate to review each file to ensure
     that it is in readable form and verify that the data balances conform to
     the trial balance reports received from the Servicer. Additionally, the
     Backup Servicer shall cause such affiliate to store each such file.

                                      -24-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 4.15. RETENTION AND TERMINATION OF SERVICER. The Servicer hereby
covenants and agrees to act as such under this Agreement for monthly terms
commencing on the Class A Closing Date, with the most recent of such terms
commencing as of the date hereof and ending on February 28, 2007, which term may
be extended by the Controlling Note Purchaser for successive monthly terms
pursuant to written instructions delivered by the Controlling Note Purchaser to
the Servicer and the Trustee (or, at the discretion of the Controlling Note
Purchaser exercised pursuant to revocable written standing instructions from
time to time to the Servicer and the Trustee, for any specified number of terms
greater than one), until such time as the Notes, all other Secured Obligations
and any and all other amounts due and payable to the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents have been paid in full (each such
notice, including each notice pursuant to standing instructions, which shall be
deemed delivered at the end of successive terms for so long as such instructions
are in effect, a "SERVICER EXTENSION NOTICE"). The Servicer hereby agrees that,
upon its receipt of any such Servicer Extension Notice or other extension of its
term as Servicer, the Servicer shall become bound, for the duration of the term
covered by such Servicer Extension Notice or for the monthly term, as
applicable, to continue as the Servicer subject to and in accordance with the
other provisions of this Agreement. The Trustee agrees that if as of the
Business Day succeeding the Settlement Date occurring during any term of the
Servicer, the Trustee shall not have received any Servicer Extension Notice as
of such date, the Trustee shall, within five days thereafter, give written
notice of such non-receipt to each Note Purchaser and the Servicer and the
Servicer's term shall not be extended unless a Servicer Extension Notice is
received on or before the last day of such term. The Controlling Note Purchaser
shall have no liability to the other Note Purchasers or the Noteholders arising
out of or relating to any renewal or non-renewal of the term of the Servicer
pursuant to this Section 4.15.

     SECTION 4.16. ERRORS AND OMISSIONS POLICY AND FIDELITY BOND. The Servicer
shall maintain an errors and omissions insurance policy and a fidelity bond in
such form and amount as is customary for comparable servicers engaged in the
business of servicing motor vehicle receivables.

     SECTION 4.17. SUBSERVICING ARRANGEMENTS. The Servicer may arrange for the
subservicing of all or any portion of the Receivables by a subservicer;
provided, however, that such subservicing arrangement must provide for the
servicing of such Receivables in a manner consistent with the servicing
arrangements contemplated hereunder; provided, further, that any such
subservicing arrangement with a Person that is not an Affiliate of CPS shall
require the prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and prior
written notice to the Class B Note Purchasers. Unless the context otherwise
requires, references in this Agreement to actions taken or to be taken by the
Servicer in servicing the Receivables include actions taken or to be taken by a
subservicer on behalf of the Servicer. Notwithstanding the provisions of any
subservicing agreement, any of the provisions of this Agreement relating to
agreements or arrangements between the Servicer and a subservicer or reference
to actions taken through a subservicer or otherwise, the Servicer shall remain
obligated and liable to the Purchaser, the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the
Note Purchasers and the Noteholders for the servicing and administration of the
Receivables in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement without
diminution of such obligation or liability by virtue of such subservicing
agreements or arrangements or by virtue of indemnification from the subservicer
and to the same extent and under the same terms and conditions as if the
Servicer alone were servicing and administering the Receivables. All actions of
each subservicer performed pursuant to a subservicing arrangement shall be
performed as an agent of the Servicer with the same force and effect as if
performed directly by the Servicer. The subservicer under each subservicing
arrangement shall be engaged by the Servicer upon terms consistent with the
engagement of the Servicer hereunder. Each subservicer shall be simultaneously
terminated in the event that the Servicer is terminated hereunder. In addition,
if a subservicing arrangement relates to TFC Managed Receivables, the related
subservicer may be terminated by the Controlling Note Purchaser upon the
occurrence of a TFC Funding Termination Event. The fees paid by the Servicer to
the related subservicer under each subservicing arrangement shall not exceed the
Servicing Fees paid to the Servicer hereunder.

                                      -25-
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE V
                                   ---------

             ACCOUNTS; DISTRIBUTIONS; STATEMENTS TO THE NOTEHOLDERS
             ------------------------------------------------------

     SECTION 5.1. ESTABLISHMENT OF PLEDGED ACCOUNTS.

          (a) The Trustee, on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers,
     shall establish and maintain in its own name an Eligible Account (the
     "COLLECTION ACCOUNT"), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the
     funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf
     of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers. The Collection Account shall
     initially be established with the Trustee.

          (b) The Trustee, on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers,
     shall establish and maintain in its own name an Eligible Account (the "NOTE
     DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT"), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the
     funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf
     of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers. The Note Distribution Account
     shall initially be established with the Trustee.

          (c) The Trustee, on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers,
     shall maintain in its own name an Eligible Account (the "PRINCIPAL FUNDING
     ACCOUNT"), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds
     deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the
     Noteholders and the Note Purchasers. The Principal Funding Account shall
     initially be established with the Trustee.

          (d) Funds on deposit in the Collection Account, the Note Distribution
     Account and the Principal Funding Account (collectively, the "PLEDGED
     ACCOUNTS") shall be invested by the Trustee (or any custodian with respect
     to funds on deposit in any such account) in Eligible Investments selected
     in writing by the Servicer or, after the resignation or termination of CPS
     as Servicer, by the Controlling Note Purchaser (pursuant to standing
     instructions or otherwise) or, with respect to Eligible Investments related
     solely to the Class B Available Funds, the Class B Note Purchasers. All
     such Eligible Investments shall be held by or on behalf of the Trustee for
     the benefit of the applicable Noteholders and the applicable Note
     Purchasers. Other than as permitted by the Controlling Note Purchaser,
     funds on deposit in any Pledged Account shall be invested in Eligible
     Investments that will mature so that such funds will be available at the
     close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the following
     Settlement Date. Funds deposited in a Pledged Account on the day
     immediately preceding a Settlement Date upon the maturity of any Eligible
     Investments are not required to be invested overnight. All Eligible
     Investments will be held to maturity. Notwithstanding anything herein to
     the contrary, none of the Class A Note Purchaser or the Class A Noteholders
     shall have any right, title or interest in, or any right to direct the
     Trustee with respect to, any Class B Available Funds (or Eligible
     Investments or Investment Earnings related thereto) on deposit from time to
     time in the Pledged Accounts.

          (e) All investment earnings of moneys deposited in the Pledged
     Accounts shall be deposited (or caused to be deposited) by the Trustee in
     the Collection Account for distribution pursuant to SECTION 5.7(a) and,
     with respect to Investment Earnings related solely to the Class B Available
     Funds, SECTION 5.7(b), as applicable, and any loss resulting from such
     investments shall be charged to such account. The Servicer will not direct
     the Trustee to make any investment of any funds held in any of the Pledged
     Accounts unless the security interest granted and perfected in such account
     will continue to be perfected in such investment, in either case without
     any further action by any Person, and, in connection with any direction to
     the Trustee to make any such investment, if requested by the Trustee, the
     Servicer shall deliver to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel, acceptable to
     the Trustee, to such effect.

          (f) The Trustee shall not in any way be held liable by reason of any
     insufficiency in any of the Pledged Accounts resulting from any loss on any
     Eligible Investment included therein except for losses attributable to the
     Trustee's negligence or bad faith or its failure to make payments on such
     Eligible Investments issued by the Trustee, in its commercial capacity as
     principal obligor and not as trustee, in accordance with their terms.

                                      -26-
<PAGE>

          (g) If (i) the Servicer or the Controlling Note Purchaser or, solely
     with respect to the Class B Available Funds, the Class B Note Purchasers,
     as applicable, shall have failed to give investment directions for any
     funds on deposit in the Pledged Accounts to the Trustee by 1:00 p.m.
     Eastern Time (or such other time as may be agreed by the Purchaser and
     Trustee) on any Business Day; or (ii) an Event of Default shall have
     occurred and be continuing under the Indenture but the Notes shall not have
     been declared due and payable, or, if the Notes shall have been declared
     due and payable following an Event of Default, amounts collected or
     receivable from the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property are being
     applied as if there had not been such a declaration; then the Trustee
     shall, to the fullest extent practicable, invest and reinvest funds in the
     Pledged Accounts in an Eligible Investment described in PARAGRAPH (a) OR
     (f) of the definition thereof.

          (h) The Trustee shall possess all right, title and interest in all
     funds on deposit from time to time in the Pledged Accounts and in all
     proceeds thereof (including all Investment Earnings on the Pledged
     Accounts) and all such funds, investments, proceeds and income shall be
     part of the Other Conveyed Property and the Collateral, except that any
     such funds, investments, proceeds and income that relate to the Class B
     Available Funds shall be solely part of the Additional Class B Collateral.
     Except as otherwise provided herein, the Pledged Accounts shall be under
     the sole dominion and control of the Trustee for the benefit of the
     Noteholders and the Note Purchasers; provided, however, that none of the
     Class A Note Purchaser or the Class A Noteholders shall have any right,
     title or interest in any Class B Available Funds (or Eligible Investments
     or Investment Earnings related thereto) on deposit from time to time in the
     Pledged Accounts. If at any time any of the Pledged Accounts ceases to be
     an Eligible Account, the Trustee with the consent of the Controlling Note
     Purchaser shall within five Business Days establish a new Pledged Account
     as an Eligible Account and shall transfer any cash and/or any investments
     from the Pledged Account that is no longer an Eligible Account to such new
     Pledged Account. The Trustee shall promptly notify the Servicer, each Note
     Purchaser and each Noteholder of any change in the location of any of the
     aforementioned accounts. In connection with the foregoing, the Trustee
     agrees that, in the event that any of the Pledged Accounts are not accounts
     with the Trustee, the Trustee shall notify the Servicer, each Note
     Purchaser and each Noteholder in writing promptly upon any of such Pledged
     Accounts ceasing to be an Eligible Account.

          (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other
     document relating to a Trust Account, the "securities intermediary's
     jurisdiction" (within the meaning of Section 8-110 of the UCC) or the
     "bank's jurisdiction" (with the meaning of 9-304 of the UCC) as applicable,
     with respect to each Pledged Account shall be the State of New York.

     (j) With respect to the Pledged Account Property, the Trustee agrees that:

               (i) any Pledged Account Property that is held in deposit accounts
          shall be held solely in an Eligible Account; and, except as otherwise
          provided herein, each such Eligible Account shall be subject to the
          exclusive custody and control of the Trustee and the Trustee shall
          have sole signature authority with respect thereto;

               (ii) any Pledged Account Property shall be delivered to the
          Trustee in accordance with the definition of "DELIVERY";

               (iii) except as provided in clause (iv) below, the Servicer shall
          have the power, revocable by the Controlling Note Purchaser, to
          instruct the Trustee to make withdrawals and payments from the Pledged
          Accounts for the purpose of permitting the Servicer and the Trustee to
          carry out their respective duties hereunder; and

               (iv) the Servicer shall have the power, revocable by the Class B
          Note Purchasers, to instruct the Trustee to make withdrawals and
          payments of Class B Available Funds from the Pledged Accounts for the
          purpose of permitting the Servicer and the Trustee to carry out their
          respective duties hereunder.

     SECTION 5.2. ESTABLISHMENT OF DEPOSIT ACCOUNT

                                      -27-
<PAGE>

     The Trustee shall establish and maintain the Deposit Account in the name of
CPS. The Deposit Account shall be established with the Trustee as the Deposit
Account Bank (as defined in the Account Control Agreement) and governed and
maintained in accordance with the provisions of the Account Control Agreement.
All distributions made by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer
to CPS in respect of CPS's equity interest in the Issuer shall be deposited
directly into the Deposit Account. Amounts on deposit in the Deposit Account
shall be invested by the Trustee (or any custodian with respect to funds on
deposit in any such account) in Eligible Investments selected in writing by CPS
(pursuant to standing instructions or otherwise). All investment earnings of
moneys deposited in the Deposit Account shall be held in the Deposit Account
until withdrawn by CPS (unless otherwise provided pursuant to Section 2 of the
Account Control Agreement) or, upon foreclosure, the party entitled thereto
pursuant to the Account Control Agreement, and any loss resulting from such
investments shall be charged to the Deposit Account.

     SECTION 5.3. CERTAIN REIMBURSEMENTS TO THE SERVICER. The Servicer will be
entitled to be reimbursed from amounts on deposit in the Collection Account with
respect to an Accrual Period for amounts previously deposited in the Collection
Account but later determined by the Servicer to have resulted from mistaken
deposits or postings or checks returned for insufficient funds. The amount to be
reimbursed hereunder shall be paid to the Servicer on the related Settlement
Date pursuant to SECTION 5.7(A)(II) upon certification by the Servicer of such
amounts prior to such Settlement Date and the provision of such information to
the Trustee and the Note Purchasers prior to such Settlement Date as may be
necessary in the opinion of the Controlling Note Purchaser to verify the
accuracy of such certification; provided, however, that the Servicer must
provide such certification within three months of it becoming aware of such
mistaken deposit, posting or returned check. In the event that the Controlling
Note Purchaser has not received evidence satisfactory to it of the Servicer's
entitlement to reimbursement pursuant to this Section prior to such Settlement
Date, the Controlling Note Purchaser shall give the Trustee notice to such
effect, following receipt of which the Trustee shall not make a distribution to
the Servicer in respect of such amount pursuant to SECTION 5.7, or if prior
thereto the Servicer has been reimbursed pursuant to SECTION 5.7, the Trustee
shall withhold such amounts from amounts otherwise distributable to the Servicer
on the next succeeding Settlement Date.

     SECTION 5.4. APPLICATION OF COLLECTIONS. All collections for each Accrual
Period shall be applied by the Servicer as follows:

     With respect to each Receivable (other than a Purchased Receivable),
payments by or on behalf of the Obligor shall be applied, in the case of a Rule
of 78's Receivable, first, to the Scheduled Receivable Payment of such Rule of
78's Receivable and, second, to any late fees accrued with respect to such Rule
of 78's Receivable and, in the case of a Simple Interest Receivable, to interest
and principal in accordance with the Simple Interest Method.

     SECTION 5.5. [RESERVED].

     SECTION 5.6. DEPOSITS INTO THE COLLECTION ACCOUNT. The Servicer, the
Issuer, the Purchaser or the Seller, as the case may be, shall each deposit or
cause to be deposited in the Collection Account (i) the Available Funds and the
Class B Available Funds, and (ii) any amounts due the Trustee, any Noteholder,
any Note Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Purchaser (in each case, to the
extent not paid directly thereto) in respect of any indemnification obligation
of the Servicer, the Issuer, the Purchaser or the Seller under the Basic
Documents.

     SECTION 5.7. DISTRIBUTIONS.

          (a) On each Settlement Date prior to the acceleration of the Notes
     following an Event of Default, the Trustee (based on the information
     contained in the Servicer's Certificate delivered on the related
     Determination Date) shall make the following distributions (without
     duplication) in the following order of priority from the Available Funds on
     deposit in the Collection Account:

               (i) to the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as applicable, pro
          rata, in respect of the Backup Servicing Fee (so long as the Backup
          Servicer is not acting as successor Servicer), the Trustee Fee,
          reasonable expenses incurred in connection with transitioning the
          servicing to the Backup Servicer and all other reasonable
          out-of-pocket expenses thereof (including counsel fees and expenses)
          and all unpaid Backup Servicing Fees (so long as the Backup Servicer

                                      -28-
<PAGE>

          is not acting as successor Servicer), Trustee Fees, reasonable
          expenses incurred in connection with transitioning the servicing to
          the Backup Servicer and all other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
          (including counsel fees and expenses) from prior Accrual Periods;
          PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that expenses payable to each of the Backup
          Servicer and Trustee pursuant to this clause (i), excluding amounts
          paid to the Backup Servicer in respect of transition expenses, shall
          be limited to a total of $25,000 per annum (calculated from July 1,
          2006 to June 30, 2007, and each succeeding 364-day period to the
          extent the Term of the Class A Notes is extended pursuant to the Class
          A Note Purchase Agreement); PROVIDED, FURTHER, that the amount of
          transition expenses distributed to the Backup Servicer during the term
          of this Agreement pursuant to this clause (i) shall in no case exceed
          $50,000 in the aggregate;

               (ii) to the Servicer in respect of the Servicing Fee and all
          unpaid Servicing Fees from prior Accrual Periods and all
          reimbursements to which the Servicer is entitled pursuant to SECTION
          5.3 and an amount, not to exceed $35,000 per annum, for payment to the
          taxing authority of the State of Texas on behalf of the Issuer for any
          Texas franchise or similar tax due and owing by the Issuer (or with
          respect to the Receivables) and not timely paid by the Servicer in
          accordance with Section 9.1(m);

               (iii) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class A Noteholders'
          Interest Distributable Amount for such Accrual Period and the Class A
          Unused Facility Fee for such Settlement Date;

               (iv) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class A Noteholders'
          Principal Distributable Amount (including without limitation that
          portion thereof arising out of any Class A Margin Call) for such
          Settlement Date;

               (v) to the Note Distribution Account, any and all other fees,
          expenses, indemnity payments (to the extent not paid directly) and all
          other amounts owing to the Class A Note Purchaser and/or any Class A
          Noteholder under the Basic Documents;

               (vi) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class B Noteholders'
          Interest Distributable Amount for such Accrual Period;

               (vii) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class B Noteholders'
          Principal Distributable Amount (including without limitation that
          portion thereof arising out of any Class B Margin Call) for such
          Settlement Date;

               (viii) to the Servicer for payment to the taxing authority of the
          State of Texas on behalf of the Issuer for any Texas franchise or
          similar tax due and owing by the Issuer (or with respect to the
          Receivables), the amount, if any, to be paid to such taxing authority
          after giving effect to the distribution pursuant to clause (ii) above
          and not timely paid by the Servicer in accordance with Section 9.1(m);

               (ix) to any successor Servicer, its servicing fees in excess of
          the Servicing Fee and, to the extent not previously paid by the
          predecessor Servicer pursuant to this Agreement, reasonable transition
          expenses (up to a maximum of $50,000 in the aggregate over the term of
          this Agreement) incurred in becoming the successor Servicer;

               (x) to the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as applicable, pro
          rata, in respect of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses thereof
          (including counsel fees and expenses) and reasonable out-of-pocket
          expenses (including counsel fees and expenses) from prior Accrual
          Periods to the extent not paid thereto pursuant to SECTION 5.7(A)(I)
          above;

               (xi) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class B Commitment Fee
          and all other fees, expenses, indemnity payments (to the extent not

                                      -29-
<PAGE>

          paid directly) and all other amounts owing to a Class B Note Purchaser
          and/or any Class B Noteholder under the Basic Documents and a Class B
          note purchaser and/or any Class B noteholder under the Bear Basic
          Documents (including without limitation, all Bear Secured
          Obligations); and

               (xii) to the Deposit Account, the remaining amount, if any;
          provided that no amounts shall be paid to the Issuer pursuant to this
          priority (xii) until any amounts owed to any Noteholder and any Note
          Purchaser pursuant to the Basic Documents and any Class B noteholder
          and any Class B note purchaser under the Bear Basic Documents have
          been paid in full and any discrepancies in the Servicer's Certificate
          shall have been reconciled pursuant to Section 4.14(a) hereof.

          (b) On each Settlement Date prior to the acceleration of the Notes
     following an Event of Default, the Trustee (based on the information
     contained in the Servicer's Certificate delivered on the related
     Determination Date) shall make the following distributions (without
     duplication) in the following order of priority from the Class B Available
     Funds on deposit in the Collection Account:

               (i) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class B Noteholders'
          Interest Distributable Amount for such Accrual Period, to the extent
          not previously distributed pursuant to Section 5.7(a)(vi);

               (ii) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class B Noteholders'
          Principal Distributable Amount (including without limitation that
          portion thereof arising out of any Class B Margin Call) for such
          Settlement Date, to the extent not previously distributed pursuant to
          Section 5.7(a)(vii);

               (iii) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class B Commitment
          Fee and all other fees, expenses, indemnity payments (to the extent
          not paid directly) and all other amounts owing to a Class B Note
          Purchaser and/or any Class B Noteholder under the Basic Documents and
          a Class B note purchaser and/or any Class B noteholder under the Bear
          Basic Documents (including without limitation, all Bear Secured
          Obligations), to the extent not previously distributed pursuant to
          Section 5.7(a)(xi); and

               (iv) to the Deposit Account, any remaining amounts; provided that
          no amounts shall be paid to the Issuer pursuant to this priority (iv)
          until any amounts owed to any Class B Noteholder and any Class B Note
          Purchaser pursuant to the Basic Documents and any Class B noteholder
          and any Class B note purchaser under the Bear Basic Documents have
          been paid in full and any discrepancies in the Servicer's Certificate
          shall have been reconciled pursuant to Section 4.14(a) hereof.

          (c) Following an acceleration of the Notes after an Event of Default,
     any money or property that the Trustee collects pursuant to Article V of
     the Indenture shall be paid pursuant to Section 5.6(a) of the Indenture;
     provided, however, that Available Funds and Class B Available Funds shall
     be applied in the order of priority specified in SECTION 5.7(a) and SECTION
     5.7(b) above, respectively.

          (d) In the event that the Collection Account is maintained with an
     institution other than the Trustee, the Servicer shall instruct and cause
     such institution to make all deposits and distributions pursuant to
     SECTIONS 5.7(a) and 5.7(b) on the related Settlement Date.

     SECTION 5.8. NOTE DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT.

          (a) On each Settlement Date (based solely on the information contained
     in the Servicer's Certificate), the Trustee shall distribute all Available
     Funds on deposit in the Note Distribution Account to the Noteholders in
     respect of the Notes to the extent of amounts due and unpaid on the Notes
     for principal and interest, and to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders
     in respect of other amounts due and owing under the Basic Documents (and
     the Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders in respect of
     amounts due and owing under the Bear Basic Documents, as applicable), in
     the following amounts and in the following order of priority (without
     duplication):

                                      -30-
<PAGE>

               (i) to the Class A Noteholders, the Class A Noteholders' Interest
          Distributable Amount and the Class A Unused Facility Fee; PROVIDED
          that if there are not sufficient Available Funds in the Note
          Distribution Account to pay the entire Class A Noteholders' Interest
          Distributable Amount and Class A Unused Facility Fee then due on the
          Class A Notes, the amount in the Note Distribution Account shall be
          applied to the payment of such Class A Noteholders Interest
          Distributable Amount and the Class A Unused Facility Fee, pro rata,
          among the Holders of the Class A Notes;

               (ii) to the Class A Noteholders, in reduction of the Class A
          Invested Amount, the Class A Noteholders' Principal Distributable
          Amount (including without limitation that portion thereof arising out
          of any Class A Margin Call) to pay principal on the Class A Notes
          until the outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes has been
          reduced to zero; PROVIDED that if there are not sufficient Available
          Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account after application of
          clause (i) above to pay the entire Class A Noteholders' Principal
          Distributable Amount (including without limitation that portion
          thereof arising out of any Class A Margin Call) then due on the Class
          A Notes, the Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution
          Account shall be applied to the payment of such Class A Noteholders'
          Principal Distributable Amount (including without limitation that
          portion thereof arising out of any Class A Margin Call), pro rata,
          among the Holders of the Class A Notes;

               (iii) sequentially, to the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A
          Noteholders, in that order, any other amounts due the Class A Note
          Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders, respectively, pursuant to any
          of the Basic Documents; PROVIDED that if there are not sufficient
          Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account after
          application of clauses (i) and (ii) above to pay all of the other
          amounts due to the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders,
          respectively, pursuant to the Basic Documents, the Available Funds
          remaining in the Note Distribution Account shall be applied to the
          payment of such other amounts first, to the Class A Note Purchaser,
          until the amounts due and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser have
          been reduced to zero, and thereafter, pro rata among the Holders of
          the Class A Notes;

               (iv) to the Class B Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders'
          Interest Distributable Amount; PROVIDED that if there are not
          sufficient Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account
          after application of clauses (i) through (iii) above to pay the entire
          Class B Noteholders' Interest Distributable Amount then due on the
          Class B Notes, the Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution
          Account shall be applied to the payment of such Class B Noteholders'
          Interest Distributable Amount pro rata among the Holders of the Class
          B Notes;

               (v) to the Class B Noteholders, in reduction of the Class B
          Invested Amount, the Class B Noteholders' Principal Distributable
          Amount (including without limitation that portion thereof arising out
          of any Class B Margin Call) to pay principal on the Class B Notes
          until the outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes has been
          reduced to zero; PROVIDED that if there are not sufficient Available
          Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account after application of
          clauses (i) through (iv) above to pay the entire Class B Noteholders'
          Principal Distributable Amount (including without limitation that
          portion thereof arising out of any Class B Margin Call) then due on
          the Class B Notes, the Available Funds remaining in the Note
          Distribution Account shall be applied to the payment of such Class B
          Noteholders' Principal Distributable Amount (including without
          limitation that portion thereof arising out of any Class B Margin
          Call) pro rata among the Holders of the Class B Notes;

               (vi) to each Class B Note Purchaser, its respective pro rata
          portion of the Class B Commitment Fee; PROVIDED that if there are not
          sufficient Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account
          after application of clauses (i) through (v) above to pay the entire
          amount of the Class B Commitment Fee, the Available Funds remaining in
          the Note Distribution Account shall be applied to the payment of such
          Class B Commitment Fee pro rata among the Class B Note Purchasers; and

                                      -31-
<PAGE>

               (vii) sequentially, to each Class B Note Purchaser and the Class
          B Noteholders (or each Class B note purchaser and the Class B
          noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents, as applicable), in that
          order, any other amounts due each Class B Note Purchaser and the Class
          B Noteholders (or each Class B note purchaser and the Class B
          noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents, as applicable),
          respectively, pursuant to any of the Basic Documents and the Bear
          Basic Documents (including, without limitation, the Bear Secured
          Obligations); PROVIDED that if there are not sufficient Available
          Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account after application of
          clauses (i) through (vi) above to pay all of the other amounts due to
          the Class B Note Purchaser and the Class B Noteholders (or each Class
          B note purchaser and the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic
          Documents, as applicable), respectively, pursuant to the Basic
          Documents and the Bear Basic Documents, the Available Funds remaining
          in the Note Distribution Account shall be applied to the payment of
          such other amounts FIRST, pro rata to each Class B Note Purchaser,
          until the amounts due and owing to each Class B Note Purchaser have
          been reduced to zero, SECOND, pro rata among the Holders of the Class
          B Notes, until the amounts due and owing to each Class B Noteholder
          have been reduced to zero, THIRD, pro rata to each Class B note
          purchaser under the Bear Basic Documents until the amounts due and
          owing to each Class B note purchaser thereunder have been reduced to
          zero, and FOURTH, pro rata, among the Class B noteholders under the
          Bear Basic Documents, until the amounts due and outstanding thereunder
          have been reduced to zero.

          (b)  On each Settlement Date (based solely on the information
     contained in the Servicer's Certificate), the Trustee shall distribute all
     Class B Available Funds on deposit in the Note Distribution Account to the
     Class B Noteholders in respect of the Class B Notes to the extent of
     amounts due and unpaid on the Class B Notes for principal and interest, and
     to the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders in respect of
     other amounts due and owing under the Basic Documents, and to the Class B
     note purchasers and the Class B noteholders in respect of other amounts due
     and owing under the Bear Basic Documents (including without limitation, the
     Bear Secured Obligations), in the following amounts and in the following
     order of priority (without duplication):

               (i)  to the Class B Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders'
          Interest Distributable Amount, to the extent not distributed pursuant
          to Section 5.8(a)(iv); PROVIDED that if there are not sufficient Class
          B Available Funds in the Note Distribution Account to pay the entire
          Class B Noteholders' Interest Distributable Amount then due on the
          Class B Notes, the Class B Available Funds in the Note Distribution
          Account shall be applied to the payment of such Class B Noteholders'
          Interest Distributable Amount pro rata among the Holders of the Class
          B Notes;

               (ii) to the Class B Noteholders, in reduction of the Class B
          Invested Amount, the Class B Noteholders' Principal Distributable
          Amount (including without limitation that portion thereof arising out
          of any Class B Margin Call), to the extent not distributed pursuant to
          Section 5.8(a)(v), to pay principal on the Class B Notes until the
          outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes has been reduced to
          zero; PROVIDED that if there are not sufficient Class B Available
          Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account after application of
          clause (i) above to pay the entire Class B Noteholders' Principal
          Distributable Amount (including without limitation that portion
          thereof arising out of any Class B Margin Call) then due on the Class
          B Notes, the Class B Available Funds remaining in the Note
          Distribution Account shall be applied to the payment of such Class B
          Noteholders' Principal Distributable Amount (including without
          limitation that portion thereof arising out of any Class B Margin
          Call) pro rata among the Holders of the Class B Notes;

               (iii) to each Class B Note Purchaser, its respective pro rata
          portion of the Class B Commitment Fee, to the extent not distributed
          pursuant to Section 5.8(a)(vi); PROVIDED that if there are not
          sufficient Class B Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution
          Account after application of clauses (i) and (ii) above to pay the
          entire amount of the Class B Commitment Fee, the Class B Available
          Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account shall be applied to
          the payment of such Class B Commitment Fee pro rata among the Class B
          Note Purchasers; and

                                      -32-
<PAGE>

               (iv) sequentially, to each Class B Note Purchaser and the Class B
          Noteholders (or each Class B note purchaser and the Class B
          noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents, as applicable), in that
          order, any other amounts due each Class B Note Purchaser and the Class
          B Noteholders (or each Class B note purchaser and the Class B
          noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents, as applicable),
          respectively, pursuant to any of the Basic Documents and the Bear
          Basic Documents (including without limitation, the Bear Secured
          Obligations), to the extent not previously distributed pursuant to
          Section 5.8(a)(vii); PROVIDED that if there are not sufficient Class B
          Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account after
          application of clauses (i) through (iii) above to pay all of the other
          amounts due to the Class B Note Purchaser and the Class B Noteholders
          (or each Class B note purchaser and the Class B noteholders under the
          Bear Basic Documents, as applicable), respectively, pursuant to the
          Basic Documents and the Bear Basic Documents, the Class B Available
          Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account shall be applied to
          the payment of such other amounts FIRST, pro rata to each Class B Note
          Purchaser, until the amounts due and owing to each Class B Note
          Purchaser have been reduced to zero, SECOND, pro rata among the
          Holders of the Class B Notes, until the amounts due and owing to each
          Class B Noteholder have been reduced to zero, THIRD, pro rata to each
          Class B note purchaser under the Bear Basic Documents until the
          amounts due and owing to each Class B note purchaser thereunder have
          been reduced to zero, and FOURTH, pro rata, among the Class B
          noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents, until the amounts due and
          outstanding thereunder have been reduced to zero.

          (c)  On each Settlement Date, the Trustee shall provide or make
     available electronically (or, upon written request, by first class mail or
     facsimile) to the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers the statement or
     statements provided to the Trustee by the Servicer pursuant to SECTION 5.9
     hereof on such Settlement Date; PROVIDED HOWEVER, the Trustee shall have no
     obligation to provide such information described in this SECTION 5.8(B)
     until it has received the requisite information from the Servicer.

     SECTION 5.9. STATEMENTS TO NOTEHOLDERS. (a) On the Determination Date (in
accordance with Section 4.9), the Servicer shall provide to the Trustee, the
Note Purchasers and the Noteholders on the related Record Date a copy of the
Servicer's Certificate setting forth at least the following information as to
the Notes to the extent applicable in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT A:

               (i)  the amount of such distribution allocable to principal of
          each class of Notes;

               (ii) the amount of such distribution allocable to interest on or
          with respect to each class of Notes;

               (iii) the Aggregate Principal Balance as of the close of business
          on the last day of the preceding Accrual Period;

               (iv) the Class A Invested Amount and the Class B Invested Amount;

               (v)  the amount of the Servicing Fee paid to the Servicer with
          respect to the related Accrual Period, and the amount of any unpaid
          Servicing Fees and the change in such amount from the prior Settlement
          Date;

               (vi) (A) the amount of each of the Backup Servicing Fee and the
          Trustee Fee paid to the Backup Servicer and the Trustee as applicable,
          with respect to the related Accrual Period, (B) the amount of any
          unpaid Backup Servicing Fees and Trustee Fees and the change in such
          amounts from the prior Settlement Date, (C) the amount of all expenses
          paid to the Trustee and the Backup Servicer, with respect to the
          related Accrual Period, and (D) the difference between the maximum per
          annum amount payable to the Trustee and Backup Servicer in respect of
          expenses (other than servicing transition expenses) as set forth in
          Section 5.7(a)(i) and the amount paid to the Backup Servicer and
          Trustee year-to-date (to and including the related Settlement Date) in
          respect of such expenses;

                                      -33-
<PAGE>

               (vii) the Class A Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall, the
          Class A Noteholders' Principal Carryover Shortfall, the Class B
          Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall, and the Class B
          Noteholders' Principal Carryover Shortfall, if any;

               (viii) the number of Receivables and the aggregate gross amount
          scheduled to be paid thereon, including unearned finance and other
          charges, for which the related Obligors are delinquent in making
          Scheduled Receivable Payments for (a) 31 to 45 days and (b) 46 days or
          more, in each case as of the last day of the related Accrual Period;

               (ix) the amount of aggregate Realized Losses, if any, for the
          related Accrual Period;

               (x)  the number of, and the aggregate Purchase Amounts for,
          Receivables, if any, that were repurchased during the related Interest
          Period and summary information as to losses and delinquencies with
          respect to the Receivables as of the end of the related Accrual
          Period;

               (xi) the amount of any Texas Franchise Tax due and owing by the
          Issuer to the taxing authority of the State of Texas on or prior to
          the related Settlement Date or paid by the Servicer on behalf of the
          Issuer since the prior Settlement Date;

               (xii) the cumulative amount of Realized Losses from the initial
          Cutoff Date to the last day of the related Accrual Period; and

               (xiii) the Servicer Delinquency Ratio as of the end of the
          related Accrual Period and the Servicer Loss Ratio as of the related
          Determination Date.

          (b)  Within 60 days after the end of each calendar year, commencing
     February 28, 2007, the Servicer shall deliver to the Trustee, and the
     Trustee shall, provided it has received the necessary information from the
     Servicer, promptly thereafter furnish to each Noteholder (a) a report
     (prepared by the Servicer) as to the aggregate of the amounts reported
     pursuant to subclauses (i), (ii), (v) and (vi) of Section 5.9(a) for such
     preceding calendar year, and (b) such information as may be reasonably
     requested by any Noteholder or required by the Code and regulations
     thereunder, to enable such Noteholder to prepare its Federal and State
     income tax returns. The obligation of the Trustee set forth in this
     paragraph shall be deemed to have been satisfied to the extent that
     substantially comparable information shall be provided by the Servicer to
     such Noteholder pursuant to any requirements of the Code.

          (c)  The Trustee may make available to the Note Purchasers and the
     Noteholders via the Trustee's Internet Website, all statements described
     herein and, with the consent or at the direction of the Seller, such other
     information regarding the Notes and/or the Receivables as the Trustee may
     have in its possession, but only with the use of a password provided by the
     Trustee. The Trustee will make no representation or warranties as to the
     accuracy or completeness of such documents accurately posted and will
     assume no responsibility therefor. The Trustee's Internet Website shall be
     initially located at WWW.CTSLINK.COM or at such other address as shall be
     specified by the Trustee from time to time in writing to the Noteholders
     and the Note Purchasers. In connection with providing access to the
     Trustee's Internet Website, the Trustee may require registration and the
     acceptance of a disclaimer. The Trustee shall not be liable for the
     dissemination of information in accordance with this Agreement.

     SECTION 5.10. DIVIDEND OF INELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES. The Issuer may on the
last day of the month in which any Receivables are sold into a securitization
transaction distribute any Ineligible Receivables to the Seller as a dividend,
free of the deemed security interest referred to in Section 2.2 hereof; PROVIDED
THAT there is no Borrowing Base Deficiency immediately after such dividend.

                                      -34-
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   ----------

                                   [RESERVED]
                                   ----------

                                   ARTICLE VII
                                   -----------

                                  THE PURCHASER
                                  -------------

     SECTION 7.1. REPRESENTATIONS OF PURCHASER. The Purchaser makes the
following representations on which the Noteholders shall be deemed to have
relied in purchasing the Notes and the applicable Note Purchasers shall have
been deemed to have relied in making each Advance. The representations speak as
of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of each Funding Date, and
shall survive the sale of the Receivables to the Purchaser and the pledge
thereof to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders pursuant to the Indenture.

          (a)  ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING. The Purchaser has been duly
     formed and is validly existing as a limited liability company solely under
     the laws of the state of Delaware and is in good standing under the laws of
     the State of Delaware, with power and authority to own its properties and
     to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such
     business is currently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and now
     has, power, authority and legal right to acquire, own and pledge the
     Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property pledged to the Trustee for the
     benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders and to enter into and
     perform its other obligations under this Agreement and each other Basic
     Document to which it is a party.

          (b)  DUE QUALIFICATION. The Purchaser is duly qualified to do business
     as a foreign limited liability company in good standing, and has obtained
     all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the
     ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business (including,
     without limitation, (i) the purchase of Receivables from CPS, (ii) the
     pledge of Collateral to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers
     and the Noteholders pursuant to Granting Clause I of the Indenture, (iii)
     the pledge of the Pledged Subordinate Securities to the Trustee for the
     benefit of the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders pursuant
     to Granting Clause II of the Indenture, (iv) the pledge of the UBS Cross
     Collateral to the Bear Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B
     note purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents
     pursuant to Granting Clause III of the Indenture, and (v) the performance
     of its other obligations under this Agreement and each other Basic
     Document) shall require such qualifications.

          (c)  POWER AND AUTHORITY. The Purchaser has the power (limited
     liability company and other) and authority, and has all material government
     licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals necessary to own its
     assets and carry on its business as now being conducted, to execute and
     deliver this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it is a party
     and to carry out its terms and their terms, respectively; the Purchaser has
     full power and authority to pledge (x) the Collateral to be pledged to the
     Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders by it
     pursuant to Granting Clause I of the Indenture, (y) the Pledged Subordinate
     Securities to be pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B Note
     Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders by it pursuant to Granting Clause II
     of the Indenture, and (z) the UBS Cross Collateral to be pledged to the
     Bear Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and
     the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents by it pursuant to
     Granting Clause III of the Indenture, and has duly authorized such pledges
     to the Trustee and the Bear Indenture Trustee, as applicable, for the
     benefit of the applicable Persons by all necessary corporate action; and
     the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Basic
     Documents to which the Purchaser is a party have been duly authorized by
     the Purchaser by all necessary action.

          (d)  VALID SALE. BINDING OBLIGATIONS. (A) This Agreement effects a
     valid sale of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property, enforceable
     against the Seller and creditors of and purchasers from the Seller, (B)
     Granting Clause I of the Indenture constitutes a valid pledge of the
     Collateral which constitutes a first priority perfected security interest
     in the Collateral, subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor
     Agreement, in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and

                                      -35-
<PAGE>

     the Note Purchasers, (C) Granting Clause II of the Indenture constitutes a
     valid pledge of the Pledged Subordinate Securities which constitutes a
     first priority perfected security interest in the Pledged Subordinate
     Securities in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B
     Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers, and (D) Granting Clause III of
     the Indenture constitutes a valid pledge of the UBS Cross Collateral,
     subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, which
     constitutes a second priority perfected security interest in the UBS Cross
     Collateral (subject only to the Lien Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I
     of the Indenture) in favor of the Bear Indenture Trustee for the benefit of
     the Class B noteholders and the Class B note purchasers under the Bear
     Basic Documents, in each case enforceable against the Issuer and creditors
     of and purchasers from the Issuer, and this Agreement and the other Basic
     Documents to which the Purchaser is a party, when duly executed and
     delivered, shall constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the
     Purchaser enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as
     enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or
     other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally
     and by equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies,
     regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in
     equity or at law.

          (e)  NO VIOLATION. The consummation of the transactions contemplated
     by this Agreement and the other Basic Documents and the fulfillment of the
     terms of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents shall not conflict
     with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of or
     constitute (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) a default under
     the Certificate of Formation or the LLC Agreement, or any indenture,
     agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which the
     Purchaser is a party or by which it is bound, or result in the creation or
     imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of
     any such indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument,
     other than the Basic Documents, or violate any law, order, rule,
     regulation, ordinance or directive of any Governmental Authority applicable
     to the Purchaser of any court or of any federal or state regulatory body,
     administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having
     jurisdiction over the Purchaser or any of its properties.

          (f)  NO PROCEEDINGS. There are no proceedings or investigations
     pending or, to the Purchaser's knowledge after due inquiry, threatened
     against the Purchaser, before any court, regulatory body, administrative
     agency or other tribunal or governmental instrumentality having
     jurisdiction over the Purchaser or its properties (A) asserting the
     invalidity of this Agreement, any class of Notes or any of the Basic
     Documents, (B) seeking to prevent the issuance of any class of Notes or the
     consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
     any of the Basic Documents, (C) seeking any determination or ruling that
     might materially and adversely affect the performance by the Purchaser of
     its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement
     or any of the Basic Documents or otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect
     or result in a Material Adverse Change in respect of the Receivables or the
     business, operations, financial condition, properties, assets or prospects
     of Purchaser, or (D) relating to the Purchaser, the Collateral, the Pledged
     Subordinate Securities or the UBS Cross Collateral and which might
     adversely affect the federal or State income, excise, franchise or similar
     tax attributes of the Notes.

          (g)  NO CONSENTS. The Purchaser is not required to obtain the consent
     of any other Person and no consent, approval, authorization or order of or
     declaration or filing with any governmental authority is required for
     conduct of the Purchaser's business, the issuance or sale of the Notes or
     the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement
     and the other Basic Documents, except such as have been duly made or
     obtained or as may be required by the Basic Documents.

          (h)  TAX RETURNS. The Purchaser has filed all federal and state tax
     returns that are required to be filed and paid all taxes, including any
     assessments received by it, to the extent that such taxes have become due.
     Any taxes, fees and other governmental charges payable by the Purchaser in
     connection with consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which the Purchaser is a party
     and the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the other Basic
     Documents to which the Purchaser is a party have been paid or shall have
     been paid at or prior to the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date.

                                      -36-
<PAGE>

          (i)  OTHER OBLIGATIONS. The Purchaser is not in default in the
     performance, observance or fulfillment of any obligation, covenant or
     condition in any of the Basic Documents to which it is a party or in any
     other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is
     bound the result of which would have a Material Adverse Effect or result in
     a Material Adverse Change.

          (j)  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE. The chief executive office of the
     Purchaser is at 16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine, CA 92618.

          (k)  CERTIFICATE, STATEMENTS AND REPORTS. The officer's certificates,
     statements, reports and other documents prepared by the Purchaser and
     furnished by the Purchaser to the Trustee, any Note Purchaser or any
     Noteholder pursuant to this Agreement or any other Basic Document to which
     it is a party, or otherwise in connection with the transactions
     contemplated hereby or thereby, when taken as a whole, do not contain any
     untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
     necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not
     misleading.

          (l)  LEGAL COUNSEL, ETC. The Purchaser consulted with its own legal
     counsel and independent accountants to the extent it deems necessary
     regarding the tax, accounting and regulatory consequences of the
     transactions contemplated hereby, the Purchaser is not participating in
     such transactions in reliance on any representations of any other party,
     their affiliates, or their counsel with respect to tax, accounting,
     regulatory or any other matters.

          (m)  NO DEFAULT. The Purchaser is not in default in the performance,
     observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or
     conditions contained in, and is not otherwise in default under (i) any law
     or statute applicable to it, including, without limitation, any Consumer
     Law, (ii) any judgment, decree, writ, injunction, order, award or other
     action of any court or governmental authority or arbitrator or any order,
     rule or regulation of any federal, state, county, municipal or other
     governmental or public authority or agency having or asserting jurisdiction
     over it or any of its properties or (iii) (x) any indebtedness or any
     instrument or agreement under or pursuant to which any such indebtedness
     has been, or could be, issued or incurred or (y) any other instrument or
     agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound or any of its
     properties is affected, including, without limitation, the Basic Documents,
     that either individually or in the aggregate, (A) would result in a
     Material Adverse Change with respect to the Purchaser, or in any impairment
     of the right or ability of the Purchaser to carry on its business
     substantially as now conducted or (B) would result in a Material Adverse
     Effect.

          (n)  ERISA. The Purchaser does not maintain any Plans, and the
     Purchaser agrees to notify each Note Purchaser in advance of forming any
     Plans. Neither the Issuer nor any Affiliate of the Purchaser (other than
     MFN under the MFN Financial Corporation Pension Plan and CPS under its
     defined contribution (401(k)) plan) has any obligations or liabilities with
     respect to any Plans or Multiemployer Plans, nor have any such Persons had
     any obligations or liabilities with respect to any such Plans during the
     five year period prior to the date this representation is made or deemed
     made. The Purchaser will give notice to each Note Purchaser and each
     Noteholder if at any time it or any Affiliate has any obligations or
     liabilities with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan. All Plans
     maintained by the Purchaser or any Affiliate are in substantial compliance
     with all applicable laws (including ERISA). The Purchaser is not an
     employer under any Multiemployer Plan.

          (o)  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. The Purchaser has complied and will comply
     in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations,
     judgments, agreements, decrees and orders with respect to its business and
     properties.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                  ------------

                                   THE SELLER
                                   ----------

     SECTION 8.1. REPRESENTATIONS OF SELLER. The Seller makes the following
representations on which the Purchaser shall be deemed to have relied in
acquiring the Receivables, the Noteholders shall be deemed to have relied in
purchasing the Notes and the applicable Note Purchasers shall have been deemed
to have relied in making each Advance. The representations speak as of the

                                      -37-
<PAGE>

execution and delivery of this Agreement, as of the Closing Date and as of each
Funding Date, and shall survive the sale of the Receivables to the Purchaser and
the pledge thereof by the Purchaser to the Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchasers pursuant to the Indenture.

          (a)  ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING. The Seller has been duly
     organized and is validly existing as a corporation solely under the laws of
     the State of California and is in good standing under the laws of the State
     of California, with power and authority to own its properties and to
     conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such
     business is currently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and now
     has, power, authority and legal right to acquire, own and sell the
     Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property transferred to the Purchaser
     and to perform its other obligations under this Agreement or any other
     Basic Documents to which it is a party.

          (b)  DUE QUALIFICATION. The Seller is duly qualified to do business as
     a foreign corporation in good standing and has obtained all necessary
     licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or
     lease of property or the conduct of its business (including, without
     limitation, the origination or purchase of motor vehicle retail installment
     sale contracts or installment promissory note and security agreements, the
     sale of the Receivables to the Purchaser hereunder, the servicing of the
     Receivables as required by this Agreement, and its other obligations
     hereunder and under the other Basic Documents) requires or shall require
     such qualification except where the failure to so qualify or obtain such
     licenses or consents would not result in a Material Adverse Effect or a
     Material Adverse Change.

          (c)  POWER AND AUTHORITY. The Seller has the power (corporate and
     other) and authority, and has all material government licenses,
     authorizations, consents and approvals necessary to own its assets and
     carry on its business as now being conducted, to execute and deliver this
     Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it is a party and to carry
     out its terms and their terms, respectively; the Seller has full power and
     authority to sell and assign the Receivables and the Other Conveyed
     Property to be sold and assigned to and deposited with the Purchaser by it
     and has duly authorized such sale and assignment to the Purchaser by all
     necessary corporate action; and the execution, delivery and performance of
     this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which the Seller is a party have
     been duly authorized by the Seller by all necessary corporate action.

          (d)  VALID SALE; BINDING OBLIGATIONS. This Agreement effects a valid
     sale, transfer and assignment of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed
     Property to the Purchaser, enforceable against the Seller and creditors of
     and purchasers from the Seller; and this Agreement and the Basic Documents
     to which the Seller is a party, when duly executed and delivered, shall
     constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Seller enforceable
     in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be
     limited, by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws
     affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by equitable
     limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether
     such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

          (e)  NO VIOLATION. The consummation of the transactions contemplated
     by this Agreement and the Basic Documents and the fulfillment of the terms
     of this Agreement and the Basic Documents does not conflict with, result in
     any breach of any of the terms and provisions of or constitute (with or
     without notice, lapse of time or both) a default under the certificate of
     incorporation or by-laws of the Seller, or any indenture, agreement,
     mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which the Seller is a party
     or by which it is bound, or result in the creation or imposition of any
     Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such
     indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument, other
     than the Basic Documents, or violate any law, order, rule, regulation,
     ordinance or directive of any Governmental Authority applicable to the
     Seller of any court or of any federal or state regulatory body,
     administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having
     jurisdiction over the Seller or any of its properties.

          (f)  NO PROCEEDINGS. There are no proceedings or investigations
     pending or, to the Seller's knowledge, threatened against the Seller,
     before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other tribunal
     or governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Seller or its
     properties (A) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any of the
     Basic Documents, (B) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the
     consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or

                                      -38-
<PAGE>

     any of the Basic Documents, or (C) seeking any determination or ruling that
     might materially and adversely affect the performance by the Seller of its
     obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or
     any of the other Basic Documents or otherwise have a Material Adverse
     Effect or result in a Material Adverse Change in respect of the Seller or
     (D) relating to the Seller or the Receivables or Other Conveyed Property
     and which might adversely affect the federal or State income, excise,
     franchise or similar tax attributes of the Notes.

          (g)  NO CONSENTS. No consent, approval, authorization or order of or
     declaration or filing with any governmental authority is required for the
     conduct of the Seller's business, the issuance or sale of the Notes or the
     consummation of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
     the Basic Documents, except such as have been duly made or obtained.

          (h)  FINANCIAL CONDITION. The Seller has a positive net worth and is
     able to and does pay its liabilities as they mature. The Seller is not in
     default under any obligation to pay money to any Person except for matters
     being disputed in good faith which do not involve an obligation of the
     Seller on a promissory note. The Seller will not use the proceeds from the
     transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents to give any preference to
     any creditor or class of creditors, and such transactions will not leave
     the Seller with remaining assets which are unreasonably small compared to
     its ongoing operations.

          (i)  FRAUDULENT CONVEYANCE. The Seller is not selling the Receivables
     to the Purchaser with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its
     creditors; the Seller will not be rendered insolvent as a result of the
     sale of the Receivables to the Purchaser.

          (j)  TAX RETURNS. The Seller has filed all material federal and state
     tax returns that are required to be filed and paid all material taxes,
     including any assessments received by it, to the extent that such taxes
     have become due (other than taxes, the amount or validity of which are
     currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with
     respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the
     books of the Seller). Any taxes, fees and other governmental charges
     payable by the Seller in connection with consummation of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which the
     Seller is a party and the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and
     the other Basic Documents to which the Seller is a party have been paid or
     shall have been paid as of each Funding Date.

          (k)  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE. The Seller has more than one place of
     business, and the chief executive office of the Seller is at 16355 Laguna
     Canyon Road, Irvine, CA 92618 and its organizational number is 1682500.

          (l)  CERTIFICATE, STATEMENTS AND REPORTS. The officer's certificates,
     statements, reports and other documents prepared by Seller and furnished by
     Seller to the Purchaser, the Trustee, any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder
     pursuant to this Agreement or any other Basic Document to which it is a
     party, or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby
     or thereby, when taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a
     material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
     statements contained herein or therein not misleading.

          (m)  LEGAL COUNSEL, ETC. Seller consulted with its own legal counsel
     and independent accountants to the extent it deems necessary regarding the
     tax, accounting and regulatory consequences of the transactions
     contemplated hereby, Seller is not participating in such transactions in
     reliance on any representations of any other party, their affiliates, or
     their counsel with respect to tax, accounting and regulatory matters.

          (n)  NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2006. No Material
     Adverse Change has occurred with respect to the Seller since the end of the
     quarter reported on in the Seller's Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on
     October 27, 2006.

                                      -39-
<PAGE>

          (o)  NO DEFAULT. The Seller is not in default in the performance,
     observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or
     conditions contained in, and is not otherwise in default under (i) any law
     or statute applicable to it, including, without limitation, any Consumer
     Law, (ii) any judgment, decree, writ, injunction, order, award or other
     action of any court or governmental authority or arbitrator or any order,
     rule or regulation of any federal, state, county, municipal or other
     governmental or public authority or agency having or asserting jurisdiction
     over it or any of its properties or (iii) (x) any indebtedness or any
     instrument or agreement under or pursuant to which any such indebtedness
     has been, or could be, issued or incurred or (y) any other instrument or
     agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound or any of its
     properties is affected, including, without limitation, the Basic Documents,
     that either individually or in the aggregate, (A) would result in a
     Material Adverse Change with respect to the Seller, or in any impairment of
     the right or ability of the Seller to carry on its business substantially
     as now conducted or (B) would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

          (p)  OTHER OBLIGATIONS. The Seller is not in default in the
     performance, observance or fulfillment of any obligation, covenant or
     condition in any of the Basic Documents to which it is a party or in any
     agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound the
     result of which would have a Material Adverse Effect or result in a
     Material Adverse Change.

          (q)  ERISA. The Seller does not maintain any Plans (other than its
     defined contribution (401(k)) plan and the MFN Financial Corporation
     Pension Plan), and the Seller agrees to notify each Note Purchaser in
     advance of forming any Plans. Neither the Seller nor any Affiliate of the
     Seller (other than MFN under the MFN Financial Corporation Pension Plan)
     has any obligations or liabilities with respect to any Plans or
     Multiemployer Plans, nor have any such Persons had any obligations or
     liabilities with respect to any such Plans during the five year period
     prior to the date this representation is made or deemed made. The Seller
     will give notice to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder if at any time
     it or any Affiliate has any obligations or liabilities with respect to any
     Plan or Multiemployer Plan. All Plans maintained by the Seller or any
     Affiliate are in substantial compliance with all applicable laws (including
     ERISA). The Seller is not an employer under any Multiemployer Plan.

          (r)  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. The Seller has complied and will comply in
     all material respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations,
     judgments, agreements, decrees and orders with respect to its business and
     properties.

     SECTION 8.2. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE SELLER.

          (a)  SALE. The Seller agrees to treat the conveyances hereunder as
     financings for tax and accounting purposes and as sales for all other
     purposes (including without limitation legal and bankruptcy purposes) on
     all relevant books, records, tax returns, financial statements and other
     applicable documents.

          (b)  NON-PETITION. In the event of any breach of a representation and
     warranty made by the Purchaser hereunder, the Seller covenants and agrees
     that it will not take any action to pursue any remedy that it may have
     hereunder, in law, in equity or otherwise, until a year and a day have
     passed since the date on which each class of Notes issued by the Issuer and
     any and all other amounts due and owing to the Noteholders and the Note
     Purchasers pursuant to the Basic Documents have been paid in full. The
     Purchaser and the Seller agree that damages will not be an adequate remedy
     for breach of this covenant and that this covenant may be specifically
     enforced by the Purchaser, by the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and
     the Note Purchasers, by any Note Purchaser or by any Noteholder.

          (c)  CHANGES TO CONTRACT PURCHASE GUIDELINES. The Seller covenants
     that it will not make any material credit-related changes to the Contract
     Purchase Guidelines or allow any material credit-related changes to TFC's
     Contract Purchase Guidelines without the prior written consent of the
     Controlling Note Purchaser (which consent shall not unreasonably be
     withheld). The Seller covenants to provide prompt prior written notice to
     each Note Purchaser upon any material change made to the Seller's or TFC's
     Contract Purchase Guidelines.

                                      -40-
<PAGE>

          (d)  COOPERATION. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
     continuing, Seller shall cooperate with and provide all information and
     access requested by the Trustee, any Note Purchaser and/or any Noteholder
     in connection with any actions taken pursuant to SECTION 5.4 of the
     Indenture.

          (e)  CONSENTS TO WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS OF BASIC
     DOCUMENTS. The Seller shall not consent to any waiver, amendment or
     modification of the Basic Documents that could reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect on any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder
     without the prior written consent of (i) the Controlling Noteholder and the
     Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class or (ii) if any such
     waiver, amendment or modification relates solely to the Pledged Subordinate
     Securities, without the prior written consent of the Class B Note
     Purchasers and the Class B Majority Noteholders, or (iii) if any such
     waiver, amendment or modification relates solely to the application of
     proceeds from the UBS Cross Collateral, without the prior written consent
     of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B majority noteholders under
     the Bear Basic Documents.

          (f)  OTHER LIENS OR INTERESTS. Except for the conveyances hereunder
     and any other Lien created under any Basic Document, the Seller will not
     sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other Person, or grant, create,
     incur, assume or suffer to exist any lien on any interest therein,
     including, without limitation, any lien levied upon the Conveyed Property
     by the State of Texas (or any taxing authority or governmental agency of
     the State of Texas) as a result of the non-payment of any Texas Franchise
     Tax, and the Seller shall defend the right, title, and interest of the
     Purchaser in, to and under the Receivables and the other Conveyed Property
     against all claims of third parties claiming through or under the Seller.

     SECTION 8.3. LIABILITY OF SELLER; INDEMNITIES.

          (a)  The Seller shall indemnify the Purchaser, the Backup Servicer,
     the Trustee, each Noteholder, each Note Purchaser and their respective
     officers, directors, agents and employees for any liability as a result of
     the failure of a Receivable to be originated in compliance with all
     requirements of law and for any breach of any of its representations,
     warranties, covenants or other agreements contained herein.

          (b)  The Seller shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the
     Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, each Noteholder, each Note
     Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees
     from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, damages, claims, and
     liabilities, arising out of or resulting from the use, ownership, or
     operation by the Seller, any Affiliate thereof or any of their respective
     agents or subcontractors, of a Financed Vehicle.

          (c)  The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the
     Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, each Noteholder, each Note
     Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees
     from and against any taxes that may at any time be asserted against any
     such Person with respect to the transactions contemplated in this Agreement
     and any of the Basic Documents (except any income taxes arising out of fees
     paid to the Trustee and the Backup Servicer and except any taxes to which
     the Trustee may otherwise be subject), including without limitation any
     sales, gross receipts, general corporation, tangible personal property,
     privilege or license taxes (but, in the case of the Purchaser, not
     including any taxes asserted with respect to federal or other income taxes
     arising out of distributions on the Notes) and costs and expenses in
     defending against the same.

          (d)  The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the
     Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, each Noteholder, each Note
     Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees
     from and against any loss, liability or expense incurred by reason of (i)
     the Seller's willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the
     performance of its obligations or duties under this Agreement, or by reason
     of reckless disregard of its obligations or duties under this Agreement
     and/or (ii) the Seller's or the Purchaser's violation of federal or State
     securities laws in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes.

                                      -41-
<PAGE>

          (e)  The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Trustee
     and the Backup Servicer and its officers, directors, employees and agents
     from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages and
     liabilities arising out of, or incurred in connection with the acceptance
     or performance of the trusts and duties set forth herein and in the Basic
     Documents except to the extent that such cost, expense, loss, claim, damage
     or liability shall be due to the willful misfeasance, bad faith or
     negligence (except for errors in judgment) of the Trustee or the Backup
     Servicer.

          (f)  The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the
     Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, each Noteholder, each Note
     Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees
     from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages and
     liabilities arising out of or relating to the failure of a Receivable to be
     originated in compliance with all requirements of law, including without
     limitation all Consumer Laws, and for any breach of any of the Seller's
     representations and warranties, covenants or other agreements contained
     herein (including, without limitation, the representations contained in
     SECTION 3.1 hereof) or in any other Basic Document to which the Seller is a
     party.

     Indemnification under this Section shall survive the resignation or removal
of the Servicer or the Trustee and the termination of this Agreement and the
other Basic Documents and shall include reasonable fees and expenses of counsel
and other expenses of litigation. These indemnity obligations shall be in
addition to any obligation that the Seller may otherwise have under applicable
law, hereunder or under any other Basic Document. If the Seller shall have made
any indemnity payments pursuant to this Section and the Person to or on behalf
of whom such payments are made thereafter shall collect any of such amounts from
others, such Person shall promptly repay such amounts to the Seller, without
interest.

     Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 8.3 or any other provision of
this Agreement, nothing herein shall be construed as to require the Seller to
provide any indemnification hereunder or under any other Basic Document for any
costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising solely out of,
or incurred solely in connection with, credit losses with respect to the
Receivables.

     SECTION 8.4. MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION OF, OR ASSUMPTION OF THE OBLIGATIONS
OF, SELLER. Seller shall not merge or consolidate with any other person, convey,
transfer or lease substantially all its assets as an entirety to another Person,
or permit any other Person to become the successor to Seller's business unless,
after the merger, consolidation, conveyance, transfer, lease or succession, the
successor or surviving entity shall be capable of fulfilling the duties of
Seller contained in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it is
a party. Any corporation or other Person (i) into which Seller may be merged or
consolidated, (ii) resulting from any merger or consolidation to which Seller
shall be a party, (iii) which acquires by conveyance, transfer, or lease
substantially all of the assets of Seller, or (iv) succeeding to the business of
Seller, in any of the foregoing cases shall execute an agreement of assumption
to perform every obligation of Seller under this Agreement and the other Basic
Documents to which it is a party and, whether or not such assumption agreement
is executed, shall be the successor to Seller under this Agreement and the other
Basic Documents to which it is a party without the execution or filing of any
paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement,
anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding; PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
that nothing contained herein shall be deemed to release Seller from any
obligation. Seller shall provide notice of any merger, consolidation or
succession pursuant to this Section to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each
Noteholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller shall not merge or consolidate
with any other Person or permit any other Person to become a successor to
Seller's business, unless (x) immediately after giving effect to such
transaction, no representation or warranty made pursuant to SECTION 8.1 shall
have been breached (for purposes hereof, such representations and warranties
shall be deemed made as of the date of the consummation of such transaction) and
no event that, after notice or lapse of time, or both, would become an Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (y) Seller shall have delivered
to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder an Officer's Certificate
and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such consolidation, merger or
succession and such agreement of assumption comply with this Section and that
all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Agreement relating to
such transaction have been complied with, and (z) Seller shall have delivered to
the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder an Opinion of Counsel,
stating in the opinion of such counsel, either (A) all financing statements and
continuation statements and amendments thereto have been authorized and filed
that are necessary to preserve and protect the interest of the Purchaser and the
Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in the
Opinion Collateral and reciting the details of the filings or (B) no such action
shall be necessary to preserve and protect such interest.

                                      -42-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 8.5. [RESERVED].

     SECTION 8.6. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. (a) The Seller shall furnish, or cause
to be furnished to each Noteholder and each Note Purchaser:

               (i)  AUDIT REPORT. As soon as available and in any event within
          90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Seller, a copy of the
          consolidated balance sheet of the Seller and its Affiliates as at the
          end of such fiscal year, together with the related statements of
          earnings, stockholders' equity and cash flows for such fiscal year,
          prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP certified by
          independent certified public accountants of recognized national
          standing as shall be selected by the Seller.

               (ii) QUARTERLY STATEMENTS. As soon as available, but in any event
          within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter (except the fourth
          fiscal quarter) of the Seller, copies of the unaudited condensed
          consolidated balance sheet of the Seller and its Affiliates as at the
          end of such fiscal quarter and the related unaudited statements of
          earnings, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the portion of the
          fiscal year through such fiscal quarter (and as to the statements of
          earnings for such fiscal quarter) in each case setting forth in
          comparative form the figures for the corresponding periods of the
          previous fiscal year, prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance
          with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected
          therein and certified by the chief financial or accounting officer of
          the Seller as presenting fairly the financial condition and results of
          operations of the Seller and its Affiliates (subject to normal
          year-end adjustments).

          (b)  For so long as Seller is subject to the reporting requirements of
     Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, its filing of the annual and quarterly
     reports required under said act, on a timely basis, shall be deemed
     compliance with this Section 8.6.

                                   ARTICLE IX
                                   ----------

                                  THE SERVICER
                                  ------------

     SECTION 9.1. REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF SERVICER. The Servicer (and
the Backup Servicer, in the case of clause (j) below) makes the following
representations and covenants on which the Purchaser shall be deemed to have
relied in acquiring the Receivables, on which the Noteholders shall be deemed to
have relied in purchasing the Notes and on which the applicable Note Purchasers
shall be deemed to have relied in making each Advance. The representations speak
as of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date,
in the case of Receivables conveyed by the Closing Date, and as of the
applicable Funding Date, in the case of Receivables conveyed by such Funding
Date, and the representations and covenants shall survive the sale of the
Receivables to the Purchaser and the pledge thereof to the Trustee for the
benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers pursuant to the Indenture.

          (a)  ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING. The Servicer has been duly
     organized and is validly existing as a corporation and in good standing
     under the laws of the State of California, with power, authority and legal
     right to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties
     are currently owned and such business is presently conducted, and had at
     all relevant times, and shall have, power, authority and legal right to
     acquire, own and service the Receivables.

          (b)  DUE QUALIFICATION. The Servicer is duly qualified to do business
     as a foreign corporation in good standing and has obtained all necessary
     licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or
     lease of property or the conduct of its business (including the servicing
     of the Receivables as required by this Agreement) requires or shall require
     such qualification except where the failure to so qualify or obtain such
     licenses or consents would not result in a Material Adverse Effect or a
     Material Adverse Change.

                                      -43-
<PAGE>

          (c)  POWER AND AUTHORITY. The Servicer has the power and authority to
     execute and deliver this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which it is a
     party and to carry out its terms and their terms, respectively, and the
     execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Basic
     Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized by the Servicer
     by all necessary corporate action.

          (d)  BINDING OBLIGATION. This Agreement and the Basic Documents to
     which the Servicer is a party shall constitute legal, valid and binding
     obligations of the Servicer enforceable in accordance with their respective
     terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
     reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
     creditors' rights generally and by equitable limitations on the
     availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such
     enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

          (e)  NO VIOLATION. The consummation of the transactions contemplated
     by this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which to the Servicer is a
     party, and the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the Basic
     Documents to which the Servicer is a party, shall not conflict with, result
     in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or
     without notice or lapse of time) a default under, the articles of
     incorporation or bylaws of the Servicer, or any indenture, agreement,
     mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which the Servicer is a
     party or by which it is bound or any of its properties are subject, or
     result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties
     pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of
     trust or other instrument, other than the Basic Documents, or violate any
     law, order, rule or regulation applicable to the Servicer of any court or
     of any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency or other
     governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Servicer or any
     of its properties.

          (f)  NO PROCEEDINGS. There are no proceedings or investigations
     pending or, to the Servicer's knowledge, threatened against the Servicer,
     before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other tribunal
     or governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Servicer or
     its properties (A) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any of the
     Basic Documents, (B) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the
     consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
     any of the Basic Documents, or (C) seeking any determination or ruling that
     might materially and adversely affect the performance by the Servicer of
     its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement
     or any of the other Basic Documents or otherwise have a Material Adverse
     Effect or result in a Material Adverse Change, or (D) relating to the
     Servicer and which might adversely affect the federal or state income,
     excise, franchise or similar tax attributes of the Notes.

          (g)  NO CONSENTS. No consent, approval, authorization or order of or
     declaration or filing with any governmental authority is required for the
     issuance or sale of the Notes or the consummation of the other transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, except such
     as have been duly made or obtained.

          (h)  TAXES. The Servicer has filed all federal and state tax returns
     that are required to be filed and paid all taxes, including any assessments
     received by it, to the extent that such taxes have become due (other than
     taxes, the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in
     good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in
     conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the Servicer). Any
     taxes, fees and other governmental charges payable by the Servicer in
     connection with consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which the Servicer is a party
     and the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the other Basic
     Documents to which the Servicer is a party have been paid or shall have
     been paid as of each Funding Date.

          (i)  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE. The Servicer hereby represents and
     warrants to the Trustee that the Servicer's principal place of business and
     chief executive office is 16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine, California
     92618.

          (j)  DATA MAPPING. Neither the Servicer nor the Backup Servicer is
     aware of any fact that would cause such Person reasonably to believe that
     the Servicer's servicing data cannot be mapped from the Servicer's system
     to the Backup Servicer's system.

                                      -44-
<PAGE>

          (k)  CHANGES TO SERVICING GUIDELINES. The Servicer covenants that it
     will not make any material changes to the Servicing Guidelines prior to the
     Termination Date without the prior written consent of the Controlling Note
     Purchaser (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld) and prior
     written notice to each Class B Note Purchaser.

          (l)  COOPERATION. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
     continuing, Servicer shall cooperate with and provide all information and
     access reasonably requested by the Trustee, any Note Purchaser or any
     Noteholder in connection with any actions taken pursuant to SECTION 5.4 of
     the Indenture.

          (m)  TEXAS FRANCHISE TAX. The Servicer agrees to make timely payment,
     when due, of any Texas Franchise Tax that may be imposed, assessed or
     levied by the taxing authority of the State of Texas on or in respect of
     the Conveyed Property, the Seller, the Servicer, the Purchaser or the
     Issuer.

     SECTION 9.2. LIABILITY OF SERVICER; INDEMNITIES.

          (a)  The Servicer (in its capacity as such) shall be liable hereunder
     only to the extent of the obligations in this Agreement specifically
     undertaken by the Servicer and the representations made by the Servicer in
     the Basic Documents to which it is a party.

               (i)  The Servicer shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the
          Purchaser, the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, each Noteholder, each
          Note Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and
          employees from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses,
          damages, claims and liabilities, arising out of or resulting from the
          use, ownership, repossession or operation by the Servicer or any
          Affiliate or agent or sub-contractor thereof of any Financed Vehicle.

               (ii) The Servicer, so long as CPS is the Servicer, shall
          indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Purchaser, the Trustee, the
          Backup Servicer, each Noteholder, each Note Purchaser and their
          respective officers, directors, agents and employees from and against
          any taxes that may at any time be asserted against any of such parties
          with respect to the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and
          the other Basic Documents, including, without limitation, any sales,
          gross receipts, general corporation, tangible personal property,
          privilege or license taxes (but not including any federal or other
          income taxes, including franchise taxes (other than as set forth in
          subparagraph (vi) below) asserted with respect to, and as of the date
          of, the sale of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to the
          Purchaser, the pledge thereof to the Trustee for the benefit of the
          Note Purchasers and the Noteholders or the issuance and original sale
          of the Notes) and costs and expenses in defending against the same.

               (iii) The Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the
          Purchaser, the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, each Noteholder, each
          Note Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and
          employees from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses,
          claims, damages, and liabilities to the extent that such cost,
          expense, loss, claim, damage, or liability arose out of, or was
          imposed upon the Purchaser, the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, such
          Noteholder or such Note Purchaser through the negligence, willful
          misfeasance or bad faith of the Servicer in the performance of its
          obligations or duties under this Agreement or by reason of reckless
          disregard of its obligations or duties under this Agreement or as a
          result of a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other
          agreement made by the Servicer in this Agreement or in any other Basic
          Document to which it is a party.

               (iv) The Servicer shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the
          Trustee and the Backup Servicer from and against all costs, expenses,
          losses, claims, damages, and liabilities arising out of or incurred in
          connection with the acceptance or performance of the trusts and duties
          herein contained, except to the extent that such cost, expense, loss,
          claim, damage or liability: (A) shall be due to the willful
          misfeasance, bad faith, or negligence (except for errors in judgment)
          of the Trustee or the Backup Servicer, as applicable or (B) relates to
          any tax other than the taxes with respect to which the Servicer shall
          be required to indemnify the Trustee or the Backup Servicer.

                                      -45-
<PAGE>

               (v)  The Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the
          Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, each Noteholder, each
          Note Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and
          employees from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses,
          claims, damages and liabilities arising out of or relating to the
          failure of a Receivable to be serviced in compliance with all
          requirements of law, including without limitation all Consumer Laws,
          and for any breach of any of the Servicer's representations and
          warranties, covenants or other agreements contained herein or in any
          other Basic Document to which the Servicer is a party.

               (vi) The Servicer, so long as CPS is the Servicer, shall
          indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Purchaser, the Trustee, the
          Backup Servicer, each Noteholder, each Note Purchaser and their
          respective officers, directors, agents and employees from and against
          any Texas Franchise Tax asserted against any of such parties with
          respect to the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and the
          other Basic Documents and costs and expenses in defending against the
          same.

          (b)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Servicer shall not be
     obligated to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless any Noteholder or any
     Note Purchaser for any losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred by
     such Noteholder or such Note Purchaser arising out of claims, complaints,
     actions and allegations relating to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of
     the Code as a result of the purchase or holding of any Note by such
     Noteholder or the Note Purchaser with the assets of a plan subject to such
     provisions of ERISA or the Code.

          (c)  For purposes of this SECTION 9.2, in the event of the termination
     of the rights and obligations of the Servicer (or any successor thereto
     pursuant to SECTION 9.3) as Servicer pursuant to SECTION 10.1, or a
     resignation by such Servicer pursuant to this Agreement, such Servicer
     shall be deemed to be the Servicer pending appointment of a successor
     Servicer pursuant to SECTION 10.2. The provisions of this SECTION 9.2(C)
     shall in no way affect the survival pursuant to SECTION 9.2(D) of the
     indemnification by the Servicer provided by SECTION 9.2(A).

          (d)  Indemnification under this SECTION 9.2 shall survive the
     termination of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents and any
     resignation or removal of CPS or any successor Servicer as Servicer and
     shall include reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and expenses of
     litigation. These indemnity obligations shall be in addition to any
     obligation that the Servicer may otherwise have under applicable law,
     hereunder or under any other Basic Document. If the Servicer shall have
     made any indemnity payments pursuant to this Section and the recipient
     thereafter collects any of such amounts from others, the recipient shall
     promptly repay such amounts to the Servicer, without interest.

     SECTION 9.3. MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION OF, OR ASSUMPTION OF THE OBLIGATIONS
OF THE SERVICER OR BACKUP SERVICER.

          (a)  The Servicer shall not merge or consolidate with any other
     Person, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its assets as
     an entirety to another Person, or permit any other Person to become the
     successor to the Servicer's business unless, after the merger,
     consolidation, conveyance, transfer, lease or succession, the successor or
     surviving entity shall be capable of fulfilling the duties of the Servicer
     contained in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it is a
     party. Any corporation or other Person (i) into which the Servicer may be
     merged or consolidated, (ii) resulting from any merger or consolidation to
     which the Servicer shall be a party, (iii) which acquires by conveyance,
     transfer, or lease substantially all of the assets of the Servicer, or (iv)
     succeeding to the business of the Servicer, in any of the foregoing cases
     shall execute an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the
     Servicer under this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it is
     a party and, whether or not such assumption agreement is executed, shall be
     the successor to the Servicer under this Agreement and the other Basic
     Documents to which it is a party without the execution or filing of any
     paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties to this
     Agreement, anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding;
     PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that nothing contained herein shall be deemed to release
     the Servicer from any obligation. The Servicer shall provide notice of any
     merger, consolidation or succession pursuant to this Section to the
     Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder. Notwithstanding the

                                      -46-
<PAGE>

     foregoing, the Servicer shall not merge or consolidate with any other
     Person or permit any other Person to become a successor to the Servicer's
     business, unless (x) immediately after giving effect to such transaction,
     no representation or warranty made pursuant to SECTION 9.1 shall have been
     breached (for purposes hereof, such representations and warranties shall be
     deemed made as of the date of the consummation of such transaction) and no
     event that, after notice or lapse of time, or both, would become Event of
     Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (y) the Servicer shall have
     delivered to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder an
     Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such
     consolidation, merger or succession and such agreement of assumption comply
     with this Section and that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for
     in this Agreement relating to such transaction have been complied with, and
     (z) the Servicer shall have delivered to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser
     and each Noteholder an Opinion of Counsel, stating in the opinion of such
     counsel, either (A) all financing statements and continuation statements
     and amendments thereto have been executed and filed that are necessary to
     preserve and protect the interest of the Purchaser and the Trustee for the
     benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in the Opinion
     Collateral and reciting the details of the filings or (B) no such action
     shall be necessary to preserve and protect such interest.

          (b)  Any Person (i) into which the Backup Servicer (in its capacity as
     Backup Servicer or successor Servicer) may be merged or consolidated, (ii)
     resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Backup Servicer
     shall be a party, (iii) which acquires by conveyance, transfer or lease
     substantially all of the assets of the Backup Servicer, or (iv) succeeding
     to the business of the Backup Servicer, in any of the foregoing cases shall
     execute an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the
     Backup Servicer under this Agreement and, whether or not such assumption
     agreement is executed, shall be the successor to the Backup Servicer under
     this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further
     act on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement, anything in this
     Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that nothing
     contained herein shall be deemed to release the Backup Servicer from any
     obligation.

     SECTION 9.4. [RESERVED]

     SECTION 9.5. DELEGATION OF DUTIES. The Servicer may at any time delegate
duties under this Agreement to sub-contractors who are in the business of
servicing automotive receivables with the prior written consent of the
Controlling Note Purchaser; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no such delegation or
subcontracting of duties by the Servicer shall relieve the Servicer of its
responsibility with respect to such duties.

     SECTION 9.6. SERVICER AND BACKUP SERVICER NOT TO RESIGN. Subject to the
provisions of SECTION 9.3, neither the Servicer nor the Backup Servicer shall
resign from the obligations and duties imposed on it by this Agreement as
Servicer or Backup Servicer except (i) upon a determination that by reason of a
change in legal requirements the performance of its duties under this Agreement
would cause it to be in violation of such legal requirements in a manner which
would have a material adverse effect on the Servicer or the Backup Servicer, as
the case may be, and the Controlling Note Purchaser does not elect to waive the
obligations of the Servicer or the Backup Servicer, as the case may be, to
perform the duties which render it legally unable to act or to delegate those
duties to another Person or, (ii) in the case of the Backup Servicer, upon the
prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser. Any such determination
permitting the resignation of the Servicer or Backup Servicer pursuant to clause
(i) in the immediately preceding sentence shall be evidenced by an Opinion of
Counsel to such effect delivered and acceptable to the Trustee and the
Controlling Note Purchaser. No resignation of the Servicer shall become
effective until the Backup Servicer or an entity acceptable to the Controlling
Note Purchaser shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the
Servicer. No resignation of the Backup Servicer shall become effective until an
entity acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser shall have assumed the
responsibilities and obligations of the Backup Servicer; provided, however, that
in the event a successor Backup Servicer is not appointed within 60 days after
the Backup Servicer has given notice of its resignation and has provided the
Opinion of Counsel required by this SECTION 9.6, the Backup Servicer may
petition a court for its removal.

                                      -47-
<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE X
                                    ---------

                                     DEFAULT
                                     -------

     SECTION 10.1. SERVICER TERMINATION EVENTS. For purposes of this Agreement
and the other Basic Documents, each of the following shall constitute a
"SERVICER TERMINATION EVENT":

          (a)  Any failure by the Servicer or, for so long as the Seller or an
     Affiliate of the Purchaser is the Servicer, the Purchaser, to deliver or
     cause to be delivered any proceeds or payment required to be so delivered
     under this Agreement or any other Basic Document that continues unremedied
     for a period of two Business Days (or one Business Day with respect to
     payment of Purchase Amounts) after written notice is received by the
     Servicer from the Trustee or a Noteholder of the Highest Priority Class or
     after discovery of such failure by a Responsible Officer of the Servicer;

          (b)  Failure by the Servicer to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to
     each Noteholder, each Note Purchaser, the Trustee and the Backup Servicer,
     any Servicer's Certificate by 12:00 noon New York City time on the second
     Business Day after the date on which such Servicer's Certificate is
     required to be delivered;

          (c)  Failure by the Servicer or, for so long as the Seller or an
     Affiliate of the Purchaser is the Servicer, the Purchaser, to perform or
     observe any term, covenant or agreement of the Servicer or the Purchaser,
     as applicable, set forth in this Agreement or any other Basic Document
     (other than any term, covenant or agreement referred to in another
     subparagraph of this SECTION 10.1), which failure (i) materially and
     adversely affects the rights of the Controlling Note Purchaser or the
     Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class and (ii) except for covenants
     relating to merger and consolidation or preservation of ownership or
     security interests in the Financed Vehicles, continues unremedied for a
     period of 30 days after the earlier of knowledge thereof by the Servicer or
     after the date on which written notice of such failure, requiring the same
     to be remedied, shall have been given to the Servicer by the Controlling
     Note Purchaser or a Noteholder of the Highest Priority Class;

          (d)  The occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the
     Servicer (or, for so long as the Seller or an Affiliate of the Purchaser is
     the Servicer, the Purchaser);

          (e)  Any representation, warranty or statement of the Servicer made in
     this Agreement or any other Basic Document to which it is a party or any
     certificate, report or other writing delivered pursuant hereto or thereto
     shall prove to be incorrect as of the time when the same shall have been
     made (excluding, however, any representation or warranty set forth in this
     Agreement relating to the characteristics of the Receivables), and such
     incorrectness materially and adversely affects the Purchaser, the
     Controlling Note Purchaser or the Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class
     and is not cured within 30 calendar days after the earlier of knowledge
     thereof by the Servicer or, after written notice thereof shall have been
     given to the Servicer by the Trustee, the Controlling Note Purchaser or a
     Noteholder of the Highest Priority Class, the circumstances or condition in
     respect of which such representation, warranty or statement was incorrect
     shall have not been eliminated or otherwise cured;

          (f)  The three-month rolling average Servicer Loss Ratio exceeds (1)
     7.50% during the Accrual Periods from May to October or (2) 8.25% during
     the Accrual Periods from November to April;

          (g)  The Controlling Note Purchaser shall not have delivered a
     Servicer Extension Notice pursuant to SECTION 4.15;

          (h)  An Event of Default shall have occurred (so long as CPS is
     Servicer);

          (i)  The three-month rolling average Servicer Delinquency Ratio
     exceeds (A) 6.00% during the Accrual Periods from April to September or (B)
     6.50% during the Accrual Periods from October to March;

                                      -48-
<PAGE>

          (j)  The Servicer fails to maintain minimum Consolidated Total
     Adjusted Equity of $60,000,000 as of the end of any fiscal quarter;

          (k)  The Servicer exceeds a maximum leverage ratio (total liabilities
     less all non-recourse debt/Consolidated Total Adjusted Equity) of six times
     as of the end of any fiscal quarter; and

          (l)  The Servicer fails to maintain cash and cash equivalents of at
     least $8.5 million as of the end of any calendar month.

     In the event that the Servicer, the Seller, the Issuer, the Purchaser or
the Trustee gains knowledge of the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event,
the Servicer, the Seller, the Issuer, the Purchaser or the Trustee, as
applicable, shall promptly notify each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder in
writing of such occurrence; PROVIDED, THAT, the Servicer shall be deemed to
satisfy such obligation upon its delivery of an Officer's Certificate in
accordance with SECTION 4.10 hereof.

     SECTION 10.2. CONSEQUENCES OF A SERVICER TERMINATION EVENT OR NON-EXTENSION
OF TERM OF SERVICER. If a Servicer Termination Event shall occur and be
continuing, the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the
Highest Priority Class, by notice given in writing to the Backup Servicer, each
other Noteholder, each other Note Purchaser and the Servicer, may terminate all
of the rights and obligations of the Servicer under this Agreement. The outgoing
Servicer shall be entitled to its pro rata share of the Servicing Fee for the
number of days in the Accrual Period prior to the effective date of its
termination. On or after the receipt by the Servicer of such written notice or
upon non-extension of the servicing term as referred to in SECTION 4.15, all
authority, power, obligations and responsibilities of the Servicer under this
Agreement, whether with respect to the Notes or the Receivables and Other
Conveyed Property or otherwise, automatically shall pass to, be vested in and
become obligations and responsibilities of the Backup Servicer (or such other
successor Servicer appointed by the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class under SECTION 10.3); PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that the successor Servicer shall have no liability with respect to any
obligation which was required to be performed by the outgoing Servicer prior to
the date that the successor Servicer becomes the Servicer or any claim of a
third party based on any alleged action or inaction of the outgoing Servicer,
which obligations and claims shall remain those of the outgoing Servicer. The
successor Servicer is authorized and empowered by this Agreement to execute and
deliver, on behalf of the outgoing Servicer, as attorney-in-fact or otherwise,
any and all documents and other instruments and to do or accomplish all other
acts or things necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of such notice of
termination, whether to complete the transfer and endorsement of the Receivables
and the Other Conveyed Property and related documents to show the Purchaser as
lienholder or secured party on the related Lien Certificates, or otherwise. The
outgoing Servicer agrees to cooperate with the successor Servicer in effecting
the termination of the responsibilities and rights of the outgoing Servicer
under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the transfer to the
successor Servicer for administration by it of all cash amounts that shall at
the time be held by the outgoing Servicer for deposit, or have been deposited by
the outgoing Servicer, in the Collection Account or thereafter received with
respect to the Receivables and the delivery to the successor Servicer of all
Receivable Files that shall at the time be held by the outgoing Servicer and a
computer tape in readable form as of the most recent Business Day containing all
information necessary to enable the successor Servicer to service the
Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property. All reasonable costs and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with transferring
any Receivable Files to the successor Servicer and amending this Agreement to
reflect such succession as Servicer pursuant to this SECTION 10.2 shall be paid
by the predecessor Servicer upon presentation of reasonable documentation of
such costs and expenses. In addition, any successor Servicer shall be entitled
to payment from the immediate predecessor Servicer for reasonable transition
expenses incurred in connection with acting as successor Servicer, and to the
extent not so paid, such payment shall be made pursuant to SECTION 5.7 hereof.
Upon receipt of notice of the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event or the
non-extension of the Servicer's term, the Trustee shall give notice thereof to
each Noteholder and each Note Purchaser. If requested by the Controlling Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, the
successor Servicer shall terminate the Lockbox Agreement and direct the Obligors
to make all payments under the Receivables directly to the successor Servicer
(in which event the successor Servicer shall process such payments in accordance
with SECTION 4.2(E)), or to a lockbox established by the successor Servicer at
the direction of the Controlling Note Purchaser, at the successor Servicer's
expense. The outgoing Servicer shall grant the Trustee, the successor Servicer,
each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder reasonable access to the outgoing
Servicer's premises at the outgoing Servicer's expense.

                                      -49-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 10.3. APPOINTMENT OF SUCCESSOR.

          (a)  On and after the time the Servicer receives a notice of
     termination pursuant to SECTION 10.2, upon non-extension of the servicing
     term as referred to in SECTION 4.15, or upon the resignation of the
     Servicer pursuant to SECTION 9.6, the outgoing Servicer shall continue to
     perform its functions as Servicer under this Agreement, in the case of
     termination, only until the date specified in such termination notice or,
     if no such date is specified in a notice of termination, until receipt of
     such notice and, in the case of expiration and non-renewal of the term of
     the Servicer upon the expiration of such term, and, in the case of
     resignation, until (i) the later of (x) the date 45 days from the delivery
     to the Trustee of written notice of such resignation (or written
     confirmation of such notice) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
     and (y) the date upon which the predecessor Servicer shall become unable to
     act as Servicer, as specified in the notice of resignation and accompanying
     Opinion of Counsel or (ii) such time as a successor Servicer shall assume
     all of the rights and obligations of the predecessor Servicer hereunder and
     under any other Basic Document; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the outgoing
     Servicer shall not be relieved of its duties, obligations and liabilities
     as Servicer until a successor Servicer has assumed such duties, obligations
     and liabilities. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the Backup
     Servicer or any other successor Servicer shall not have assumed the duties,
     obligations and liabilities of the Servicer within 45 days of the
     termination, non-extension or resignation described in this SECTION 10.3,
     the outgoing Servicer may petition a court of competent jurisdiction to
     appoint any Eligible Servicer as the successor to the outgoing Servicer.
     Pending appointment as successor Servicer, the Backup Servicer (or such
     other Person as shall have been appointed by the Controlling Note Purchaser
     and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class) shall act as
     successor Servicer unless it is legally unable to do so, in which event the
     outgoing Servicer shall continue to act as Servicer until a successor has
     been appointed and accepted such appointment. In the event of termination
     of the Servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the Backup
     Servicer shall assume the obligations of Servicer hereunder on the date
     (the "ASSUMPTION DATE") specified in the written notice delivered by the
     Trustee to the Backup Servicer and the Servicer pursuant to SECTION 10.2
     or, in the event that the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
     Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class shall have determined that a
     Person other than the Backup Servicer shall be the successor Servicer in
     accordance with SECTION 10.2, on the date of the execution of a written
     assumption agreement by such Person to serve as successor Servicer.
     Notwithstanding the Backup Servicer's assumption of, and its agreement to
     perform and observe, all duties, responsibilities and obligations of the
     Seller as Servicer, or any successor Servicer, under this Agreement arising
     on and after the Assumption Date, the Backup Servicer shall not be deemed
     to have assumed or to become liable for, or otherwise have any liability
     for any duties, responsibilities, obligations or liabilities of the Seller
     or any other Servicer arising on or before the Assumption Date, whether
     provided for by the terms of this Agreement, arising by operation of law or
     otherwise, including, without limitation, any liability for any duties,
     responsibilities, obligations or liabilities of the Seller or any other
     Servicer arising on or before the Assumption Date under SECTION 4.7 or 9.2
     of this Agreement, regardless of when the liability, duty, responsibility
     or obligation of the Seller or any other Servicer therefor arose, whether
     provided by the terms of this Agreement, arising by operation of law or
     otherwise. Notwithstanding the above, if the Backup Servicer shall be
     legally unable or unwilling to act as Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the
     Trustee or the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of
     the Highest Priority Class may petition a court of competent jurisdiction
     to appoint any Eligible Servicer as the successor to the outgoing Servicer.
     Pending appointment pursuant to the preceding sentence, the Backup Servicer
     shall act as successor Servicer unless it is legally unable to do so, in
     which event the outgoing Servicer shall continue to act as Servicer until a
     successor has been appointed and accepted such appointment. Subject to
     SECTION 9.6, no provision of this Agreement shall be construed as relieving
     the Backup Servicer of its obligation to succeed as successor Servicer upon
     the termination of the Servicer pursuant to SECTION 10.2, the non-extension
     of the Servicer's term pursuant to SECTION 4.15 or the resignation of the
     Servicer pursuant to SECTION 9.6. If upon the termination of the Servicer
     pursuant to SECTION 10.2, the non-extension of the Servicer's term pursuant
     to SECTION 4.15 or the resignation of the Servicer pursuant to SECTION 9.6,
     the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
     Priority Class appoint a successor Servicer other than the Backup Servicer,
     the Backup Servicer shall not be relieved of its duties as Backup Servicer
     hereunder.

                                      -50-
<PAGE>

          (b)  Any successor Servicer shall be entitled to such compensation
     (whether payable out of the Collection Account or otherwise) as the
     outgoing Servicer would have been entitled to under this Agreement if the
     outgoing Servicer had not resigned or been terminated hereunder or had been
     renewed for an additional servicing term hereunder.

     SECTION 10.4. NOTIFICATION TO THE NOTEHOLDERS AND NOTE PURCHASERS. Upon any
termination of, or appointment of a successor to, the Servicer, the Trustee
shall give prompt written notice thereof to each Noteholder and each Note
Purchaser.

     SECTION 10.5. WAIVER OF PAST DEFAUlTS. The Controlling Note Purchaser and
the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class may waive in writing any
default by the Servicer in the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and the consequences thereof. Upon any such waiver of a past default,
such default shall cease to exist, and any Servicer Termination Event arising
therefrom shall be deemed to have been remedied for every purpose of this
Agreement. No such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or
impair any right consequent thereto.

     SECTION 10.6. ACTION UPON CERTAIN FAILURES OF THE SERVICER. In the event
that the Trustee shall have knowledge of any failure of the Servicer specified
in SECTION 10.1 that would give rise to a right of termination under such
Section upon the Servicer's failure to remedy the same after notice, the Trustee
shall give notice thereof to the Servicer, each Note Purchaser and each
Noteholder. For all purposes of this Agreement (including, without limitation,
this SECTION 10.6), the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any
failure of the Servicer as specified in SECTIONS 10.1(C) through (H) unless
notified thereof in writing by the Servicer, any Note Purchaser or any
Noteholder. The Trustee shall be under no duty or obligation to investigate or
inquire as to any potential failure of the Servicer specified in SECTION 10.1.

     SECTION 10.7. CONTINUED ERRORS. Notwithstanding anything contained herein
to the contrary, if the Backup Servicer becomes successor Servicer it is
authorized to accept and rely on all of the accounting, records (including
computer records) and work of the prior Servicer relating to the Receivables
(collectively, the "PREDECESSOR SERVICER WORK PRODUCT") without any audit or
other examination thereof, and the Backup Servicer as successor Servicer shall
have no duty, responsibility, obligation or liability for the acts and omissions
of the prior Servicer. If any error, inaccuracy, omission or incorrect or
non-standard practice or procedure (collectively, "ERRORS") exist in any
Predecessor Servicer Work Product and such Errors make it materially more
difficult to service or should cause or materially contribute to the Backup
Servicer as successor Servicer making or continuing any Errors (collectively,
"CONTINUED ERRORS"), the Backup Servicer as successor Servicer shall have no
duty or responsibility for such Continued Errors; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the
Backup Servicer as successor Servicer agrees to use its best efforts to prevent
further Continued Errors. In the event that the Backup Servicer as successor
Servicer becomes aware of Errors or Continued Errors, the Backup Servicer as
successor Servicer shall, with the prior consent of the Controlling Note
Purchaser, use its best efforts to reconstruct and reconcile such data as is
commercially reasonable to correct such Errors and Continued Errors and to
prevent future Continued Errors. The Backup Servicer as successor Servicer shall
be entitled to recover its costs thereby expended in accordance with SECTIONS
5.7(A)(I) and 5.7(A)(X) hereof.

                                   ARTICLE XI
                                   ----------

                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
                            ------------------------

     SECTION 11.1. AMENDMENT.

          (a)  This Agreement may not be waived, amended or otherwise modified
     except in a writing signed by the parties hereto, the Controlling Note
     Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class;
     PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that, no such amendment shall, without the prior written
     consent of each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder, (i) modify or have the
     effect of modifying Sections 5.7 or 5.8 or this SECTION 11.1 or (ii)
     eliminate or materially alter any party's delivery or notice obligations to
     the Noteholders; PROVIDED, FURTHER, that no such waiver, amendment or
     modification shall, without the prior written consent of the affected Note
     Purchaser and each Noteholder of a class of Notes affected thereby:

                                      -51-
<PAGE>

               (i)  change the date of payment of any installment of principal
          of or interest on a class of Notes or any other amount owed by the
          Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller under the Basic
          Documents, or reduce the Percentage Interest of the Notes, the
          interest rate thereon, change the provision of this Agreement relating
          to the application of collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of,
          the Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities or, subject to the
          terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the UBS Cross
          Collateral to payment of principal of or interest on a class of Notes
          or any other amount owed by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer or
          the Seller under the Basic Documents, or change any place of payment
          where, or the coin or currency in which, a class of Notes or the
          interest thereon or any other amount owed by the Issuer, the
          Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer under the Basic Documents is
          payable;

               (ii) impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of
          the provisions of this Agreement requiring the application of funds
          available therefor, as provided in SECTION 5.8, to the payment of any
          such amount due on a class of Notes or any other amount owed by the
          Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller under the Basic
          Documents on or after the respective due dates thereof;

               (iii) reduce the Percentage Interest, the consent of the Holders
          of which is required for any such amendment, waiver or modification,
          or eliminate the requirement that the applicable Note Purchaser
          consent thereto, or the consent of the Holders of which or the
          applicable Note Purchaser is required for any waiver of compliance
          with certain provisions of this Agreement or certain defaults
          hereunder and their consequences provided for in this Agreement;

               (iv) modify or alter the provisions of the proviso to the
          definition of the term "OUTSTANDING";

               (v)  modify any provision of this Section or to provide that
          certain additional provisions of this Agreement or the other Basic
          Documents cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the
          Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
          Priority Class; or

               (vi) modify any of the provisions of this Agreement in such
          manner as to affect the calculation of the amount or timing of any
          payment of (x) interest or principal due on a class of Notes on any
          Settlement Date (including the calculation of any of the individual
          components of such calculation) or (y) any amount due to any Note
          Purchaser from the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller
          under the Basic Documents.

          (b)  Prior to the execution of any amendment, waiver or consent to
     this Agreement the Trustee shall be entitled to receive and rely upon an
     Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment, waiver or
     consent is authorized or permitted by this Agreement and the Opinion of
     Counsel referred to in SECTION 11.2(I)(I).

          (c)  The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any
     such amendment, waiver or consent which affects the Trustee's own rights,
     duties or immunities under this Agreement or otherwise.

          (d)  Upon the termination of CPS as Servicer and the appointment of
     the Backup Servicer as Servicer hereunder, all amendments to the terms of
     this Agreement specified in the Servicing Assumption Agreement shall become
     a part of this Agreement, as if this Agreement was amended to reflect such
     changes in accordance with this SECTION 11.1.

     SECTION 11.2. PROTECTION OF TITLE TO PROPERTY.

          (a)  The Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer or the Servicer or each of
     them shall authorize, execute (if necessary) and file such financing
     statements and cause to be authorized, executed (if necessary) and filed
     such continuation statements, all in such manner and in such places and
     take such other action as may be required by law fully to preserve,
     maintain and protect the interest of the Purchaser and the interests of (i)
     subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the

                                      -52-
<PAGE>

     Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in the
     Collateral and in the proceeds thereof, (ii) the Class B Note Purchasers
     and the Class B Noteholders in the Pledged Subordinate Securities and in
     the proceeds thereof, and (iii) subject to the terms and provisions of the
     Intercreditor Agreement, the Bear Indenture Trustee in the UBS Cross
     Collateral and the proceeds thereof for the benefit of the Class B note
     purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents. The
     Seller shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to each Noteholder, each
     Note Purchaser and the Trustee file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts
     for, any document filed as provided above, as soon as available following
     such filing.

          (b)  None of the Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer or the Servicer
     shall change its name, identity, jurisdiction of organization, form of
     organization or corporate structure in any manner that would, could or
     might make any financing statement or continuation statement filed in
     accordance with PARAGRAPH (A) above seriously misleading within the meaning
     of Section 9-506(a) of the UCC, unless it shall have given each Noteholder,
     each Note Purchaser and the Trustee at least thirty (30) days' prior
     written notice thereof and shall have promptly filed appropriate amendments
     to all previously filed financing statements or continuation statements.
     Promptly upon such filing, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Issuer or the
     Servicer, as the case may be, shall deliver an Opinion of Counsel to the
     Trustee, each Note Purchaser, each Noteholder and the Bear Indenture
     Trustee, in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Controlling
     Note Purchaser, stating either (A) all financing statements and
     continuation statements have been authorized, executed and filed that are
     necessary fully to preserve and protect the interest of the Purchaser and
     (i) subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the
     Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in the
     Collateral and the proceeds thereof, (ii) the Class B Noteholders and the
     Class B Note Purchasers in the Pledged Subordinate Securities and the
     proceeds thereof, and (iii) subject to the terms and provisions of the
     Intercreditor Agreement, the Bear Indenture Trustee in the UBS Cross
     Collateral and the proceeds thereof for the benefit of the Class B note
     purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents, and
     reciting the details of such filings or referring to prior Opinions of
     Counsel in which such details are given, or (B) no such action shall be
     necessary to preserve and protect such interest.

          (c)  Each of the Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer and the Servicer
     shall have an obligation to give each Noteholder, each Note Purchaser and
     the Trustee at least 60 days' prior written notice of any relocation of its
     chief executive office or a change in its corporate structure, jurisdiction
     of organization or name and shall file amendments, continuation statements
     and new financing statements if, as a result of such relocation or change,
     the applicable provisions of the UCC would require the filing of any
     amendment of any previously filed financing or continuation statement or of
     any new financing statement to fully preserve and protect the interest of
     the Purchaser and (i) subject to the terms and provisions of the
     Intercreditor Agreement, the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and the
     Note Purchasers in the Collateral and the proceeds thereof, (ii) the Class
     B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers in the Pledged Subordinate
     Securities and the proceeds thereof, and (iii) subject to the terms and
     provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Bear Indenture Trustee in
     the UBS Cross Collateral and the proceeds thereof for the benefit of the
     Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic
     Documents. The Servicer shall at all times be organized under the laws of
     the United States (or any State thereof) and maintain its chief executive
     office and jurisdiction of organization, within the United States of
     America.

          (d)  The Servicer shall maintain accounts and records as to each
     Receivable accurately and in sufficient detail to permit (i) the reader
     thereof to know at any time the status of such Receivable, including
     payments and recoveries made and payments owing (and the nature of each)
     and (ii) reconciliation between payments or recoveries on (or with respect
     to) each Receivable and the amounts from time to time deposited in the
     Collection Account in respect of such Receivable.

          (e)  The Servicer shall maintain its computer systems so that, from
     and after the time of sale under this Agreement of the Receivables and the
     Other Conveyed Property to the Purchaser, the Servicer's master computer
     records (including any backup archives) that refer to a Receivable shall
     indicate clearly the interest of the Purchaser in such Receivable and that
     such Receivable is owned by the Purchaser and pledged to the Trustee for
     the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders. Indication of the
     Purchaser's and the Trustee's interest in a Receivable shall be deleted
     from or modified on the Servicer's computer systems when, and only when,
     the related Receivable shall have been paid in full or repurchased.

                                      -53-
<PAGE>

          (f)  If at any time the Seller or the Servicer shall propose to sell,
     grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any interest in
     automotive receivables to any prospective purchaser, lender or other
     transferee, the Servicer shall give to such prospective purchaser, lender
     or other transferee computer tapes, records or printouts (including any
     restored from backup archives) that, if they shall refer in any manner
     whatsoever to any Receivable, shall indicate clearly that such Receivable
     has been sold and is owned by the Purchaser and pledged to the Trustee for
     the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

          (g)  The Servicer shall permit the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, each
     Note Purchaser and each Noteholder and their respective agents upon
     reasonable notice and at any time during normal business hours to inspect,
     audit, and make copies of and abstracts from the Servicer's records
     regarding any Receivable.

          (h)  Upon request, the Servicer shall furnish to any Noteholder or any
     Note Purchaser or to the Trustee, within five Business Days, a list of all
     Receivables (by contract number and name of Obligor) then pledged to the
     Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders,
     together with a reconciliation of such list to the Schedule of Receivables
     and to each of the Servicer's Certificates furnished before such request
     indicating removal of Receivables from the lien of the Indenture.

          (i)  The Servicer shall deliver to each Note Purchaser, each
     Noteholder and the Trustee:

               (i)  promptly after the execution and delivery of this Agreement
          and, if required pursuant to SECTION 11.1, of each amendment, waiver,
          or consent, an Opinion of Counsel, in form and substance satisfactory
          to the Controlling Note Purchaser and (to the extent such Opinion of
          Counsel relates to Opinion Collateral consisting of Pledged
          Subordinate Securities) the Class B Note Purchasers and (to the extent
          such Opinion of Counsel relates to Opinion Collateral consisting of
          UBS Cross Collateral) the Class B note purchasers under the Bear Basic
          Documents, stating that in the opinion of such counsel, either (A) all
          financing statements and continuation statements have been authorized,
          executed and filed that are necessary fully to preserve and protect
          the interest of the Purchaser and the Trustee for the benefit of the
          applicable Noteholders and the applicable Note Purchasers in the
          Opinion Collateral, and reciting the details of such filings or
          referring to a prior Opinion of Counsel in which such details are
          given, or (B) no such action shall be necessary to preserve and
          protect such interest; and

               (ii) within 90 days after the beginning of each calendar year
          beginning with the first calendar year beginning more than three
          months after the Closing Date, an Opinion of Counsel, dated as of a
          date during such 90-day period, stating that, the opinion of such
          counsel, either (a) all financing statements and continuation
          statement have been authorized, executed and filed that are necessary
          fully to preserve and protect the interest of the Purchaser and the
          Trustee for the benefit of the applicable Noteholders and the
          applicable Note Purchasers in the Receivables and the Opinion
          Collateral, and reciting the details of such filings or referring to
          prior Opinions of Counsel in which such details are given, or (b) no
          such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such interest.

     Each Opinion of Counsel referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above shall
specify any action necessary (as of the date of such opinion) to be taken in the
following year to preserve and protect such interest.

     Subject to SECTION 4.5, the Seller hereby authorizes the Controlling Note
Purchaser, the Trustee and their respective agents to file such financing
statements and continuation statements and take such other actions as the
Controlling Note Purchaser or the Trustee may deem advisable in connection with
the security interest granted by the Seller pursuant to SECTION 2.2 to the
extent permitted by applicable law. Any such financing statements and
continuation statements shall be prepared by the Issuer or the Controlling Note
Purchaser.

     SECTION 11.3. NOTICES. All demands, notices and communications upon or to
the Seller, the Backup Servicer, the Servicer, the Purchaser, the Trustee, the
Backup Servicer, any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder under this Agreement shall
be in writing, via facsimile (with telephonic confirmation of receipt),
personally delivered, or mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, and
shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt (a) in the case of the

                                      -54-
<PAGE>

Seller, to Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., 16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine,
CA 92618, Attention: General Counsel, Telecopy: (888) 577-7923; (b) in the case
of the Servicer, to Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., 16355 Laguna Canyon Road,
Irvine, CA 92618, Attention: General Counsel, Telecopy: (888) 577-7923; (c) in
the case of the Purchaser, to Page Funding LLC, 16355 Laguna Canyon Road,
Irvine, CA 92618, Attention: General Counsel, Telecopy: (888) 577-7923; (d) in
the case of the Trustee or the Backup Servicer at the Corporate Trust Office;
(e) in the case of the initial Class A Noteholder and the Class A Note
Purchaser, to UBS Real Estate Securities Inc., 1285 Avenue of the Americas, 11th
Floor, New York, New York, 10019; Attn: Reginald deVilliers; Telephone: (212)
713-3055; Telecopy: (212) 713-7999; (f) in the case of the initial Class B
Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers, to The Patriot Group, LLC, One
Thorndal Circle, Darien, CT 06820, Attention: Bruce Katz, Telecopy (203)
656-4483; and to Waterfall Eden Fund, LP, 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 18th
Floor, New York, NY 10036; Attention: Jack Ross; Telecopy: (212) 843-8909; and
(g) in the case of any subsequent Noteholders, at the address reflected on the
Note Register. Any Note Purchaser may deliver to the Noteholders any notices,
reports, Servicer's Certificates or any other documentation delivered to such
Note Purchaser hereunder or under any other Basic Document, but is under no
obligation to so deliver such documentation and shall not be liable for the
content thereof. Any notice so mailed within the time prescribed in this
Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not
the Noteholders or Note Purchasers shall receive such notice.

     SECTION 11.4. ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, except as
provided in SECTIONS 8.4, 9.3 and this SECTION 11.4 and as provided in the
provisions of this Agreement concerning the resignation of the Servicer, this
Agreement may not be assigned by the Purchaser, the Seller, the Issuer or the
Servicer without the prior written consent of the Trustee, the Backup Servicer,
the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class; PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer
may pledge all of its right, title and interest herein to the Trustee for the
benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers without the prior written
consent of the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the Controlling Note Purchaser and
the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class.

     SECTION 11.5. LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS OF OTHERS. The provisions of this
Agreement are solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and for the benefit
of each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder as a third-party beneficiary. Except
as provided in the following sentence, nothing in this Agreement, whether
express or implied, shall be construed to give to any other Person any legal or
equitable right, remedy or claim in the Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate
Securities or the UBS Cross Collateral or under or in respect of this Agreement
or any covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, each of the Bear Indenture Trustee, each Class B note purchaser and
each Class B noteholder under the Bear Basic Documents shall be deemed to be a
third-party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement to the same extent as if
it was a party hereto, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreements.

     SECTION 11.6. SEVERABILITY. Any provision of this Agreement that is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

     SECTION 11.7. SEPARATE COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed by the
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and
delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument. Any signature page to this Agreement
containing a manual signature may be delivered by facsimile transmission or
other electronic communication device capable of transmitting or creating a
printable written record, and when so delivered shall have the effect of
delivery of an original manually signed signature page.

     SECTION 11.8. HEADINGS. The headings of the various Articles and Sections
herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not define or limit any
of the terms or provisions hereof.

     SECTION 11.9. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 2.1(A) AND
2.2 HEREOF) SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION
5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES
OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.
SECTIONS 2.1(A) AND 2.2 OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF
THE PARTIES UNDER SUCH SECTIONS SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH
LAWS.

                                      -55-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 11.10. ASSIGNMENT TO TRUSTEE. The Seller hereby acknowledges and
consents to any mortgage, pledge, assignment and grant of a security interest by
the Purchaser to the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchasers of all right, title and interest of the
Purchaser in, to and under the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property and/or
the assignment of any or all of the Purchaser's rights and obligations hereunder
to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

     SECTION 11.11. NONPETITION COVENANTS. Notwithstanding any prior termination
of this Agreement, the Servicer and the Seller shall not, prior to the date
which is one year and one day after the day upon which the outstanding principal
amount of each class of Notes has been reduced to zero, all Secured Obligations
and all other amounts due and payable to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders
pursuant to the Basic Documents have been paid in full, acquiesce, petition or
otherwise invoke or cause the Purchaser to invoke the process of any court or
government authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against
the Purchaser under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law
or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator
or other similar official of the Purchaser or any substantial part of its
property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the
Purchaser.

     SECTION 11.12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF TRUSTEE. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary, this Agreement has been executed and delivered
by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, not in its individual capacity but
solely as Trustee and Backup Servicer and in no event shall Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, have any liability for the representations, warranties,
covenants, agreements or other obligations of the Purchaser hereunder or in any
of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered pursuant hereto, as to all
of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Purchaser.

     SECTION 11.13. INDEPENDENCE OF THE SERVICER. For all purposes of this
Agreement, the Servicer shall be an independent contractor and shall not be
subject to the supervision of the Purchaser, the Trustee and Backup Servicer
with respect to the manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its
obligations hereunder. Unless expressly authorized by this Agreement, the
Servicer shall have no authority to act for or represent the Purchaser in any
way and shall not otherwise be deemed an agent of the Purchaser.

     SECTION 11.14. NO JOINT VENTURE. Nothing contained in this Agreement (i)
shall constitute the Servicer and the Purchaser as members of any partnership,
joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated business or other separate
entity, (ii) shall be construed to impose any liability as such on any of them
or (iii) shall be deemed to confer on any of them any express, implied or
apparent authority to incur any obligation or liability on behalf of the others,
except as expressly provided in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents.

     SECTION 11.15. INTENTION OF PARTIES REGARDING DELAWARE SECURITIZATION ACT.
It is the intention of the Purchaser and the Seller that the transfer and
assignment of the property contemplated by SECTION 2.1(A) of this Agreement
shall constitute a sale of property from the Seller to the Purchaser, conveying
good title thereto free and clear of any liens, and the beneficial interest in
and title to such assets shall not be part of the Seller's estate in the event
of the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or against the Seller under any
bankruptcy or similar law. In addition, for purposes of complying with the
requirements of the Asset-Backed Securities Facilitation Act of the State of
Delaware, 6 Del. C. ss. 2701A, et seq. (the "SECURITIZATION ACT"), each of the
parties hereto hereby agrees that:

          (a)  any property, assets or rights purported to be transferred, in
     whole or in part, by the Seller to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement
     shall be deemed to no longer be the property, assets or rights of the
     Seller;

          (b)  none of the Seller, its creditors or, in any insolvency
     proceeding with respect to the Seller or the Seller's property, a
     bankruptcy trustee, receiver, debtor, debtor in possession or similar
     person, to the extent the issue is governed by Delaware law, shall have any
     rights, legal or equitable, whatsoever to reacquire (except pursuant to a
     provision of this Agreement), reclaim, recover, repudiate, disaffirm,
     redeem or recharacterize as property of the Seller any property, assets or
     rights purported to be transferred, in whole or in part, by the Seller to
     the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement;

                                      -56-
<PAGE>

          (c)  in the event of a bankruptcy, receivership or other insolvency
     proceeding with respect to the Seller or the Seller's property, to the
     extent the issue is governed by Delaware law, such property, assets and
     rights shall not be deemed to be part of the Seller's property, assets,
     rights or estate; and

          (d)  the transaction contemplated by this Agreement shall constitute a
     "securitization transaction" as such term is used in the Securitization
     Act.

     SECTION 11.16. SPECIAL SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT. If any party to this
Agreement is unable to sign any amendment or supplement due to its dissolution,
winding up or comparable circumstances, then the consent of the Controlling Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class shall be
sufficient to amend this Agreement without such party's signature.

     SECTION 11.17. FULL RECOURSE TO THE ISSUER AND THE PURCHASER. The
obligations of the Issuer and the Purchaser under this Agreement and the other
Basic Documents to which it is a party shall be full recourse obligations of the
Issuer and the Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no recourse shall be
had for the payment of any amount owing hereunder or for the payment of any fee
hereunder or any other obligation of, or claim against, the Issuer or the
Purchaser arising out of or based upon any provision herein or under any other
Basic Document, against any member, employee, officer, agent, director or
authorized person of the Issuer or the Purchaser or any Affiliate thereof except
as the Issuer or the Purchaser may have expressly agreed and except that any
such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided
by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital
contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the foregoing shall not relieve any such person or
entity of any liability they might otherwise have as a result of fraudulent
actions or omissions taken by them. Nothing contained in this Section shall
limit or be deemed to limit any obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
Seller or the Servicer hereunder or under any other Basic Document, which
obligations are full recourse obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
Seller and the Servicer, respectively.

     SECTION 11.18. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF ROLES. The parties expressly acknowledge
and consent to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association acting in the multiple
capacities of Backup Servicer and Trustee. The parties agree that Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association in such multiple capacities shall not be subject to
any claim, defense or liability arising from its performance in any such
capacity based on conflict of interest principles, duty of loyalty principles or
other breach of fiduciary duties to the extent that any such conflict or breach
arises from the performance by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association of any
other such capacity or capacities in accordance with this Agreement or any other
Basic Documents to which it is a party.

     SECTION 11.19. TERMINATION. Except as otherwise provided herein, the
respective obligations and responsibilities of the Seller, the Purchaser, the
Issuer, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer and the Trustee created hereby shall
terminate on the Termination Date; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, in any case there shall be
delivered to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder an Opinion of
Counsel that all applicable preference periods under federal, State and local
bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws have expired with respect to the
payments pursuant to this SECTION 11.19. The Servicer shall promptly notify the
Trustee, the Seller, the Issuer, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder of any
prospective termination pursuant to this SECTION 11.19.

     SECTION 11.20. SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING
WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND BY
EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO CONSENTS,
FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF
THOSE COURTS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION,
INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM
NON CONVENIENS, OR ANY LEGAL PROCESS WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ANY OF ITS
PROPERTY, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER BASIC
DOCUMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT RELATED HERETO OR THERETO. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO
WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH MAY BE
MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY NEW YORK LAW.

                                      -57-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 11.21. WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH WAIVE THEIR
RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON
OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER BASIC DOCUMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER
LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY, WHETHER
WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS OR OTHERWISE. THE PARTIES HERETO
EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT
TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE
THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS
SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN WHOLE
OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY
OTHER BASIC DOCUMENT OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF OR THEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY
TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER BASIC DOCUMENT.

     SECTION 11.22. PROCESS AGENT. Each of the Purchaser, Seller, Servicer and
Trustee agrees that the process by which any proceedings in the State of New
York are begun may be served on it by being delivered by certified mail at the
chief executive office or corporate trust office, as applicable, or at its
registered office for the time being. If such person is not or ceases to be
effectively appointed to accept service of process on the Purchaser's, Seller's,
Servicer's or Trustee's behalf, the Purchaser, Seller, Servicer or Trustee, as
applicable, shall, on the written demand of the process agent, appoint a further
person in the State of New York to accept service of process on its behalf and,
failing such appointment within 15 days, the process agent shall be entitled to
appoint such a person by written notice to the Purchaser, Seller, Servicer or
Trustee, as applicable. Nothing in this sub-clause shall affect the right of the
process agent to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

     SECTION 11.23. SET-OFF.(a) Each of the Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer
and the Servicer agrees that it shall have no right of set-off or banker's lien
against, and no right to otherwise deduct from, any funds held in any account
described herein or in the Basic Documents for any amount owed to it by any Note
Purchaser or any Noteholder.

          (b)  In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under
     applicable law and not by way of limitation of such rights, during the
     continuance of any Event of Default hereunder:

               (i)  each Note Purchaser is hereby authorized at any time and
          from time to time, without notice to the Purchaser or the Issuer, such
          notice being hereby expressly waived, to set-off any obligation owing
          by such Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to the Purchaser or
          the Issuer, or against any funds or other property of the Purchaser or
          the Issuer, held by or otherwise in the possession of such Note
          Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, the respective obligations of the
          Purchaser or the Issuer to such Note Purchaser under this Agreement
          and the other Basic Documents and irrespective of whether or not such
          Note Purchaser shall have made any demand hereunder or thereunder;
          provided that if a Class B Note Purchaser elects to exercise its right
          of set-off pursuant to this clause (i) at any time that it is not the
          Controlling Note Purchaser, such Class B Note Purchaser shall pay the
          amount of any such set-off to the Trustee for deposit into the
          Collection Account for application pursuant to Section 5.7 hereof; and

               (ii) each Note Purchaser is hereby authorized at any time and
          from time to time, without notice to the Seller or the Servicer, such
          notice being hereby expressly waived, to set-off any obligation owing
          by such Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to the Seller or the
          Servicer, or against any funds or other property of the Seller or the
          Servicer held by or otherwise in the possession of such Note Purchaser
          or any of its Affiliates, the respective obligations of the Seller or
          the Servicer to such Note Purchaser under this Agreement and the other
          Basic Documents and irrespective of whether or not such Note Purchaser
          shall have made any demand hereunder or thereunder; provided that if a
          Class B Note Purchaser elects to exercise its right of set-off

                                      -58-
<PAGE>

          pursuant to this clause (ii) at any time that it is not the
          Controlling Note Purchaser, such Class B Note Purchaser shall pay the
          amount of any such set-off to the Trustee for deposit into the
          Collection Account for application pursuant to Section 5.7 hereof.

     SECTION 11.24. NO WAIVER; CUMULATIVE REMEDIES. No failure to exercise and
no delay in exercising any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder, shall
operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further
exercise hereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.
The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and
not exhaustive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.

     SECTION 11.25. MERGER AND INTEGRATION. Except as specifically stated
otherwise herein, this Agreement and the other Basic Documents sets forth the
entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and
all prior understandings, written or oral, are superseded by this Agreement and
the other Basic Documents. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, waived
or supplemented except as provided herein.

     SECTION 11.26. INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT TO CONTROL. The rights, obligations
and remedies of the parties to this Agreement and under the other Basic
Documents are subject in all respects to the terms and provisions of the
Intercreditor Agreements; provided, however that to the extent such rights,
obligations and remedies relate to the Bear Cross Collateral, such rights,
obligations and remedies are subject in all respects to the terms and provisions
of the Bear Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the
terms of this Agreement or any other Basic Document and the Intercreditor
Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement shall control. In addition, in the event
of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement or any other Basic Document
and the Bear Intercreditor Agreement that relates to the Bear Cross Collateral,
the Bear Intercreditor Agreement shall control.

     SECTION 11.27. CONTROLLING NOTE PURCHASER; MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS OF HIGHEST
PRIORITY CLASS. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or the
other Basic Documents to the contrary, in taking or refraining from taking any
action with respect to this Agreement or any other Basic Document, (i) the Class
A Note Purchaser, when acting as Controlling Note Purchaser, will be acting
solely for its own benefit, and (ii) any Class A Noteholder, when acting as one
of the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, shall be acting
solely for its own benefit, and in each case not as agent, fiduciary or in any
other capacity on behalf of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer,
any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B Noteholder or any other Person. The
interests of the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders may be
adverse to the interests of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer,
the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders (or any of them), and
the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders are not obligated to
consider the interests of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer,
any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B Noteholder or any other Person in taking
or refraining from taking any action under this Agreement or any other Basic
Document (including without limitation making any determination of Market Value,
making any determination of market value of Pledged Subordinate Securities,
determining whether or not to extend the Servicer's term, declaring an Event of
Default, declaring a Class A Funding Termination Event, declaring a Servicer
Termination Event, agreeing to any amendments to or waivers under any Basic
Document, accelerating the Class A Notes or exercising any other rights or
remedies under any Basic Document or applicable law). Accordingly, any action
taken or omitted by the Class A Note Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder under
this Agreement or any other Basic Document may not be in the interests of, and
may be directly adverse to the interests of, the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
Seller, the Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders
(or any of them). In addition, except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement or the other Basic Documents, the Class A Note Purchaser or any Class
A Noteholder may waive or modify the terms of this Agreement or any other Basic
Document from time to time without the consent of any Class B Note Purchaser or
any Class B Noteholder, and shall, if an Event of Default, a Class A Funding
Termination Event or a Servicer Termination Event shall occur, have the sole and
absolute discretion to exercise rights and remedies under the Basic Documents
(except with respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities, the Bear Cross
Collateral (subject to the Bear Intercreditor Agreement) and the Class B
Available Funds), including without limitation to terminate the Servicer and/or
to cause an acceleration of the Class A Notes and the liquidation of the
Collateral, in each case without regard to the interests of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B
Noteholder or any other Person. The Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the
Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders hereby waive
any and all conflicts of interest (if any) that may arise in respect of the
exercise of any such rights or remedies by the Class A Note Purchaser or any
Class A Noteholder.

                                      -59-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 11.28. NO NOVATION. It is expressly understood and agreed by the
parties hereto that the amendment and restatement of this Agreement is in no way
intended to and shall not be deemed to constitute a novation or repayment of the
outstanding Class A Advances and the other obligations and liabilities existing
under the Original Basic Documents and the security interest of the Trustee in
the Collateral for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers shall
remain in full force and effect after giving effect to the amendment and
restatement of this Agreement.

     SECTION 11.29. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND INDEMNITIES. The
representations, warranties and indemnity obligations of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Servicer, the Seller and CPS made in the Original Sale and
Servicing Agreement and each other Original Basic Document prior to the Class B
Closing Date shall survive the Class B Closing Date and the execution and
delivery of this Agreement, and each such representation and warranty so made is
true and correct as of the date originally made and as of the date hereof.

                                      -60-
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of
the day and the year first above written.

                                PAGE FUNDING LLC, as Purchaser and Issuer




                                By:
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                Name:
                                Title:

                                CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC., as
                                Seller and Servicer


                                By:
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                Name:
                                Title:

                                WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in
                                its individual capacity, but solely as Backup
                                Servicer and Trustee


                                By:
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                Name:
                                Title:


CONSENTED TO BY:

UBS REAL ESTATE SECURITIES, INC.,
as Class A Noteholder and Class A Note Purchaser


By:
   ----------------------------------------
Name:
     --------------------------------------
Title:
      -------------------------------------



By:
   ----------------------------------------
Name:
     --------------------------------------
Title:
      -------------------------------------


                                      -61-
<PAGE>

                                 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
                                 ---------------

     TFC, in its capacity as a subservicer with respect to the TFC Managed
Receivables hereby acknowledges and agrees to the provisions set forth in
Sections 4.5 and 4.17 of the foregoing Agreement.



                                                THE FINANCE COMPANY



                                                By:____________________________
                                                Name:__________________________
                                                Title:_________________________

<PAGE>

                             ANNEX A---DEFINED TERMS


     "ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENT" means that Amended and Restated Deposit Account
Control Agreement dated as of February 14, 2007, by and among CPS, the Note
Purchasers and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as such agreement may be
further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof.

     "ACCOUNTING DATE" means, with respect to any Determination Date, the close
of business on the day immediately preceding such Determination Date.

     "ACCOUNTANTS' REPORT" means the report of a firm of nationally recognized
independent accountants described in SECTION 4.11 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

     "ACCRUAL PERIOD" means a calendar month; provided that the initial Accrual
Period for the Class A Notes shall be the period from and including the day
after the Cutoff Date for the initial Class A Funding Date to and including July
31, 2004, and the initial Accrual Period for the Class B Notes shall be the
period from and including the day after the Cutoff Date for the initial Class B
Funding Date to and including March 15, 2007.

     "ACT" has the meaning specified in SECTION 11.3 of the Indenture.

     "ADDITIONAL CLASS B COLLATERAL" means, collectively, the collateral granted
pursuant to Granting Clause II of the Indenture and Granting Clause III of the
Bear Indenture.

     "ADDITION NOTICE" means, with respect to any transfer of Receivables to the
Purchaser pursuant to SECTION 2.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, notice of
the Seller's election to transfer Receivables to the Purchaser, such notice to
designate the related Funding Date and the aggregate principal amount of
Receivables to be transferred on such Funding Date, substantially in the form of
EXHIBIT G to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "ADVANCE" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, a Class A Advance and
with respect to the Class B Notes, a Class B Advance.

     "ADVANCE AMOUNT" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the Class A
Advance Amount and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B Advance
Amount.

     "AFFILIATE" of any Person means any Person who directly or indirectly
controls, is controlled by, or is under direct or indirect common control with
such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term "CONTROL" when used with
respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of
such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling", "CONTROLLED
BY" and "UNDER COMMON CONTROL WITH" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
In addition, for purposes of this definition, any fund or investment vehicle,
whether existing as of the Class B Closing Date or thereafter formed, which is
managed by any Person, shall be deemed to by an "AFFILIATE" of such Person.

     "AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL BALANCE" means, with respect to any date of
determination and with respect to the Receivables, the Eligible Receivables or
any specified portion thereof, as the case may be, the sum of the Principal
Balances for all Receivables, the Eligible Receivables or any specified portion
thereof, as the case may be (other than (i) any Receivable that became a
Liquidated Receivable prior to the end of the most recently ended Accrual Period
and (ii) any Receivable that became a Purchased Receivable prior to the end of
the most recently ended Accrual Period) as of the date of determination.

     "AMOUNT FINANCED" means, with respect to a Receivable, the aggregate amount
advanced under such Receivable toward the purchase price of the Financed Vehicle
and any related costs, including amounts advanced in respect of accessories,
insurance premiums, service and warranty contracts, other items customarily
financed as part of a Contract, and related costs.

<PAGE>

     "ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATE" or "APR" of a Receivable means the annual
percentage rate of finance charges or service charges, as stated in the related
Contract.

     "ASSIGNMENT" means an assignment from the Seller to the Purchaser with
respect to the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property to be conveyed by the
Seller to the Purchaser on any Funding Date, in substantially the form of
EXHIBIT F to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "ASSUMPTION DATE" has the meaning set forth in SECTION 10.3(A) of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement.

     "AUTHORIZED OFFICER" means, with respect to the Servicer or the Issuer, any
officer or agent acting pursuant to a power of attorney of the Servicer or the
Issuer, as the case may be, who is authorized to act therefor and who is
identified on the list of Authorized Officers delivered by such Person to the
Trustee and each Note Purchaser on the Class B Closing Date (as such list may be
modified or supplemented from time to time thereafter).

     "AVAILABLE FUNDS" means, for each Settlement Date, the sum of the following
amounts with respect to the preceding Accrual Period, without duplication: (i)
all collections on the Receivables; (ii) all Net Liquidation Proceeds received
during such Accrual Period with respect to Liquidated Receivables; (iii) the
Purchase Amount of each Receivable repurchased by the Seller or the Purchaser
during such Accrual Period; (iv) Investment Earnings in respect of Available
Funds for the related Settlement Date; (v) all amounts received during such
Accrual Period pursuant to Receivable Insurance Policies with respect to any
Financed Vehicles; (vi) cash received from a Class A Margin Call and/or a Class
B Margin Call; (vii) any amounts received during such Accrual Period (including,
without limitation, all proceeds from any Securitization Transaction) in respect
of Collateral that is released from the Lien Granted by Granting Clause I and
Granting Clause III of the Indenture in connection with an optional prepayment
of a class of Notes in accordance with Section 10.1 of the Indenture; (viii) any
amounts received during such Accrual Period from a Class B Note Purchaser
pursuant to Section 11.23(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement; and (ix) all
proceeds received during such Accrual Period in connection with the sale of any
TFC Receivables pursuant to Section 5.17 of the Indenture.

     "BACKUP SERVICER" means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association in its
capacity as Backup Servicer pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Assumption
Agreement or such Person as shall have been appointed Backup Servicer pursuant
to Section 9.3(b) or 9.6 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "BACKUP SERVICING FEE" means (A) the fee payable to the Backup Servicer so
long as the Seller or any successor Servicer (other than the Backup Servicer) is
the Servicer, on each Settlement Date in the amount equal to $1,800 per monthly
data transmission received by the Backup Servicer pursuant to Section 4.14 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement and (B) any other amounts payable to the Backup
Servicer pursuant to the Fee Schedule.

     "BANKRUPTCY CODE" means the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as amended from
time to time, and as codified as 11 U.S.C. Section 101 ET SEQ.

     "BASIC DOCUMENTS" means the Notes, the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing
Agreement (including this Annex A), the Lockbox Agreements, each Note Purchase
Agreement, the LLC Agreement, each Assignment, the Pledge Agreement, the
Servicing Assumption Agreement, the Engagement Letter, the Consent and
Agreement, the Servicer Termination Side Letter, the Account Control Agreement,
the Intercreditor Agreement, the Bear Intercreditor Agreement and other
documents and certificates delivered in connection therewith.

     "BEAR BASIC DOCUMENTS" has the meaning assigned to the term "Basic
Documents" in Annex A to the Bear Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "BEAR CROSS COLLATERAL" has the meaning specified in Granting Clause III of
the Bear Indenture.

     "BEAR INDENTURE" means the Amended and Restated Indenture dated as of
January 12, 2007 between Page Three Funding LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as trustee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

<PAGE>

     "BEAR INDENTURE TRUSTEE" means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a
national banking association, not in its individual capacity but as trustee
under the Bear Indenture, or any successor trustee under the Bear Indenture.

     "BEAR INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT" means the Intercreditor Agreement by and
among Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., The Patriot Group, LLC, Waterfall Eden Fund, LP,
Page Three Funding, LLC, CPS and the Bear Indenture Trustee, as the same may be
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with
the terms thereof.

     "BEAR SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT" means the Amended and Restated Sale and
Servicing Agreement dated as of January 12, 2007, by and among Page Three
Funding LLC, as Purchaser and Issuer, CPS, as Seller and Servicer, and Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association, as the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as the
same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof.

     "BEAR SECURED OBLIGATIONS" means all amounts and obligations which Page
Three Funding LLC may at any time owe under the Bear Warehouse Facility to, or
on behalf of, the holders of the Class B notes issued thereunder, the Class B
note purchasers thereunder and/or the Bear Indenture Trustee for the benefit of
the holders of the Class B notes issued thereunder and the Class B note
purchasers thereunder, in each case whether now owed or hereafter arising.

     "BEAR WAREHOUSE FACILITY" means the transactions contemplated by the Bear
Basic Documents.

     "BEAR WAREHOUSE FACILITY TERMINATION DATE" means the date on which the
commitment of the Class A note purchaser under the Bear Warehouse Facility to
make advances under the Bear Basic Documents is terminated in accordance with
the terms of the Bear Basic Documents, unless such commitment is extended by the
Class A note purchaser under the Bear Warehouse Facility in accordance with the
terms of the Bear Basic Documents.

     "BORROWING BASE" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the Class A
Borrowing Base and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B Borrowing
Base.

     "BORROWING BASE DEFICIENCY" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, a
Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency and with respect to the Class B Notes, a Class
B Borrowing Base Deficiency.

     "BUSINESS DAY" means any (i) day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or other
day on which commercial banks located in the states of Minnesota, California or
New York are authorized or obligated to be closed and (ii) if the applicable
Business Day relates to the determination of LIBOR, a day which is a day
described in clause (i) above which is also a day for trading by and between
banks in the London interbank eurodollar market.

     "CASUALTY" means, with respect to a Financed Vehicle, the total loss or
destruction of such Financed Vehicle.

     "CHANGE OF CONTROL" means a change resulting when (i) the Seller no longer
owns 100% of the membership interests in the Purchaser, (ii) the Seller or the
Purchaser merges or consolidates with, or sells all or substantially all of its
assets to any other Person, or (iii) any Unrelated Person or any Unrelated
Persons, acting together, that would constitute a Group together with any
Affiliates or Related Persons thereof (in each case also constituting Unrelated
Persons) shall at any time Beneficially Own more than 50% of the aggregate
voting power of all classes of Voting Stock of the Seller. As used herein, (a)
"Beneficially Own" shall mean "beneficially own" as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the
Exchange Act, or any successor provision thereto; provided, however, that, for
purposes of this definition, a Person shall not be deemed to Beneficially Own
securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf
of such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates until such tendered securities
are accepted for purchase or exchange; (b) "Group" shall mean a "group" for
purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act; (c) "Unrelated Person" shall mean
at any time any Person other than the Seller or any of its Subsidiaries and
other than any trust for any employee benefit plan of the Seller or any of its
Subsidiaries; (d) "Related Person" shall mean any other Person owning (1) 5% or

<PAGE>

more of the outstanding common stock of such Person, or (2) 5% or more of the
Voting Stock of such Person; and (e) "Voting Stock" of any Person shall mean the
capital stock or other indicia of equity rights of such Person which at the time
has the power to vote for the election of one or more members of the Board of
Directors (or other governing body) of such Person.

     "CLASS A ADVANCE" has the meaning assigned to the term "Advance" in
paragraph 4 of the recitals to the Class A Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS A ADVANCE AMOUNT" means, as of any Class A Funding Date, an amount
not less than $2,000,000 and not more than the lesser of (i) the excess of the
Class A Maximum Invested Amount over the Class A Invested Amount as of such
Class A Funding Date and (ii) the excess of the Class A Net Borrowing Base
(taking into account the Receivables to be purchased on such Class A Funding
Date) over the Class A Invested Amount as of such Class A Funding Date.

     "CLASS A ADVANCE RATE" means (a) with respect to each TFC Receivable, 70%
and (b) with respect to each CPS Receivable, 83%.

     "CLASS A ADVANCE REQUEST" has the meaning given to such term in Section
2.03(a) of the Class A Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS A AMORTIZATION PERIOD" means the period beginning on the Class A
Facility Termination Date and ending on the Class A Final Scheduled Settlement
Date.

     "CLASS A APPLICABLE MARGIN" means (a) with respect to any day prior to the
commencement of the Amortization Period, 2.00%, and (b) with respect to any day
on or after which the Amortization Period commences, the Class A Default
Applicable Margin.

     "CLASS A BORROWING BASE" means, as of any date of determination, an amount
equal to the sum of (i) the CPS Borrowing Base, (ii) the lesser of (A) the TFC
Borrowing Base and (B) $25,000,000 and (iii) Available Funds allocable to
principal payments made by Obligors (including any Eligible Investments) on
deposit in the Collection Account.

     "CLASS A BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE" means, with respect to any transfer of
Receivables, the certificate of the Servicer setting forth the calculation of
the Class A Borrowing Base, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT A to the Class
A Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS A BORROWING BASE DEFICIENCY" means, as of any date of determination,
the positive excess, if any, of the Class A Invested Amount over the Class A
Borrowing Base, after application of funds, if any, by the Trustee in reduction
of the Class A Invested Amount as contemplated by Section 3.05 of the Class A
Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS A CLOSING DATE" means June 30, 2004.

     "CLASS A COMMITMENT" means the obligation of the Class A Note Purchaser to
make Class A Advances to the Issuer pursuant to the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Class A Note Purchase Agreement and the other Basic Documents,
which obligation shall be deemed terminated following the occurrence and
continuance of a Class A Funding Termination Event if any and all amounts due to
the Class A Note Purchaser and/or the Class A Noteholders pursuant to the Basic
Documents have been paid in full.

     "CLASS A DEFAULT APPLICABLE MARGIN" means 4.00%.

     "CLASS A FACILITY TERMINATION DATE" means the earlier of (I) the first to
occur of (A) the Class A Scheduled Maturity Date or (B) the date of the
occurrence of a Class A Funding Termination Event specified in clauses (iv)
through (vi) of the definition thereof, (II) the date of the occurrence of a
Class A Funding Termination Event specified in clauses (i) through (iii) of the
definition thereof, and (III) any anniversary of the Class A Closing Date to the
extent that the Class A Note Purchaser, the Issuer or CPS has delivered notice
of termination to the other parties to the Class A Note Purchase Agreement and
the Class B Note Purchasers no earlier than 90 days and no later than 30 days
prior to such anniversary.

<PAGE>

     "CLASS A FINAL SCHEDULED SETTLEMENT DATE" means the Settlement Date
occurring on or after the date that is four months after the Class A Facility
Termination Date.

     "CLASS A FUNDING DATE" means the Business Day on which a Class A Advance
occurs.

     "CLASS A FUNDING TERMINATION EVENT" means the occurrence of any one of the
following events, unless waived in writing by the Class A Note Purchaser: (i) an
Event of Default; (ii) failure by the Seller or the Servicer to repurchase any
Receivable in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement;
(iii) CPS or an Affiliate thereof shall no longer be the Servicer under the Sale
and Servicing Agreement; (iv) CPS is terminated as servicer under any other sale
and servicing agreement relating to a term securitization or warehouse financing
facility (other than a term securitization or a warehouse financing facility,
with respect to which CPS is only in the capacity of a third-party servicer and
owns no residual interest therein and the related retail motor vehicle
installment sale contracts of which were not originated or purchased by CPS or
its Affiliates); (v) failure by the Issuer or the Servicer to accept the
proposed assignee in accordance with Section 8.03(c)(iii) of the Class A Note
Purchase Agreement; and (vi) Charles E. Bradley, Sr. becomes an officer,
director or employee of the Seller.

     "CLASS A HOLDERS" or "CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS" means the Persons in whose name
the Class A Notes are registered on the Note Register, which on the Class B
Closing Date shall be UBS Real Estate Securities Inc. or an Affiliate thereof.

     "CLASS A INITIAL ADVANCE" means the first Class A Advance that is funded on
or after the Closing Date.

     "CLASS A INVESTED AMOUNT" means, with respect to any date of determination,
the aggregate principal amount (including all Class A Advance Amounts as of such
date) of the Class A Notes at such date of determination.

     "CLASS A MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS" means Holders of Class A Notes that in the
aggregate constitute more than 50% of the Percentage Interests of all Class A
Notes.

     "CLASS A MARGIN CALL" has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.06(c)
of the Class A Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS A MAXIMUM INVESTED AMOUNT" means $200,000,000.

     "CLASS A NET BORROWING BASE" means, as of any date of determination, an
amount equal to the Class A Borrowing Base, less any Available Funds (including
any Eligible Investments) on deposit in the Collection Account.

     "CLASS A NOTES" means the Floating Rate Variable Funding Notes, Class A,
each substantially in the form set forth in EXHIBIT A-1 to the Indenture.

     "CLASS A NOTE INTEREST RATE" means for any day during any Interest Period
the sum of (i) LIBOR for such day and (ii) the Class A Applicable Margin for
such day; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Class A Note Interest Rate will in no
event be higher than the maximum rate permitted by law.

     "CLASS A NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT" means the Second Amended and Restated
Note Purchase Agreement dated as of February 14, 2007 among UBS Real Estate
Securities Inc., the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer, as the
same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof.

<PAGE>

     "CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER" means UBS Real Estate Securities Inc. and its
successors and permitted assigns.

     "CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS' INTEREST CARRYOVER SHORTFALL" means, with respect to
any Settlement Date, the excess of the Class A Noteholders' Interest
Distributable Amount for the preceding Settlement Date over the amount that was
actually deposited in the Note Distribution Account on such preceding Settlement
Date on account of the Class A Noteholders' Interest Distributable Amount.

     "CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS' INTEREST DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT" means, with respect to
any Settlement Date, the sum of the Class A Noteholders' Monthly Interest
Distributable Amount for such Settlement Date and the Class A Noteholders'
Interest Carryover Shortfall for such Settlement Date, if any, plus interest on
the Class A Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall, to the extent permitted
by law, at the Class A Note Interest Rate for the related Interest Period(s),
from and including the preceding Settlement Date to, but excluding, the current
Settlement Date.

     "CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS' MONTHLY INTEREST DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT" means, with
respect to any Settlement Date, the sum of the interest amounts accrued on the
Class A Notes on each day during the related Interest Period. The interest
amount accrued on the Class A Notes on any day during any Interest Period shall
equal the product of (i) the Class A Note Interest Rate for such day and (ii)
the Class A Invested Amount on such day and (iii) 1/360.

     "CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS' PRINCIPAL DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT" means, with respect
to any Settlement Date (other than the Class A Final Scheduled Settlement Date)
(A) (i) prior to the Class A Facility Termination Date or (ii) upon and after
the Class A Facility Termination Date that results upon the occurrence of any
event specified in clause (I) or (III) of the definition thereof, the Class A
Borrowing Base Deficiency, if any, and (B) upon and after the Class A Facility
Termination Date that results upon the occurrence of any event specified in
clause (II) of the definition thereof, the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of the Class A Notes. The Class A Noteholders' Principal Distributable
Amount on the Class A Final Scheduled Settlement Date will equal the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes.

     "CLASS A SCHEDULED MATURITY DATE" means June 30, 2007 or such later date as
agreed upon pursuant to SECTION 2.05 of the Class A Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS A TERM" has the meaning given to such term in SECTION 2.05 of the
Class A Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS A UNUSED FACILITY FEE" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(c)
of the Class A Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS B ADVANCE" has the meaning set forth in paragraph 4 of the recitals
to the Class B Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS B ADVANCE AMOUNT" means, as of any Class B Funding Date, an amount
not less than $250,000 and not more than the lesser of (i) the excess of the
Class B Maximum Invested Amount over the Class B Invested Amount as of such
Class B Funding Date and (ii) the excess of the Class B Borrowing Base over the
Class B Invested Amount as of such Class B Funding Date.

     "CLASS B ADVANCE REQUEST" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(a) of
the Class B Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS B APPLICABLE MARGIN" means 5.50%; provided that on any day on which
an Event of Default shall exist, the Class B Applicable Margin shall be the
Class B Default Applicable Margin.

     "CLASS B AVAILABLE FUNDS" means, for each Settlement Date, (i) all amounts
collected during the related Accrual Period in respect of the Additional Class B
Collateral; (ii) Investment Earnings in respect of Class B Available Funds for

<PAGE>

the related Settlement Date; (iii) any amounts received during the related
Accrual Period in respect of Additional Class B Collateral that are released
from the Lien Granted by Granting Clause II of the Indenture in connection with
an optional prepayment of the Class B Notes in accordance with Section 10.1 of
the Indenture, (iv) any amounts received during the related Accrual Period in
respect of Bear Cross Collateral that is released from the Lien Granted by
Granting Clause III of the Bear Indenture in connection with an optional
prepayment of the Class B notes issued pursuant to the Bear Indenture in
accordance with Section 10.1 thereof; and (v) any Pre-Funding Proceeds deposited
by the Issuer into the Collection Account pursuant to Section 10.1 of the
Indenture.

     "CLASS B BORROWING BASE" means, as of any date of determination, an amount
equal to the sum of (1) the lesser of (A) the excess of (I) 96% of the Market
Value (excluding for purposes of this calculation the TFC Receivables) over (II)
the Class A Invested Amount (calculated without regard to Class A Advances made
with respect to the TFC Receivables) and (B) the excess of (I) the product of
(a) the Net Eligible Receivables Balance (excluding for purposes of this
calculation the TFC Receivables) and (b) the Maximum Advance Rate over (II) the
Class A Invested Amount (calculated without regard to Class A Advances made with
respect to the TFC Receivables), and (2) 50% of the market value (as determined
by the lead placement agent of the related Securitization Transaction) of any
Pledged Subordinate Securities (excluding, for purposes of such calculation, any
Pledged Subordinate Securities that constitute residual interest securities);
provided, however, that for purposes of this definition, the market value of any
Pledged Subordinate Securities shall be deemed to equal zero from and after 31
days after the related Securitization Closing Date, and the Pledged Subordinate
Securities shall only support the Class B Advances in respect of CPS Receivables
that have been sold into the related Securitization Transaction.

     "CLASS B BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE" means, with respect to any transfer of
Receivables, the certificate of the Servicer setting forth the calculation of
the Class B Borrowing Base, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT A to the Class
B Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS B BORROWING BASE DEFICIENCY" means, as of any date of determination,
the positive excess, if any, of the Class B Invested Amount over the Class B
Borrowing Base, after application of funds, if any, by the Trustee in reduction
of the Class B Invested Amount as contemplated by Section 3.05 of the Class B
Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS B CLOSING DATE" means February 14, 2007.

     "CLASS B COMMITMENT" means the collective obligation of the Class B Note
Purchasers to make their respective pro rata portion of the Class B Advances to
the Issuer pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Class B
Note Purchase Agreement and the other Basic Documents.

     "CLASS B COMMITMENT FEE" means, with respect to any Settlement Date, for so
long as no Funding Termination Event shall have occurred and be continuing, a
fee in an amount equal to the product of (a) a fraction, the numerator of which
is the actual number of days elapsed in the related Accrual Period and the
denominator of which is 360, (b) twenty-five basis points (0.25%) and (c) the
excess, if any, of (i) $25,000,000 over (ii) the greater of (1) $6,250,000 and
(2) the sum of (x) the daily average of the Class B Invested Amount for the
immediately preceding Accrual Period set forth in the related Servicer's
Certificate as and to the extent verified by each Class B Note Purchaser, and
(y) the daily average of the "Class B Invested Amount" under the Bear Warehouse
Facility for the immediately preceding accrual period set forth in the related
servicer's certificate delivered under the Bear Basic Documents as and to the
extent verified by each Class B note purchaser thereunder.

     "CLASS B DEFAULT" means any occurrence that is, or with notice or the lapse
of time or both would become, a Class B Event of Default.

     "CLASS B DEFAULT APPLICABLE MARGIN" means 7.50%.

     "CLASS B EVENT OF DEFAULT" means (i) a default in the payment of any
interest or principal on the Class B Notes or any other amount due with respect
to the Class B Notes or any amount due to any Class B Note Purchaser under any
Basic Document when the same becomes due and payable, which default continues
for a period of one (1) Business Day, (ii) the occurrence and continuance of a

<PAGE>

Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency that is not cured within one (1) Business Day,
(iii) the Trustee shall for any reason cease to have a first priority perfected
security interest in the Pledged Subordinate Securities for the benefit of the
Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers, (iv) the Trustee shall for
any reason cease to have a second priority perfected security interest in the
Bear Cross Collateral (subject only to the prior Liens granted pursuant to the
Bear Basic Documents), for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the Class
B Note Purchasers; or (v) the failure by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer
or the Seller to perform or observe any term, covenant, or agreement under the
Basic Documents, which failure materially and adversely affects the rights of
the Class B Note Purchasers and/or the Class B Noteholders (as determined by a
Class B Note Purchaser or the Class B Majority Noteholders in their sole
discretion) and is not cured within 30 calendar days after written notice is
received by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller, as
applicable, from the Trustee, a Class B Note Purchaser or a Class B Noteholder
or after discovery of such failure by a Responsible Officer of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller, as applicable. "CLASS B FACILITY RENEWAL
FEE" has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a) of the Class B Note Purchase
Agreement.

     "CLASS B FACILITY TERMINATION DATE" means the earlier of (a) the Class B
Scheduled Maturity Date, (b) the date of the occurrence of an Event of Default
specified in Section 5.1(a)(v) of the Indenture, and (c) the date of the
occurrence of any Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in
Section 5.1(a)(v) of the Indenture) if the Class B Note Purchaser is the
Controlling Note Purchaser on such date.

     "CLASS B FUNDING DATE" means the Business Day on which a Class B Advance
occurs.

     "CLASS B FUNDING TERMINATION EVENT" means the occurrence and continuance of
(i) a Class A Funding Termination Event, or (ii) a Class B Event of Default.

     "CLASS B HOLDERS" or "CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS" means the Persons in whose name
the Class B Notes are registered on the Note Register, which shall initially be
The Patriot Group, LLC and Waterfall Eden Fund, LP.

     "CLASS B INITIAL ADVANCE" means the first Class B Advance that is funded on
or after the Closing Date.

     "CLASS B INVESTED AMOUNT" means, with respect to any date of determination,
the aggregate principal amount (including all outstanding Class B Advances as of
such date) of the Class B Notes at such date of determination.

     "CLASS B MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS" means Holders of Class B Notes that in the
aggregate constitute more than 50% of the Percentage Interests of all Class B
Notes.

     "CLASS B MARGIN CALL" has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.05(c)
of the Class B Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS B MAXIMUM INVESTED AMOUNT" means, as of any date, $25,000,000, less
the outstanding principal amount of any Bear Secured Obligations on such date.

     "CLASS B NOTES" means the Floating Rate Variable Funding Notes, Class B,
each substantially in the form set forth in EXHIBIT A-2 to the Indenture.

     "CLASS B NOTE INTEREST RATE" means for any day during any Interest Period
the sum of (i) LIBOR for such day and (ii) the Class B Applicable Margin for
such day; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Class B Note Interest Rate will in no
event be higher than the maximum rate permitted by law.

     "CLASS B NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT" means the Note Purchase Agreement dated
as of February 14, 2007 among each Class B Note Purchaser, the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer, as the same may be amended, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

<PAGE>

     "CLASS B NOTE PURCHASER" means each of The Patriot Group, LLC and Waterfall
Eden Fund, LP and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

     "CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS' INTEREST CARRYOVER SHORTFALL" means, with respect to
any Settlement Date, the excess of the Class B Noteholders' Interest
Distributable Amount for the preceding Settlement Date over the amount that was
actually deposited in the Note Distribution Account on such preceding Settlement
Date on account of the Class B Noteholders' Interest Distributable Amount.

     "CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS' INTEREST DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT" means, with respect to
any Settlement Date, the sum of the Class B Noteholders' Monthly Interest
Distributable Amount for such Settlement Date and the Class B Noteholders'
Interest Carryover Shortfall for such Settlement Date, if any, plus interest on
the Class B Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall, to the extent permitted
by law, at the Class B Note Interest Rate for the related Interest Period(s),
from and including the preceding Settlement Date to, but excluding, the current
Settlement Date.

     "CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS' MONTHLY INTEREST DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT" means, with
respect to any Settlement Date, the sum of the interest amounts accrued on the
Class B Notes on each day during the related Interest Period. The interest
amount accrued on the Class B Notes on any day during any Interest Period shall
equal the product of (i) the Class B Note Interest Rate for such day and (ii)
the greater of (x) the Class B Invested Amount on such day and (y) the lesser of
(A) the positive excess, if any, of (I) $6,250,000 over (II) the "Class B
Invested Amount" under the Bear Warehouse Facility on such day, and (B)
$3,125,000 (which is 12.5% of the Class B Maximum Invested Amount) and (iii)
1/360.

     "CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS' PRINCIPAL DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT" means, with respect
to any Settlement Date (A) prior to the Class B Facility Termination Date, the
Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency, if any, and (B) upon and after the Class B
Facility Termination Date, the Class B Invested Amount.

     "CLASS B SCHEDULED MATURITY DATE" means January 11, 2008 or such later date
as agreed upon pursuant to SECTION 2.05 of the Class B Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLASS B TERM" has the meaning given to such term in SECTION 2.05 of the
Class B Note Purchase Agreement.

     "CLEARING AGENCY" means an organization registered as a "clearing agency"
pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision thereto.
The initial Clearing Agency shall be The Depository Trust Company.

     "CLOSING DATE" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the Class A
Closing Date and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B Closing Date.

     "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to
time, and Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.

     "COLLATERAL" has the meaning specified in the Granting Clause I of the
Indenture.

     "COLLECTION ACCOUNT" means the account designated as such, established and
maintained pursuant to SECTION 5.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "COMMISSION" means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

     "COMMITMENT" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the Class A
Commitment and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B Commitment.

     "CONCENTRATION LIMITS" means with respect to Eligible Receivables:

<PAGE>

               (i)  CPS Receivables the Obligors of which are the subject of
          Insolvency Events under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code and have
          completed a 341 Hearing shall not at any time represent more than 5%
          of the Aggregate Principal Balance of the CPS Receivables;

               (ii) CPS Receivables originated under the Seller's "Delta
          Program" and "First Time Buyer Program" shall not in the aggregate at
          any time represent more than 15% of the Aggregate Principal Balance of
          the CPS Receivables;

               (iii) TFC Receivables with respect to which more than 10% of a
          Scheduled Receivable Payment is more than 31 days contractually
          delinquent as of the end of the immediately preceding Accrual Period
          shall not in the aggregate represent more than 10% of the Aggregate
          Principal Balance of the TFC Receivables;

               (iv) TFC Receivables originated under TFC's "E-1 Program" and
          "E-2 Program" shall not at any time represent more than 30% of the
          Aggregate Principal Balance of the TFC Receivables;

               (v)  Unless an Opinion of Counsel, in form and substance
          satisfactory to the Controlling Note Purchaser, has been delivered to
          the Trustee and the Controlling Note Purchaser addressing (i) the form
          of Contract used by Seller in such State and (ii) the security
          interest of the Trustee in the Financed Vehicles titled in such State
          in the absence of any retitling of such Financed Vehicles, Eligible
          Receivables originated in any one State shall not in the aggregate at
          any time represent more than 10% of the aggregate Principal Balance of
          Eligible Receivables; and

               (vi) Receivables evidenced by installment promissory note and
          security agreements (i.e. direct loans) shall not at any time
          represent more than 10% of the Aggregate Principal Balance of the
          Eligible Receivables.

     "CONSENT AND AGREEMENT" means that Amended and Restated Consent and
Agreement dated as of February 14, 2007, made by the Issuer, as such agreement
may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof.

     "CONSOLIDATED TOTAL ADJUSTED EQUITY" of any Person means, with respect to
any fiscal quarter, the total shareholders' equity of such Person and its
consolidated Subsidiaries that, in accordance with GAAP, is reflected on the
consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its consolidated Subsidiaries for
such fiscal quarter, MINUS the aggregate amount of such Person's and its
consolidated Subsidiaries intangible assets, including without limitation,
goodwill, franchises, licenses, patents, trademarks, tradenames, copyrights and
service marks.

     "CONSUMER LAWS" means federal and State usury laws, the Federal
Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit
Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Federal Trade
Commission Act, the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, the Federal Reserve Board's
Regulations B and Z, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the California
Military Reservist Relief Act, the Texas Consumer Credit Code, the California
Automobile Sales Finance Act, State adaptations of the National Consumer Act and
of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code and all other federal, State and local
consumer credit laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure laws and
regulations thereunder.

     "CONSUMER LENDER" means a Person that is licensed under applicable law to
originate loans to natural persons resident in one or more of the United States
of America and authorized by CPS to participate in its direct lending program,
and includes the Seller.

     "CONTRACT" means a motor vehicle retail installment sale contract or, in
the case of a Contract originated by a Consumer Lender, an installment
promissory note and security agreement, in each case relating to the sale or
refinancing of new or used automobiles, light duty trucks, vans or minivans, and
any other documents related thereto from time to time.

<PAGE>

     "CONTRACT PURCHASE GUIDELINES" means (a) with respect to the CPS
Receivables, CPS' established "Contract Purchase Guidelines" and (b) with
respect to the TFC Receivables, TFC's established "Contract Purchase
Guidelines", in each case as the same may be amended from time to time in
accordance with Section 8.2(c) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "CONTROLLING NOTE PURCHASER" means solely the Class A Note Purchaser until
the Class A Notes and all other amounts then due and owing to the Class A Note
Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders under the Basic Documents have been paid
in full and the Class A Commitment has terminated, and thereafter, the Class B
Note Purchasers, acting together.

     "CORPORATE TRUST OFFICE" means with respect to the Trustee, the principal
office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust
business shall be administered which office is located at Sixth Street and
Marquette Avenue, MAC N9311-161, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479, or at such other
address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Note
Purchasers, the Servicer, the Issuer, or the principal corporate trust office of
any successor Trustee (the address of which the successor Trustee will notify
the Note Purchaser).

     "CPS" means Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., a California corporation.

     "CPS BORROWING BASE" means, as of any date of determination and with
respect to the CPS Receivables, an amount equal to the least of (A) the excess
of (I) 96% of the Market Value over (II) the Net Class B Invested Amount, (B)
the excess of (I) the product of (a) the Net Eligible Receivables Balance and
(b) the Maximum Advance Rate over (II) the Net Class B Invested Amount, (C) 87%
of the Market Value, and (D) the product of (a) the applicable Class A Advance
Rate and (b) the Net Eligible Receivables Balance.

     "CPS RECEIVABLES" means Eligible Receivables that were acquired from
Dealers or Consumer Lenders by the Seller.

     "CRAM DOWN LOSS" means, with respect to a Receivable, if a court of
appropriate jurisdiction in an insolvency proceeding shall have issued an order
reducing the amount owed on a Receivable or otherwise modifying or restructuring
Scheduled Receivable Payments to be made on a Receivable, an amount equal to
such reduction in the Principal Balance of such Receivable or the reduction in
the net present value (using as the discount rate the lower of the contract rate
or the rate of interest specified by the court in such order) of the Scheduled
Receivable Payments as so modified or restructured. A "CRAM DOWN LOSS" shall be
deemed to have occurred on the date such order is entered.

     "CUTOFF DATE" means, with respect to a Receivable or Receivables, the date
specified as such for such Receivable or Receivables in the Schedule of
Receivables attached to the Sale and Servicing Agreement or to the applicable
Assignment.

     "DEALER" means, with respect to a Receivable, the seller of the related
Financed Vehicle, who originated and assigned such Receivable to the Seller,
which Dealer shall not be an Affiliate of the Seller (including, without
limitation, MFN Financial Corporation and TFC Enterprises, Inc.).

     "DEFAULT" means any occurrence that is, or with notice or the lapse of time
or both would become, an Event of Default.

     "DEFAULT APPLICABLE MARGIN" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the
Class A Default Applicable Margin and with respect to the Class B Notes, the
Class B Default Applicable Margin.

     "DEFAULTED RECEIVABLE" means, with respect to any Receivable as of any
date, a Receivable with respect to which: (i) more than 10% of its Scheduled
Receivable Payment is more than 90 days past due as of the end of the
immediately preceding Accrual Period, (ii) the Servicer has repossessed the
related Financed Vehicle (and any applicable redemption or acceleration period
has expired) as of the end of the immediately preceding Accrual Period, or (iii)
such Receivable has been written off by the Servicer as uncollectible in
accordance with the Servicer's policies or the Servicer has determined in good
faith that payments thereunder are not likely to be resumed.

<PAGE>

     "DEFECTIVE RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable that is subject to repurchase
pursuant to SECTION 3.2 or SECTION 4.7 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "DELIVERY" means, when used with respect to Pledged Account Property:

     (i)  the perfection and priority of a security interest in such Pledged
Account Property which is governed by the law of a jurisdiction which has
adopted the 1978 Revision to Article 8 of the UCC (and not the 1994 Revision to
Article 8 of the UCC as referred to in (II) below):

          (a)  with respect to bankers' acceptances, commercial paper,
     negotiable certificates of deposit and other obligations that constitute
     "INSTRUMENTS" within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC and are
     susceptible of physical delivery, transfer thereof to the Trustee or its
     nominee or custodian by physical delivery to the Trustee or its nominee or
     custodian endorsed to, or registered in the name of, the Trustee or its
     nominee or custodian or endorsed in blank, and, with respect to a
     certificated security (as defined in Section 8-102 of the UCC), transfer
     thereof (1) by delivery of such certificated security endorsed to, or
     registered in the name of, the Trustee or its nominee or custodian or
     endorsed in blank to a financial intermediary (as defined in Section 8-313
     of the UCC) and the making by such financial intermediary of entries on its
     books and records identifying such certificated securities as belonging to
     the Trustee or its nominee or custodian and the sending by such financial
     intermediary of a confirmation of the purchase of such certificated
     security by the Trustee or its nominee or custodian, or (2) by delivery
     thereof to a "CLEARING CORPORATION" (as defined in Section 8-102(3) of the
     UCC) and the making by such clearing corporation of appropriate entries on
     its books reducing the appropriate securities account of the transferor and
     increasing the appropriate securities account of a financial intermediary
     by the amount of such certificated security, the identification by the
     clearing corporation of the certificated securities for the sole and
     exclusive account of the financial intermediary, the maintenance of such
     certificated securities by such clearing corporation or a "CUSTODIAN BANK"
     (as defined in Section 8-102(4) of the UCC) or the nominee of either
     subject to the clearing corporation's exclusive control, the sending of a
     confirmation by the financial intermediary of the purchase by the Trustee
     or its nominee or custodian of such securities and the making by such
     financial intermediary of entries on its books and records identifying such
     certificated securities as belonging to the Trustee or its nominee or
     custodian (all of the foregoing, "PHYSICAL PROPERTY"), and, in any event,
     any such Physical Property in registered form shall be in the name of the
     Trustee or its nominee or custodian; and such additional or alternative
     procedures as may hereafter become appropriate to effect the complete
     transfer of ownership of any such Pledged Account Property to the Trustee
     or its nominee or custodian, consistent with changes in applicable law or
     regulations or the interpretation thereof;

          (b)  with respect to any security issued by the U.S. Treasury, the
     Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or by the Federal National Mortgage
     Association that is a book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve
     System pursuant to Federal book-entry regulations, the following
     procedures, all in accordance with applicable law, including applicable
     Federal regulations and Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC: book-entry
     registration of such Pledged Account Property to an appropriate book-entry
     account maintained with a Federal Reserve Bank by a financial intermediary
     which is also a "DEPOSITORY" pursuant to applicable Federal regulations and
     issuance by such financial intermediary of a deposit advice or other
     written confirmation of such book-entry registration to the Trustee or its
     nominee or custodian of the purchase by the Trustee or its nominee or
     custodian of such book-entry securities; the making by such financial
     intermediary of entries in its books and records identifying such
     book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to
     Federal book-entry regulations as belonging to the Trustee or its nominee
     or custodian and indicating that such custodian holds such Pledged Account
     Property solely as agent for the Trustee or its nominee or custodian; and
     such additional or alternative procedures as may hereafter become
     appropriate to effect complete transfer of ownership of any such Pledged
     Account Property to the Trustee or its nominee or custodian, consistent
     with changes in applicable law or regulations or the interpretation
     thereof; and

<PAGE>

          (c)  with respect to any item of Pledged Account Property that is an
     uncertificated security under Article 8 of the UCC and that is not governed
     by CLAUSE (B) above, registration on the books and records of the issuer
     thereof in the name of the financial intermediary, the sending of a
     confirmation by the financial intermediary of the purchase by the Trustee
     or its nominee or custodian of such uncertificated security, the making by
     such financial intermediary of entries on its books and records identifying
     such uncertificated securities as belonging to the Trustee or its nominee
     or custodian; or

     (ii) the perfection and priority of a security interest in such Pledged
Account Property which is governed by the law of a jurisdiction which has
adopted the 1994 Revision to Article 8 of the UCC:

          (a)  with respect to bankers' acceptances, commercial paper,
     negotiable certificates of deposit and other obligations that constitute
     "INSTRUMENTS" within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC (other
     than certificated securities) and are susceptible of physical delivery,
     transfer thereof to the Trustee by physical delivery to the Trustee,
     indorsed to, or registered in the name of, the Trustee or its nominee or
     indorsed in blank and such additional or alternative procedures as may
     hereafter become appropriate to effect the complete transfer of ownership
     of any such Pledged Account Property to the Trustee free and clear of any
     adverse claims, consistent with changes in applicable law or regulations or
     the interpretation thereof;

          (b)  with respect to a "CERTIFICATED SECURITY" (as defined in Section
     8-102(a)(4) of the UCC), transfer thereof:

               (1)  by physical delivery of such certificated security to the
          Trustee, PROVIDED that if the certificated security is in registered
          form, it shall be indorsed to, or registered in the name of, the
          Trustee or indorsed in blank;

               (2)  by physical delivery of such certificated security in
          registered form to a "SECURITIES INTERMEDIARY" (as defined in Section
          8-102(a)(l4) of the UCC) acting on behalf of the Trustee if the
          certificated security has been specially indorsed to the Trustee by an
          effective indorsement.

          (c)  with respect to any security issued by the U.S. Treasury, the
     Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or by the Federal National Mortgage
     Association that is a book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve
     System pursuant to Federal book entry regulations, the following
     procedures, all in accordance with applicable law, including applicable
     federal regulations and Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC: book-entry
     registration of such property to an appropriate book-entry account
     maintained with a Federal Reserve Bank by a securities intermediary which
     is also a "DEPOSITARY" pursuant to applicable federal regulations and
     issuance by such securities intermediary of a deposit advice or other
     written confirmation of such book-entry registration to the Trustee of the
     purchase by the securities intermediary on behalf of the Trustee of such
     book-entry security; the making by such securities intermediary of entries
     in its books and records identifying such book-entry security held through
     the Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book-entry regulations as
     belonging to the Trustee and indicating that such securities intermediary
     holds such book-entry security solely as agent for the Trustee; and such
     additional or alternative procedures as may hereafter become appropriate to
     effect complete transfer of ownership of any such Pledged Account Property
     to the Trustee free of any adverse claims, consistent with changes in
     applicable law or regulations or the interpretation thereof;

          (d)  with respect to any item of Pledged Account Property that is an
     "UNCERTIFICATED SECURITY" (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(18) of the UCC)
     and that is not governed by CLAUSE (C) above, transfer thereof:

               (1)(A) by registration to the Trustee as the registered owner
          thereof, on the books and records of the issuer thereof;

<PAGE>

               (B)  by another Person (not a securities intermediary) who either
          becomes the registered owner of the uncertificated security on behalf
          of the Trustee, or having become the registered owner acknowledges
          that it holds for the Trustee;

               (2)  the issuer thereof has agreed that it will comply with
          instructions originated by the Trustee without further consent of the
          registered owner thereof;

          (e)  with respect to a "SECURITY ENTITLEMENT" (as defined in Section
     8-102(a)(17) of the UCC):

               (1)  if a securities intermediary (A) indicates by book entry
          that a "FINANCIAL ASSET" (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the
          UCC) has been credited to the Trustee's "SECURITIES ACCOUNT" (as
          defined in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC), (B) receives a financial
          asset (as so defined) from the Trustee or acquires a financial asset
          for the Trustee, and in either case, accepts it for credit to the
          Trustee's securities account (as so defined), (C) becomes obligated
          under other law, regulation or rule to credit a financial asset to the
          Trustee's securities account, or (D) has agreed that it will comply
          with "ENTITLEMENT ORDERS" (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(8) of the
          UCC) originated by the Trustee, without further consent by the
          "ENTITLEMENT HOLDER" (as defined in Section 8-l02(a)(7) of the UCC),
          of a confirmation of the purchase and the making by such securities
          intermediary of entries on its books and records identifying as
          belonging to the Trustee of (I) a specific certificated security in
          the securities intermediary's possession, (II) a quantity of
          securities that constitute or are part of a fungible bulk of
          certificated securities in the securities intermediary's possession,
          or (III) a quantity of securities that constitute or are part of a
          fungible bulk of securities shown on the account of the securities
          intermediary on the books of another securities intermediary;

          (f)  in each case of delivery contemplated pursuant to CLAUSES (A)
     through (E) of SUBSECTION (II) hereof, the Trustee shall make appropriate
     notations on its records, and shall cause the same to be made on the
     records of its nominees, indicating that such Trust Property which
     constitutes a security is held in trust pursuant to and as provided in the
     Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "DEPOSIT ACCOUNT" means that deposit account established pursuant to the
Account Control Agreement.

     "DETERMINATION DATE" means, with respect to any Settlement Date, the fourth
Business Day preceding such Settlement Date.

     "DOLLAR" means lawful money of the United States.

     "ELIGIBLE ACCOUNT" means either (i) a segregated trust account that is
maintained with a depository institution acceptable to the Controlling Note
Purchaser, or (ii) a segregated direct deposit account maintained with a
depository institution or trust company organized under the laws of the United
States of America, or any of the States thereof, or the District of Columbia,
having a certificate of deposit, short-term deposit or commercial paper rating
of at least "A-1+" by Standard & Poor's and "P-1" by Moody's and acceptable to
the Controlling Note Purchaser.

     "ELIGIBLE INVESTMENTS" mean book-entry securities, negotiable instruments
or securities represented by instruments in bearer or registered form which
evidence:

          (a)  direct obligations of, and obligations fully guaranteed as to the
     full and timely payment by, the United States of America;

<PAGE>

          (b)  demand deposits, time deposits or certificates of deposit of any
     depository institution or trust company incorporated under the laws of the
     United States of America or any State thereof (or any domestic branch of a
     foreign bank) and subject to supervision and examination by Federal or
     State banking or depository institution authorities; PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
     that at the time of the investment or contractual commitment to invest
     therein, the commercial paper or other short-term unsecured debt
     obligations (other than such obligations the rating of which is based on
     the credit of a Person other than such depository institution or trust
     company) thereof shall be rated "A-1+" or better by Standard & Poor's and
     "P-1" by Moody's;

          (c)  commercial paper that, at the time of the investment or
     contractual commitment to invest therein, is rated "A-1+" or better by
     Standard & Poor's and "P-1" by Moody's;

          (d)  bankers' acceptances issued by any depository institution or
     trust company referred to in CLAUSE (B) above;

          (e)  repurchase obligations with respect to any security that is a
     direct obligation of, or fully guaranteed as to the full and timely payment
     by, the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof
     the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the
     United States of America, in either case entered into with (i) a depository
     institution or trust company (acting as principal) described in CLAUSE (B)
     or (ii) a depository institution or trust company whose commercial paper or
     other short term unsecured debt obligations are rated "A-1+" or better by
     Standard & Poor's and "P-1" by Moody's and long term unsecured debt
     obligations are rated "AAA" by Standard & Poor's and "AAA" by Moody's;

          (f)  with the prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser,
     money market mutual funds registered under the Investment Company Act of
     1940, as amended, having a rating, at the time of such investment, from
     each of Standard & Poor's and Moody's in the highest investment category
     granted thereby; and

          (g)  any other investment as may be acceptable to the Controlling Note
     Purchaser, as evidenced by a writing to that effect, as may from time to
     time be confirmed in writing to the Trustee by the Controlling Note
     Purchaser.

     Any of the foregoing Eligible Investments may be purchased by or through
the Trustee or any of its Affiliates.

     "ELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES" means, as of any date of determination, Receivables
(a) with respect to each of which no more than 10% of its Scheduled Receivable
Payment is no more than 45 days contractually delinquent as of the end of the
immediately preceding Accrual Period, (b) that are not Liquidated Receivables,
(c) that are not Repossessed Receivables, (d) that are not Defective
Receivables; (e) that are not listed on Schedule A to the Trust Receipt (unless
subsequently cured); (f) that have the characteristics set forth in SECTION 3.1
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement; (g) that have not been in the CPS Borrowing
Base for more than 180 days or until May 15, 2007, whichever is later (in the
case of CPS Receivables), or in the TFC Borrowing Base for more than 360 days or
until May 15, 2007, whichever is later (in the case of TFC Receivables).

     "ELIGIBLE SERVICER" means a Person approved to act as "SERVICER" under the
Sale and Servicing Agreement by the Note Purchaser.

     "ENGAGEMENT LETTER" means the letter agreement dated as of April 27, 2004,
entered between CPS and UBS Securities LLC.

     "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended.

     "EVENT OF DEFAULT" has the meaning specified in SECTION 5.1 of the
Indenture.

     "EXCESS CONCENTRATION AMOUNT" means the aggregate amount by which (without
duplication) the Aggregate Principal Balance of Eligible Receivables sold to the
Purchaser under the Sale and Servicing Agreement exceeds any of the
Concentration Limits; provided, however, that in determining which Receivables
to exclude for purposes of complying with any Concentration Limit, the Purchaser
shall exclude Receivables starting with those having the most recent origination
dates.

<PAGE>

     "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

     "EXECUTIVE OFFICER" means, with respect to any corporation, the Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President,
Senior Vice President, any Vice President, the Secretary or the Treasurer of
such corporation; with respect to any limited liability company, the manager and
any individuals appointed to any of the preceding offices by the manager; and
with respect to any partnership, any general partner thereof.

     "FACILITY TERMINATION DATE" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the
Class A Facility Termination Date and with respect to the Class B Notes, the
Class B Facility Termination Date.

     "FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

     "FEE SCHEDULE" means that certain notice captioned "Schedule of Fees for
CPS - UBS Warehouse" from Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
acknowledged by the Servicer as of June 30, 2004.

     "FINANCED VEHICLE" means a new or used automobile, light truck, van or
minivan, together with all accessions thereto, securing an Obligor's
indebtedness under a Receivable.

     "FUNDING DATE" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, a Class A Funding
Date and with respect to the Class B Notes, a Class B Funding Date.

     "FUNDING TERMINATION EVENT" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, a
Class A Funding Termination Event and with respect to the Class B Notes, a Class
B Funding Termination Event.

     "FUNDING TRUST" means CPS Receivables Funding Trust, a Delaware statutory
trust.

     "FUNDING TRUST CERTIFICATE" means a certificate issued by Funding Trust
that evidences a 100% fractional undivided ownership interest in one or more
instruments or certificates, each of which evidences not less than 99.00% of the
residual interest in a securitization trust for a Securitization Transaction and
represents the right to receive amounts to be distributed or paid to the holders
of the residual interests pursuant to the related Securitization Documents.

     "GAAP" means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles occasioned by
the promulgation of rules, regulations, pronouncements or opinions by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board, the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants or the Securities and Exchange Commission (or successors thereto or
agencies with similar functions) from time to time.

     "GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY" means the United States of America, any state,
local or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising
executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory, or administrative functions
thereof pertaining thereto.

     "GRANT" means to mortgage, pledge, bargain, sell, warrant, alienate,
remise, release, convey, assign, transfer, create, grant a lien upon and a
security interest in and right of set-off against, deposit, set over and confirm
pursuant to the Indenture or the Pledge Agreement, as applicable. A Grant of the
Collateral, Pledged Subordinate Securities, UBS Cross Collateral or Pledged
Collateral, as the case may be, or of any other agreement or instrument shall
include all rights, powers and options (but none of the obligations) of the
granting party thereunder, including, as and to the extent provided in the Basic
Documents, the immediate and continuing right (after an Event of Default) to
claim for, collect, receive and give receipt for principal and interest payments
in respect of the Collateral, Pledged Subordinate Securities, UBS Cross
Collateral or Pledged Collateral, as the case may be, and all other moneys
payable thereunder, to give and receive notices and other communications, to
make waivers or other agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to bring
proceedings in the name of the granting party or otherwise and generally to do
and receive anything that the granting party is or may be entitled to do or
receive thereunder or with respect thereto.

<PAGE>

     "HIGHEST PRIORITY CLASS" means (i) the Class A Notes, for so long as they
are Outstanding and the Class A Commitment has not been terminated, and (ii) if
the Class A Notes are no longer Outstanding and all amounts owed to the Class A
Noteholders and the Class A Note Purchaser pursuant to the Basic Documents have
been paid in full and the Class A Commitment has been terminated, the Class B
Notes.

     "HOLDER" or "NOTEHOLDER" means a Class A Noteholder or a Class B
Noteholder, as the context may require.

     "INDEBTEDNESS" means, with respect to any Person at any time, any (a)
indebtedness or liability of such Person for borrowed money whether or not
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, repurchase agreements and similar
arrangements, or other instruments, or for the deferred purchase price of
property or services (including trade obligations); (b) obligations of such
Person as lessee under leases which should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded
as capital leases; (c) current liabilities of such Person in respect of unfunded
vested benefits under plans covered by Title IV of ERISA; (d) obligations issued
for or liabilities incurred on the account of such Person; (e) obligations or
liabilities of such Person arising under acceptance facilities; (f) obligations
of such Person under any guarantees, endorsements (other than for collection or
deposit in the ordinary course of business) and other contingent obligations to
purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest in any Person
or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss; (g) obligations of others
secured by any lien on property or assets of such Person, whether or not the
obligations have been assumed by such Person; or (h) obligations of such Person
under any interest rate or currency exchange agreement.

     "INDENTURE" means the Second Amended and Restated Indenture dated as of
February 14, 2007, between the Issuer and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as Trustee, as the same may be further amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

     "INDEPENDENT" means, when used with respect to any specified Person, that
the person (a) is in fact independent of the Issuer, any other obligor upon the
Notes, the Seller, the Purchaser, the Servicer and any Affiliate of any of the
foregoing persons, (b) does not have any direct financial interest or any
material indirect financial interest in the Issuer, any other obligor on the
Notes, the Seller, the Purchaser, the Servicer or any Affiliate of any of the
foregoing Persons and (c) is not connected with the Issuer, any other obligor on
the Notes, the Seller, the Purchaser, the Servicer or any Affiliate of any of
the foregoing Persons as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee,
partner, director or Person performing similar functions.

     "INELIGIBLE RECEIVABLE" means any Receivable other than an Eligible
Receivable.

     "INSOLVENCY EVENT" means, with respect to a specified Person, (a) the
institution of a proceeding or the filing of a petition against such Person
seeking the entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction
in the premises in respect of such Person or any substantial part of its
property in an involuntary case under any applicable federal or state
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, seeking
the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee,
sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of
its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Person's
affairs, and such proceeding or petition, decree or order shall remain unstayed
or undismissed for a period of 60 consecutive days or an order or decree for the
requested relief is earlier entered or issued; or (b) the commencement by such
Person of a voluntary case under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by
such Person to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any
such law, or the consent by such Person to the appointment of or taking
possession by, a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee,
sequestrator, or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of
its property, or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the
benefit of creditors, or the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts
as such debts become due, or the taking of action by such Person in furtherance
of any of the foregoing.

<PAGE>

     "INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT" means that certain Intercreditor Agreement dated
as of February 14, 2007 by and among the Class A Note Purchaser, the Class A
Noteholder, the Class B Note Purchasers, the Class B Noteholders, the Issuer,
the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer and the Trustee.

     "INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENTS" means the Intercreditor Agreement and the Bear
Intercreditor Agreement.

     "INTEREST PERIOD" means, with respect to a class of Notes and any
Settlement Date, the period from, and including, the immediately preceding
Settlement Date (or from and including the initial Funding Date for such class
of Notes, in the case of the first Settlement Date for a class of Notes) to, but
excluding, such Settlement Date.

     "INVESTED AMOUNT" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the Class A
Invested Amount and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B Invested
Amount.

     "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT" has the meaning set forth in SECTION 5.01(D) of
each Note Purchase Agreement.

     "INVESTMENT EARNINGS" means, with respect to any Settlement Date and any
Pledged Account, the investment earnings on Pledged Account Property and
deposited into such Pledged Account during the related Accrual Period pursuant
to SECTION 5.1(D) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "ISSUER" means Page Funding LLC until a successor replaces it in accordance
with the terms of the Indenture and, thereafter, means the successor and, for
purposes of any provision contained herein, each other obligor on the Notes.

     "ISSUER ORDER" and "ISSUER REQUEST" means a written order or request signed
in the name of the Issuer by any one of its Authorized Officers and delivered to
the Trustee.

     "LIBOR" means the rate for one-month deposits in U.S. dollars, which rate
is determined on a daily basis by the Controlling Note Purchaser by reference to
the British Bankers' Association LIBOR Rates on Bloomberg (or such other service
or services as may be nominated by the British Bankers' Association for the
purpose of displaying London interbank offered rates for U.S. dollar deposits)
on such date (or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the immediately
preceding Business Day) at or about 11 a.m. New York City time; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that if no rate appears on Bloomberg on any date of determination,
LIBOR shall mean the rate for one-month deposits in U.S. Dollars which appears
on the Telerate Page 3750 on any such date of determination; PROVIDED FURTHER,
that if no rate appears on either Bloomberg or such Telerate Page 3750, on any
such date of determination LIBOR shall be determined as follows:

     LIBOR will be determined at approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City time,
on such day on the basis of (a) the arithmetic mean of the rates at which
one-month deposits in U.S. dollars are offered to prime banks in the London
interbank market by four (4) major banks in the London interbank market selected
by the Controlling Note Purchaser and in a principal amount of not less than
$200,000,000 that is representative for a single transaction in such market at
such time, if at least two (2) such quotations are provided, or (b) if fewer
than two (2) quotations are provided as described in the preceding clause (a),
the arithmetic mean of the rates, as requested by the Controlling Note
Purchaser, quoted by three (3) major banks in New York City, selected by the
Controlling Note Purchaser, at approximately 11:00 A.M., New York City time, on
such day, one-month deposits in United States dollars to leading European banks
and in a principal amount of not less than $200,000,000 that is representative
for a single transaction in such market at such time.

     "LIEN" means a security interest, lien, charge, pledge, equity, or
encumbrance of any kind, other than tax liens, mechanics' liens and any liens
that attach to the respective Receivable by operation of law as a result of an
Obligor's failure to pay an obligation.

<PAGE>

     "LIEN CERTIFICATE" means, with respect to a Financed Vehicle, an original
certificate of title, certificate of lien or other notification issued by the
Registrar of Titles of the applicable state to a secured party which indicates
that the lien of the secured party on the Financed Vehicle is recorded on the
original certificate of title. In any jurisdiction in which the original
certificate of title is required to be given to the obligor, the term "LIEN
CERTIFICATE" shall mean only a certificate or notification issued to a secured
party.

     "LIQUIDATED RECEIVABLE" means any Receivable (i) which has been liquidated
by the Servicer through the sale of the Financed Vehicle or (ii) for which the
related Financed Vehicle has been repossessed and 90 days have elapsed since the
date of such repossession or (iii) as to which an Obligor has failed to make
more than 90% of a Scheduled Receivable Payment of more than ten dollars for 120
(or, if the related Financed Vehicle has been repossessed, 210) or more days as
of the end of a Accrual Period or (iv) with respect to which proceeds have been
received which, in the Servicer's judgment, constitute the final amounts
recoverable in respect of such Receivable. For purposes of this definition, a
Receivable shall be deemed a "Liquidated Receivable" upon the first to occur of
the events specified in items (i) through (iv) of the previous sentence.

     "LLC AGREEMENT" means the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
Agreement of Page Funding, LLC dated as of June 30, 2004, entered into by CPS,
as amended by the First Amendment thereto thereto dated as of April 18, 2006,
and the Second Amendment thereto dated as of February 14, 2007, and as such
agreement may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

     "LOCKBOX ACCOUNTS" means the accounts maintained on behalf of the Trustee
for the further benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers by the
Lockbox Bank pursuant to SECTION 4.2(B) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "LOCKBOX AGREEMENT" means (a) in the case of CPS Receivables, the Amended
and Restated Multiparty Agreement Relating to Lockbox Services and Blocked
Account - Page Funding LLC - [CPS Receivables], dated as of February 14, 2007,
by and among the Lockbox Processor, the Purchaser, the Servicer and the Trustee,
and (b) in the case of TFC Receivables, the Multiparty Agreement Relating to
Lockbox Services and Blocked Account - Page Funding LLC - [TFC Receivables],
dated as of February 14, 2007, by and among the Lockbox Processor, the
Purchaser, the Servicer and the Trustee, in each case as such agreements may be
further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof, unless the Trustee shall cease to be a party
thereunder, or such agreement shall be terminated in accordance with its terms,
in which event "LOCKBOX AGREEMENTS" shall mean such other agreement(s), in form
and substance acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser, among the Servicer,
the Purchaser, and the Lockbox Processor and any other appropriate parties.

     "LOCKBOX BANK" means as of any date a depository institution named by the
Servicer and acceptable to the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class of Notes and the Controlling Note Purchaser at which the Lockbox Account
is established and maintained as of such date.

     "LOCKBOX PROCESSOR" means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (as
successor to Regulus West, LLC) and its successors and assigns.

     "MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS" means, in the case of the Class A Notes, the Class A
Majority Noteholders and in the case of the Class B Notes, the Class B Majority
Noteholders.

     "MARGIN CALL" means, in the case of the Class A Notes, a Class A Margin
Call and in the case of the Class B Notes, a Class B Margin Call.

     "MARKET VALUE" means, on any Business Day, the value of the Receivables as
determined by the periodic market value report as calculated by the Controlling
Note Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion.

     "MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE" means (a) in respect of any Person, a material
adverse change in (i) the business, financial condition, results of operations,
prospects or properties of such Person, or (ii) the ability of such Person to
perform its obligations under any of the Basic Documents to which it is a party,
in each case in a manner that materially and adversely affects any Noteholder,
any Note Purchaser or the value, collectibility or marketability of any class of

<PAGE>

Notes, (b) in respect of any Receivable, a material adverse change in (i) the
value or marketability of such Receivable, or (ii) the probability that amounts
now or hereafter due in respect of such Receivable will be collected on a timely
basis, in each case in a manner that materially and adversely affects the
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, the Controlling Note Purchaser or the
value, collectibility or marketability of the Highest Priority Class of Notes,
or the ability of the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note
Purchasers to realize the benefits of the security afforded under the Basic
Documents.

     "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means an effect on (a) the value or marketability
of the Receivables or any of the other Collateral (including, without
limitation, the enforceability or collectibility of the Receivables); (b) the
business, operations, properties, condition (financial or otherwise) or
prospects of the Seller, the Servicer, the Purchaser or the Issuer, in each
case, individually or taken as a whole; (c) the validity or enforceability of
this or any of the other Basic Documents or the rights or remedies of the
Trustee, any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder hereunder or thereunder or the
validity, perfection or priority of any Lien in favor of any Note Purchaser, any
Noteholder or the Trustee for the benefit of any Note Purchaser and any
Noteholder granted thereunder; (d) the timely payment of the principal of or
interest on any Advances or other amounts payable under the Basic Documents; or
(e) the ability of the Seller, the Servicer, the Purchaser or the Issuer to
perform its obligations under any Basic Document to which it is a party, in each
case that materially and adversely affects any Noteholder, any Note Purchaser or
the value, collectability or marketability of any class of Notes.

     "MAXIMUM ADVANCE RATE" means 93%.

     "MAXIMUM INVESTED AMOUNT" means, in the case of the Class A Notes, the
Class A Maximum Invested Amount and in the case of the Class B Notes, the Class
B Maximum Invested Amount.

     "MFN" means MFN Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

     "MOODY'S" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc., or its successor.

     "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" means a Plan which is a multiemployer plan as defined
in Sectoin 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.

     "NET CLASS B INVESTED AMOUNT" means, as of any date of determination, the
excess of (x) the Class B Invested Amount, over (y) 50% of the market value of
any Pledged Subordinate Securities as provided by the Servicer to the Class B
Note Purchasers pursuant to Section 3.05(a) of the Class B Note Purchase
Agreement.

     "NET ELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES BALANCE" means, as of any date of determination,
the excess of (a) the aggregate Principal Balance of all Eligible Receivables as
of such date of determination (after giving effect to any Available Funds
allocable to principal payments made by the related Obligors) over (b) the
Excess Concentration Amount for the Eligible Receivables.

     "NET LIQUIDATION PROCEEDS" means, with respect to a Liquidated Receivable,
all amounts realized with respect to such Receivable net of (i) reasonable
expenses incurred by the Servicer in connection with the collection of such
Receivable and the repossession and disposition of the Financed Vehicle and the
reasonable cost of legal counsel with the enforcement of a Liquidated Receivable
and (ii) amounts that are required to be refunded to the Obligor on such
Receivable; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Net Liquidation Proceeds with respect to
any Receivable shall in no event be less than zero.

     "NOTES" means the Class A Notes and/or the Class B Notes, as the context
may require.

     "NOTE DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT" means the account designated as such,
established and maintained pursuant to SECTION 5.1(B) of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

     "NOTE INTEREST RATE" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the Class A
Note Interest Rate, and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B Note
Interest Rate.

<PAGE>

     "NOTE PAYING AGENT" means the Trustee or any other Person that meets the
eligibility standards for the Trustee specified in SECTION 6.11 of the Indenture
and is authorized by the Issuer to make the payments to and distributions from
the Collection Account and the Note Distribution Account, including payment of
principal of or interest on each class of Notes on behalf of the Issuer.

     "NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT" means the Class A Note Purchase Agreement, in the
case of the Class A Notes, or the Class B Note Purchase Agreement, in the case
of the Class B Notes.

     "NOTE PURCHASER" means the Class A Note Purchaser, in the case of the Class
A Notes, or a Class B Note Purchaser, in the case of the Class B Notes.

     "NOTE REGISTER" and "NOTE REGISTRAR" have the respective meanings specified
in Section 2.4 of the Indenture.

     "OBLIGOR" on a Receivable means the purchaser or co-purchasers of the
Financed Vehicle and any other Person who owes payments under the Receivable.

     "OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE" means a certificate signed by the chairman of the
board, the president, any vice chairman of the board, any vice president, the
treasurer, the controller or assistant treasurer or any assistant controller,
secretary or assistant secretary of the Seller, the Purchaser or the Servicer,
as appropriate.

     "OPINION COLLATERAL" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6(a) of the
Indenture.

     "OPINION OF COUNSEL" means a written opinion of counsel who may be but need
not be counsel to the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer, which counsel shall
be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee and the applicable Note Purchaser and
which opinion shall be acceptable in form and substance to the Trustee and to
the applicable Note Purchaser.

     "ORIGINAL BASIC DOCUMENTS" has the meaning assigned to such term in Annex A
to the Second Amended and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of
April 18, 2006, among Page Funding LLC, as Purchaser and Issuer, CPS, as Seller
and Servicer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the Backup Servicer
and the Trustee.

     "ORIGINAL INDENTURE" has the meaning assigned to such term in Annex A to
the Second Amended and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of April
18, 2006, among Page Funding LLC, as Purchaser and Issuer, CPS, as Seller and
Servicer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the Backup Servicer and
the Trustee.

     "ORIGINAL NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT" has the meaning assigned to such term in
Annex A to the Second Amended and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as
of April 18, 2006, among Page Funding LLC, as Purchaser and Issuer, CPS, as
Seller and Servicer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the Backup
Servicer and the Trustee.

     "ORIGINAL SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT" means the Sale and Servicing
Agreement dated as of June 30, 2004, as amended and restated by the Amended and
Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of June 29, 2005, as amended by
Amendment No. 1 thereto dated as of August 31, 2005 and Amendment No. 2 thereto,
dated as of February 28, 2006, and as further amended and restated by the Second
Amended and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of April 18, 2006, in
each case by and among Page Funding LLC, as Purchaser, CPS, as Seller and
Servicer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the Backup Servicer and
the Trustee.

     "OTHER CONVEYED PROPERTY" means all property conveyed by the Seller to the
Purchaser pursuant to SECTIONS 2.1 (A)(II) through (XII) of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement and Section 2 of each Assignment.

<PAGE>

     "OUTSTANDING" means, as of the date of determination, the Notes theretofore
authenticated and delivered under the Indenture except:

          (i)  Notes theretofore canceled by the Note Registrar or delivered to
     the Note Registrar for cancellation;

          (ii) Notes the payment for which money in the necessary amount has
     been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or any Note Paying Agent in
     trust for the Holders of such Notes (provided, however, that if such Notes
     are to be prepaid, notice of such prepayment has been duly given pursuant
     to the Indenture, satisfactory to the Trustee); and

          (iii) Notes in exchange for or in lieu of one or more other Notes
     which have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the Indenture
     unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that any such Note is
     held by a bona fide purchaser.

     "PERCENTAGE INTEREST" means, with respect to any Class A Note or Class B
Note, the percentage interest as specified on the face of such Note, which when
multiplied by the applicable Invested Amount outstanding on any date of
determination shall equal the principal amount outstanding on such Note as of
such date.

     "PERSON" means any individual, corporation, estate, partnership, limited
liability company, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust
(including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated organization or government
or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

     "PHYSICAL PROPERTY" has the meaning given to such term in the definition of
"Delivery" above.

     "PLAN" means any Person that is (i) an "employee benefit plan" (as defined
in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to the provisions of Title I of ERISA,
(ii) a "plan" (as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code) that is subject to
Section 4975 of the Code or (ii) any entity whose underlying assets include
assets of a plan described in (i) or (ii) above by reason of such plan's
investment in the entity.

     "PLEDGE AGREEMENT" means the Amended and Restated Pledge and Security
Agreement dated as of February 14, 2007 by and among CPS, the Class A Note
Purchaser and each Class B Note Purchaser, as such agreement may be further
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with
the terms thereof.

     "PLEDGED ACCOUNT PROPERTY" means the Pledged Accounts, all amounts and
investments held from time to time in any Pledged Account (whether in the form
of deposit accounts, Physical Property, book-entry securities, uncertificated
securities or otherwise), and all proceeds of the foregoing.

     "PLEDGED ACCOUNTS" has the meaning assigned thereto in SECTION 5.1(D) of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "PLEDGED COLLATERAL" has the meaning assigned thereto in the Pledge
Agreement.

     "PLEDGED SUBORDINATE SECURITY" means any subordinate classes of
asset-backed securities (including, without limitation, residual interest
securities) issued pursuant to a Securitization Transaction that are not sold on
the related Securitization Closing Date and which are paid to the Issuer as part
of the consideration for the sale of the related Receivables in such
Securitization Transaction, and that are delivered by the Issuer, as the owner
thereof, to the Trustee pursuant to Section 3.3 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and pledged by the Issuer to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class
B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders pursuant to Granting Clause II of
the Indenture.

     "POST-OFFICE BOX" means the separate post-office box established and
maintained by the Servicer in the name of the Purchaser for the benefit of the
Trustee for the further benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers,
established and maintained pursuant to SECTION 4.2 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

<PAGE>

     "PRE-FUNDING PROCEEDS" has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 10.1 of
the Indenture.

     "PRIME RATE" for any date of determination means the highest rate of
interest (or if a range is given, the highest prime rate) published in THE WALL
STREET JOURNAL on such date as constituting the "prime rate" or "base rate" in
such publication's table of Money Rates or, if THE WALL STREET JOURNAL is not
published on such date, then in THE WALL STREET JOURNAL most recently published.

     "PRINCIPAL BALANCE" of a Receivable, as of the close of business on the
last day of an Accrual Period, means the Amount Financed minus the sum of the
following amounts without duplication: (i) in the case of a Rule of 78's
Receivable, that portion of all Scheduled Receivable Payments actually received
on or prior to such day allocable to principal using the actuarial or constant
yield method; (ii) in the case of a Simple Interest Receivable, that portion of
all Scheduled Receivable Payments actually received on or prior to such day
allocable to principal using the Simple Interest Method; (iii) any payment of
the Purchase Amount with respect to the Receivable allocable to principal; (iv)
any Cram Down Loss in respect of such Receivable; and (v) any prepayment in full
or any partial prepayment applied to reduce the principal balance of the
Receivable.

     "PRINCIPAL FUNDING ACCOUNT" has the meaning specified in SECTION 5.1(C) of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "PROCEEDING" means any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or
administrative proceeding.

     "PROGRAM" has the meaning specified in SECTION 4.11 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

     "PURCHASE AMOUNT" means, on any date with respect to a Defective
Receivable, the sum of (a) the Principal Balance of such Receivable as of the
date of purchase and (b) all accrued and unpaid interest on the Receivable as of
such date (which in the case of a Rule 78's Receivable shall include, without
limitation, a full month's interest in the month of purchase at the related
APR), after giving effect to the receipt of any moneys collected (from whatever
source) on such Receivable, if any, as of such date.

     "PURCHASE PRICE" means, with respect to each Receivable and related Other
Conveyed Property transferred to the Purchaser on the Closing Date or on any
Funding Date, an amount equal to the Principal Balance of such Receivable as of
the Closing Date or such Funding Date, as applicable.

     "PURCHASED RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable purchased as of the close of
business on the last day of an Accrual Period by the Servicer pursuant to
SECTION 4.7 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or repurchased by the Seller
pursuant to SECTION 3.2 or Section 3.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "PURCHASER" means Page Funding LLC.

     "PURCHASER PROPERTY" means the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property,
together with certain monies received after the related Cutoff Date, the
Receivables Insurance Policies, the Collection Account (including all Eligible
Investments therein and all proceeds therefrom), each Lockbox Account and
certain other rights under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "RATING AGENCY" means each of Moody's and Standard & Poor's, and any
successors thereof. If no such organization or successor maintains a rating on a
class of Notes, "Rating Agency" shall be a nationally recognized statistical
rating organization or other comparable Person designated by the Controlling
Noteholder, notice of which designation shall be given to the Trustee and the
Servicer.

     "REALIZED LOSSES" means, with respect to any Receivable that becomes a
Liquidated Receivable, the excess of the Principal Balance of such Liquidated
Receivable over Net Liquidation Proceeds allocable to principal thereof.

     "RECEIVABLE" means each Contract listed on the Schedule of Receivables and
all rights and obligations thereunder, except for Receivables that have become
Purchased Receivables and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include all Related
Receivables (other than Related Receivables that have become Purchased
Receivables).

<PAGE>

     "RECEIVABLE FILES" means the documents specified in SECTION 3.3(A) of the
Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "RECEIVABLES INSURANCE POLICY" means, with respect to a Receivable, any
insurance policy (including the insurance policies described in SECTION 4.4 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement) benefiting the holder of the Receivable
providing loss or physical damage, credit life, credit accident, health, credit
disability, theft, mechanical breakdown or similar coverage with respect to the
Financed Vehicle or the Obligor, including without limitation any GAP, vendor's
single interest or other collateral protection insurance policy or coverage.

     "RECORD DATE" means, with respect to a Settlement Date, the close of
business on the day immediately preceding such Settlement Date.

     "REGISTRAR OF TITLES" means, with respect to any state, the governmental
agency or body responsible for the registration of, and the issuance of
certificates of title relating to, motor vehicles and liens thereon.

     "RELATED RECEIVABLES" means, with respect to a Funding Date, the
Receivables listed on SCHEDULE A to the applicable Assignment executed and
delivered by the Seller with respect to such Funding Date.

     "RELEASE REQUEST" has the meaning specified in SECTION 3.5 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

     "REPOSSESSED RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable with respect to which the
earliest of the following shall have occurred: (i) the date the Financed Vehicle
is actually repossessed and (ii) 30 days after the date the Financed Vehicle is
authorized for repossession.

     "REQUIREMENT OF LAW" means as to any Person, the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws or other organizational or governing documents of such
Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an
arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable
to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or
property is subject.

     "RESPONSIBLE OFFICER" means, in the case of the Trustee, the chairman or
vice-chairman of the board of directors, the chairman or vice-chairman of the
executive committee of the board of directors, the president, vice-president,
assistant vice-president or managing director, the secretary, and assistant
secretary or any other officer of the Trustee customarily performing functions
similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers and also
means, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to
whom such matter is referred because of such officer's knowledge of and
familiarity with the particular subject.

     "RULE 144A INFORMATION" has the meaning set forth in SECTION 3.26 of the
Indenture.

     "RULE OF 78'S RECEIVABLE" means any Receivable under which the portion of a
payment allocable to earned interest (which may be referred to in the related
retail installment sale contract as an add-on finance charge) and the portion
allocable to the Amount Financed is determined according to the method commonly
referred to as the "RULE OF 78'S" method or the "SUM OF THE MONTHS' DIGITS"
method or any equivalent method.

     "SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT" means the Third Amended and Restated Sale
and Servicing Agreement dated as of February 14, 2007, among Page Funding LLC,
as Purchaser and Issuer, CPS, as Seller and Servicer, and Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as the same may be
further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof.

     "SCHEDULED MATURITY DATE" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the
Class A Scheduled Maturity Date and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class
B Scheduled Maturity Date.

<PAGE>

     "SCHEDULED RECEIVABLE PAYMENT" means, with respect to any Accrual Period
for any Receivable, the amount set forth in such Receivable as required to be
paid by the Obligor in such Accrual Period. If after the Class A Closing Date,
the Obligor's obligation under a Receivable with respect to an Accrual Period
has been modified so as to differ from the amount specified in such Receivable
(i) as a result of the order of a court in an insolvency proceeding involving
the Obligor, (ii) pursuant to the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, or (iii) as a
result of modifications or extensions of the Receivable permitted by Section 4.2
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Scheduled Receivable Payment with
respect to such Accrual Period shall refer to the Obligor's payment obligation
with respect to such Accrual Period as so modified.

     "SCHEDULE OF RECEIVABLES" means the schedule of all Receivables purchased
by the Purchaser pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement and each
Assignment, which is attached as Schedule A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement,
as amended or supplemented from time to time upon each Assignment of Receivables
or in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "SEAWEST" means SeaWest Financial Corporation, a California corporation.

     "SECTION 341 MEETING" means a meeting held pursuant to Section 341(a) of
the United States Bankruptcy Code (as the same may be amended from time to time)
in which an Obligor subject to a Insolvency Event under Chapter 7 of the United
States Bankruptcy Code has presented his/her plan to the bankruptcy court and
all of his/her creditors.

     "SECTION 341 RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable, the Obligor of which has
completed a Section 341 Meeting as of the applicable Cutoff Date.

     "SECURED OBLIGATIONS" means all amounts and obligations which the Issuer or
the Purchaser may at any time owe under the Basic Documents to, or on behalf of
the Noteholders, the Note Purchasers and/or the Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchasers (or any of them), in each case whether now
owed or hereafter arising.

     "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

     "SECURITIZATION CLOSING DATE" shall mean the closing date for a
Securitization Transaction.

     "SECURITIZATION DOCUMENTS" shall mean, collectively, all agreements,
documents, instruments and certificates executed and delivered in connection
with any Securitization Transaction.

     "SECURITIZATION TRANSACTION" means a securitization of Receivables.

     "SELLER" means Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., and its successors in
interest to the extent permitted hereunder.

     "SERVICER" means, initially, Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., as the
servicer of the Receivables, and each successor Servicer pursuant to SECTION
10.3 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "SERVICER DELINQUENCY RATIO" means, as of the end of any Accrual Period, a
percentage equal to (i) the aggregate outstanding principal balance as of the
end of any Accrual Period of all automobile receivables serviced by the Servicer
or any Affiliate thereof (excluding automobile receivables acquired by CPS or
its Affiliates in merger or acquisition transactions and TFC Managed
Receivables) as to which more than 10% of the scheduled receivable payment is
more than 30 days contractually delinquent as of the end of the immediately
preceding Accrual Period, including all receivables for which the related
financed vehicle has been repossessed and the proceeds thereof have not yet been
realized by the Servicer divided by (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal
balance of all automobile receivables serviced by the Servicer or any Affiliate
thereof as of the end of the relevant Accrual Period (excluding automobile
receivables acquired by CPS or its Affiliates in merger or acquisition
transactions and TFC Managed Receivables).

<PAGE>

     "SERVICER EXTENSION NOTICE" has the meaning specified in SECTION 4.15 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "SERVICER LOSS RATIO" means, as of any date, the average of the loss ratios
(expressed as a percentage) for the three Accrual Periods immediately preceding
such date, as computed based on the methodology set forth in the Servicer's then
most recent report on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, as applicable, for calculation of
net losses on automobile receivables originated and serviced by the Servicer
(excluding all automobile receivables originated or acquired by CPS or its
Affiliates in merger or acquisition transactions).

     "SERVICER TERMINATION EVENT" means an event specified in SECTION 10.1 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "SERVICER TERMINATION SIDE LETTER" means the Amended and Restated Servicer
Termination Side Letter dated February 14, 2007, from the Controlling Note
Purchaser to the Servicer, as the same may be further amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

     "SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE" means a certificate completed and executed by a
Servicing Officer and delivered pursuant to SECTION 4.9 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT A to the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

     "SERVICING ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT" means the Second Amended and Restated
Servicing Assumption Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2007, among CPS, as
Seller and Servicer, the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as the same may be
further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof.

     "SERVICING FEE" has the meaning specified in SECTION 4.8 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

     "SERVICING FEE PERCENTAGE" means (a) with respect to the CPS Receivables,
2.50%, and (b) with respect to the TFC Receivables, 3.50%, provided that if
Backup Servicer is the Servicer, the Servicing Fee Percentage shall be
determined in accordance with Servicing Assumption Agreement.

     SERVICING GUIDELINES" means CPS's established servicing guidelines, as the
same may be amended from time to time in accordance with Section 9.1(k) of the
Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "SERVICING OFFICER" means any Person whose name appears on a list of
Servicing Officers delivered to the Trustee and the Note Purchasers, as the same
may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.

     "SETTLEMENT DATE" means, with respect to each Accrual Period, the 15th day
of the following calendar month, or if such day is not a Business Day, the
immediately following Business Day.

     "SIMPLE INTEREST METHOD" means the method of allocating a fixed level
payment between principal and interest, pursuant to which the portion of such
payment that is allocated to interest is equal to the product of the APR
multiplied by the unpaid balance multiplied by the period of time (expressed as
a fraction of a year, based on the actual number of days in the calendar month
and the actual number of days in the calendar year) elapsed since the preceding
payment of interest was made and the remainder of such payment is allocable to
principal.

     "SIMPLE INTEREST RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable under which the portion of
the payment allocable to interest and the portion allocable to principal is
determined in accordance with the Simple Interest Method.

     "STANDARD & POOR'S" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of
The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., or its successor.

<PAGE>

     "STATE" means any one of the 50 states of the United States of America or
the District of Columbia.

     "SUBSIDIARY" means, with respect to any Person, any corporation,
partnership, association or other business entity of which a majority of the
outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests having ordinary
voting power for the election of directors or their equivalent is at the time
owned by such Person directly or through one or more Subsidiaries.

     "TAXES" has the meaning set forth in SECTION 3.04 of each Note Purchase
Agreement.

     "TERM" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the Class A Term and with
respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B Term.

     "TERMINATION DATE" means the date on which the Trustee shall have received
payment and performance of all Secured Obligations and disbursed such payments
in accordance with the Basic Documents and any and all other amounts due and
payable to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant to the Basic
Documents have been paid in full.

     "TEXAS FRANCHISE TAX" means any tax imposed by the State of Texas pursuant
to Tex. Tax Code Ann. ss. 171.001 (Vernon 2005), as amended by Tex. H.B. 3, 79th
Leg., 3d C.S. (2006).

     "TFC" means The Finance Company, Inc., a Virginia corporation.

     "TFC ASSIGNMENT" means an assignment in substantially the form attached as
EXHIBIT E to the Sale and Servicing Agreement pursuant to which TFC transfers
and conveys TFC Receivables to CPS from time to time.

     "TFC BORROWING BASE" means, as of any date of determination and with
respect to the TFC Receivables, an amount equal to the lesser of (I) the product
of (a) the applicable Class A Advance Rate and (b) the excess of (i) the
Aggregate Principal Balance of the TFC Receivables over (ii) the Excess
Concentration Amount for the TFC Receivables, and (II) 80% of the Market Value
of the TFC Receivables; provided that on or after the occurrence of a TFC
Funding Termination Event, the TFC Borrowing Base shall equal zero.

     "TFC DELINQUENCY RATIO" means, at any time of determination for the TFC
Managed Receivables, a percentage, equal to the aggregate Principal Balance of
the TFC Managed Receivables constituting TFC Delinquent Receivables as of such
date of determination divided by the aggregate Principal Balance of all TFC
Managed Receivables as of such date of determination.

     "TFC DELINQUENT RECEIVABLE" means any TFC Managed Receivable (other than a
Defaulted Receivable) with respect to which more than 10% of a Scheduled
Receivable Payment is more than 30 days contractually delinquent as of the end
of the immediately preceding Accrual Period.

     "TFC FUNDING TERMINATION EVENT" shall mean the occurrence and continuance
of any one or more of the following events: (a) the three-month rolling average
TFC Delinquency Ratio for all TFC Managed Receivables exceeds 11.25%; (b) the
TFC Three-Month Rolling Average Net Loss Test is breached; or (c) TFC shall no
longer be an Affiliate of CPS.

     "TFC MANAGED RECEIVABLES" means a Receivable subserviced by TFC, whether a
TFC Receivable, a Receivable owned by TFC or otherwise.

     "TFC RECEIVABLES" means Eligible Receivables acquired from Dealers by (i)
TFC, or (ii) CPS under its "Military Program".

     "TFC THREE-MONTH ROLLING AVERAGE NET LOSS TEST" means that for each month
specified in the following table, the TFC Three-Month Rolling Average Net Loss
Rate, determined as of the last day of such month, does not exceed the "Maximum
TFC Three-Month Rolling Average Net Loss Rate" specified by the following table:

<PAGE>

          --------------------------- -----------------------------------
                     MONTH              MAXIMUM TFC THREE-MONTH ROLLING
                                             AVERAGE NET LOSS RATE
          --------------------------- -----------------------------------
                    January                         24.00%
          --------------------------- -----------------------------------
                    February                        22.00%
          --------------------------- -----------------------------------
                     March                          20.00%
          --------------------------- -----------------------------------
                     April                          18.00%
          --------------------------- -----------------------------------
                      May                           18.00%
          --------------------------- -----------------------------------
                      June                          18.00%
          --------------------------- -----------------------------------
                      July                          18.00%
          --------------------------- -----------------------------------
                     August                         18.00%
          --------------------------- -----------------------------------
                   September                        18.00%
          --------------------------- -----------------------------------
                    October                         18.00%
          --------------------------- -----------------------------------
                    November                        20.00%
          --------------------------- -----------------------------------
                    December                        22.00%
          --------------------------- -----------------------------------

Conversely if such Maximum Three-Month Rolling Average Net Loss Rate is equaled
or exceeded, the TFC Three-Month Rolling Average Net Loss Test shall be
breached.

     "TFC THREE-MONTH ROLLING AVERAGE NET LOSS RATE" means, as of any date of
determination, (x) the sum of the fractions, expressed as a PERCENTAGE
(annualized) for each of the three most recently ended Accrual Periods, the
numerator of which is the amount of gross charge-offs of TFC Managed Receivables
(less liquidation proceeds and recoveries) and the denominator of which is the
average outstanding aggregate principal amount of the TFC Managed Receivables
during such Accrual Period divided by (y) three.

     "TRUST ESTATE" means all money, instruments, rights and other property that
are subject or intended to be subject to the lien and security interest of the
Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, including
all Collateral Granted to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the
Note Purchasers pursuant to Granting Clause I of the Indenture, all Pledged
Subordinate Securities Granted to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B
Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers pursuant to Granting Clause II of
the Indenture, and all Bear Cross Collateral Granted to the Trustee for the
benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers pursuant to
Granting Clause III of the Bear Indenture.

     "TRUST RECEIPT" means a trust receipt in substantially the form of EXHIBIT
B to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

     "TRUSTEE" means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a national banking
association, not in its individual capacity but as trustee under the Indenture,
or any successor trustee under the Indenture.

     "TRUSTEE FEE" means (A) the fee payable to the Trustee on each Settlement
Date in an amount equal to the greater of $2,000 and (b) one-twelfth of 0.04% of
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes on the first day of the
related Accrual Period, and (B) any other amounts payable to the Trustee
pursuant to the Fee Schedule, including Custodial Fees.

     "UBS CROSS COLLATERAL" has the meaning specified in Granting Clause III of
the Indenture.

     "UBS WAREHOUSE FACILITY" means the transactions contemplated by the Basic
Documents.

     "UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the relevant
jurisdiction, as amended from time to time.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cps_10kex10-6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED INDENTURE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6


                                  $200,000,000

                         Variable Funding Note, Class A


                                   $25,000,000


                         Variable Funding Note, Class B

                        ---------------------------------

                      SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED INDENTURE

                          Dated as of February 14, 2007



                       -----------------------------------

                                PAGE FUNDING LLC,
                                     Issuer

                                       and

                     WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
                                     Trustee


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>     <C>
                                                    TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                           PAGE NO.

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE..............................................................4

   SECTION 1.1          Definitions...............................................................................4
   SECTION 1.2          [Reserved]................................................................................4
   SECTION 1.3          Other Definitional Provisions.............................................................4

ARTICLE II THE NOTES..............................................................................................5

   SECTION 2.1          Form......................................................................................5
   SECTION 2.2          Execution, Authentication and Delivery....................................................5
   SECTION 2.3          [Reserved]................................................................................6
   SECTION 2.4          Registration; Registration of Transfer and Exchange.......................................6
   SECTION 2.5          Restrictions on Transfer and Exchange.....................................................7
   SECTION 2.6          Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Note.................................................9
   SECTION 2.7          Persons Deemed Owner.....................................................................10
   SECTION 2.8          Payment of Principal and Interest; Defaulted Interest....................................10
   SECTION 2.9          Cancellation.............................................................................11
   SECTION 2.10         Release of Trust Estate..................................................................11
   SECTION 2.11         Amount Limited; Advances.................................................................11

ARTICLE III COVENANTS............................................................................................12

   SECTION 3.1          Payment of Principal and Interest........................................................12
   SECTION 3.2          Maintenance of Office or Agency..........................................................13
   SECTION 3.3          Money for Payments to be Held in Trust...................................................13
   SECTION 3.4          Existence................................................................................14
   SECTION 3.5          Protection of Trust Estate...............................................................14
   SECTION 3.6          Opinions as to Trust Estate..............................................................15
   SECTION 3.7          Performance of Obligations; Servicing of Receivables.....................................16
   SECTION 3.8          Negative Covenants.......................................................................17
   SECTION 3.9          Annual Statement as to Compliance........................................................18
   SECTION 3.10         Issuer May Consolidate, Etc. Only with Consent...........................................18
   SECTION 3.11         Successor or Transferee..................................................................18
   SECTION 3.12         No Other Business........................................................................18
   SECTION 3.13         No Borrowing.............................................................................19
   SECTION 3.14         Servicer's Obligations...................................................................19
   SECTION 3.15         Guarantees, Loans, Advances and Other Liabilities........................................19
   SECTION 3.16         Capital Expenditures.....................................................................19
   SECTION 3.17         Compliance with Laws.....................................................................19
   SECTION 3.18         Restricted Payments......................................................................19
   SECTION 3.19         Notice of Events of Default and Funding Termination Events...............................19
   SECTION 3.20         Further Instruments and Acts.............................................................20
   SECTION 3.21         Amendments of Sale and Servicing Agreement...............................................20
   SECTION 3.22         Income Tax Characterization..............................................................20
   SECTION 3.23         Separate Existence of the Issuer.........................................................20
   SECTION 3.24         Amendment of Issuer's Organizational Documents...........................................20
   SECTION 3.25         Other Agreements.........................................................................20
   SECTION 3.26         Rule 144A Information....................................................................20
   SECTION 3.27         Change of Control........................................................................21

ARTICLE IV SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE............................................................................21

   SECTION 4.1          Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture..................................................21
   SECTION 4.2          Application of Trust Money...............................................................22
   SECTION 4.3          Repayment of Moneys Held by Note Paying Agent............................................22

                                                          -i-
<PAGE>

                                                    TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                           PAGE NO.

ARTICLE V REMEDIES...............................................................................................22

   SECTION 5.1          Events of Default........................................................................22
   SECTION 5.2          Rights Upon Event of Default.............................................................24
   SECTION 5.3          Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee..........................25
   SECTION 5.4          Remedies.................................................................................26
   SECTION 5.5          Optional Preservation of the Receivables.................................................27
   SECTION 5.6          Priorities...............................................................................28
   SECTION 5.7          Limitation of Suits......................................................................29
   SECTION 5.8          Unconditional Rights of the Noteholders To Receive Principal and Interest................31
   SECTION 5.9          Restoration of Rights and Remedies.......................................................31
   SECTION 5.10         Rights and Remedies Cumulative...........................................................31
   SECTION 5.11         Delay or Omission Not a Waiver...........................................................31
   SECTION 5.12         [Reserved]...............................................................................31
   SECTION 5.13         Waiver of Past Defaults..................................................................31
   SECTION 5.14         Undertaking for Costs....................................................................32
   SECTION 5.15         Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws.........................................................32
   SECTION 5.16         Sale of Trust Estate.....................................................................32

ARTICLE VI THE TRUSTEE...........................................................................................35

   SECTION 6.1          Duties of Trustee........................................................................35
   SECTION 6.2          Rights of Trustee........................................................................36
   SECTION 6.3          Individual Rights of Trustee.............................................................37
   SECTION 6.4          Trustee's Disclaimer.....................................................................37
   SECTION 6.5          Notice of Defaults.......................................................................37
   SECTION 6.6          Reports by Trustee to the Noteholders....................................................37
   SECTION 6.7          Compensation and Indemnity...............................................................37
   SECTION 6.8          Replacement of Trustee...................................................................38
   SECTION 6.9          Successor Trustee by Merger..............................................................38
   SECTION 6.10         Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee............................................39
   SECTION 6.11         Eligibility: Disqualification............................................................40
   SECTION 6.12         [RESERVED]...............................................................................40
   SECTION 6.13         Appointment and Powers...................................................................40
   SECTION 6.14         Performance of Duties....................................................................40
   SECTION 6.15         Limitation on Liability..................................................................41
   SECTION 6.16         [Reserved]...............................................................................41
   SECTION 6.17         Successor Trustee........................................................................41
   SECTION 6.18         [Reserved]...............................................................................42
   SECTION 6.19         Representations and Warranties of the Trustee............................................42
   SECTION 6.20         Waiver of Setoffs........................................................................43
   SECTION 6.21         Control by the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
   Priority Class       43

ARTICLE VII [RESERVED]...........................................................................................43

ARTICLE VIII COLLECTION OF MONEY AND RELEASES OF TRUST ESTATE....................................................43

   SECTION 8.1          Collection of Money......................................................................43
   SECTION 8.2          Release of Trust Estate..................................................................43

ARTICLE IX SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES...............................................................................44

   SECTION 9.1          Supplemental Indentures with Consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
                        Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class................................................44
   SECTION 9.2          Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Note Purchasers and Noteholders..................45
   SECTION 9.3          Execution of Supplemental Indentures.....................................................47
   SECTION 9.4          Effect of Supplemental Indenture.........................................................47

                                                          -ii-
<PAGE>

ARTICLE X REPAYMENT AND PREPAYMENT OF NOTES......................................................................48

   SECTION 10.1         Repayment of the Notes; Optional Prepayment of the Notes.................................48
   SECTION 10.2         Notice of Prepayment.....................................................................48
   SECTION 10.3         General Procedures.......................................................................49

ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS.........................................................................................49

   SECTION 11.1         Compliance Certificates and Opinions, etc................................................49
   SECTION 11.2         Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee...................................................50
   SECTION 11.3         Acts of Noteholders or Note Purchasers...................................................51
   SECTION 11.4         Notices, etc., to Trustee, Issuer, the Note Purchasers and Noteholders...................51
   SECTION 11.5         Waiver...................................................................................52
   SECTION 11.6         Alternate Payment and Notice Provisions..................................................53
   SECTION 11.7         Effect of Headings and Table of Contents.................................................53
   SECTION 11.8         Successors and Assigns...................................................................53
   SECTION 11.9         Benefits of Indenture....................................................................53
   SECTION 11.10        Severability.............................................................................53
   SECTION 11.11        Legal Holidays...........................................................................53
   SECTION 11.12        Governing Law............................................................................54
   SECTION 11.13        Counterparts.............................................................................54
   SECTION 11.14        Recording of Indenture...................................................................54
   SECTION 11.15        Issuer Obligation........................................................................54
   SECTION 11.16        No Petition..............................................................................54
   SECTION 11.17        Inspection...............................................................................54
   SECTION 11.18        Market Value.............................................................................55
   SECTION 11.19        Intercreditor Agreement to Control.......................................................55
   SECTION 11.20        Controlling Note Purchaser; Majority Noteholders of Highest Priority Class...............55
   SECTION 11.21        Separate Grants................................................Error! Bookmark not defined.
   SECTION 11.22        Entire Agreement.........................................................................56


Exhibits
- --------

Exhibit A-1       Form of Class A Note
Exhibit A-2       Form of Class B Note
Exhibit B         Form of Transferor Representation Letter
Exhibit C         Form of Transferee Representation Letter (Qualified Institutional Buyers)
Exhibit D         Form of Transferee Representation Letter (Institutional Accredited Investors)
Exhibit E         Form of Collateral Release Letter


                                     -iii-
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

         SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED INDENTURE dated as of February 14, 2007
("Indenture"), by and between PAGE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the "Issuer"), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national
banking association, as trustee (the "Trustee").

         Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other parties and
for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and each Holder of the Issuer's Variable
Funding Notes, Class A (the "Class A Notes") and each Holder of the Issuer's
Variable Funding Notes, Class B (the "Class B Notes" and, together with the
Class A Notes, the "Notes"):

         To secure the payment of principal of and interest on, and any other
amounts owing in respect of the Notes, the other Secured Obligations and any and
all other amounts due and payable to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders
under the Basic Documents, and to secure compliance with this Indenture, the
Issuer has agreed to pledge the Collateral (as defined below) as collateral to
the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

         In addition, to secure the payment of principal of and interest on, and
any other amounts owing in respect of the Class B Notes, the Bear Secured
Obligations and any and all other amounts due and payable to the Class B Note
Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders under the Basic Documents, and to secure
compliance with this Indenture, the Issuer has agreed to pledge the Pledged
Subordinate Securities as collateral to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class
B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers.

         Furthermore, to secure the payment of principal of and interest on, and
any other amounts owing in respect of the Class B notes issued pursuant to the
Bear Indenture and any and all other amounts due and payable to the Class B note
purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents, and to
secure compliance with the Bear Indenture, the Issuer has agreed to pledge the
UBS Cross Collateral, on a subordinated basis and subject to the Intercreditor
Agreement, as collateral to the Bear Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the
Class B noteholders and the Class B note purchasers under the Bear Basic
Documents.

         As security for the payment and performance by the Issuer of the
Secured Obligations, the Issuer has agreed to assign the Collateral (as defined
below) as collateral to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the
Note Purchasers.

         In addition, as security for the payment and performance by the Issuer
of the Secured Obligations owing to the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note
Purchasers and the Bear Secured Obligations, the Issuer has agreed to assign the
Pledged Subordinate Securities as collateral to the Trustee for the benefit of
the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers.

         Furthermore, as security for the payment and performance by the Issuer
of the Bear Secured Obligations owing to the Class B noteholders and the Class B
note purchasers under the Bear Basic Documents, and as consideration for the
assignment by Page Three Funding LLC, on a subordinated basis and subject to the
Bear Intercreditor Agreement, of the Bear Cross Collateral as collateral to the
Trustee for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note
Purchasers, the Issuer has agreed to assign, on a subordinated basis and subject
to the Intercreditor Agreement, the UBS Cross Collateral as collateral to the
Bear Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B noteholders and the Class
B note purchasers under the Bear Basic Documents.

                                GRANTING CLAUSES

         I. The Issuer hereby Grants to the Trustee on each Funding Date, as
Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, all right,
title and interest of the Issuer, whether now existing or hereafter arising, in
and to the following;

         (a) the Receivables listed in the Schedule of Receivables and each
Addition Notice;

         (b) all monies received under the Receivables after the related Cutoff
Date and all Net Liquidation Proceeds received with respect to the Receivables
on and after the related Cutoff Date;

                                      -1-
<PAGE>

         (c) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles and any accessions
thereto granted by Obligors pursuant to the related Contracts and any other
interest of the Issuer in such Financed Vehicles, including, without limitation,
the certificates of title or, with respect to such Financed Vehicles in the
States listed in Annex B to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, other evidence of
title issued by the applicable Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority
in such States, with respect to such Financed Vehicles;

         (d) any proceeds from claims on any Receivables Insurance Policies or
certificates relating to the Financed Vehicles securing the Receivables or the
Obligors thereunder;

         (e) all proceeds from recourse against Dealers or Consumer Lenders with
respect to the Receivables and all other rights arising out of or with respect
to the Receivables (but none of the obligations) of the Seller under any
agreements with Dealers or Consumer Lenders;

         (f) refunds for the costs of extended service contracts with respect to
Financed Vehicles securing Receivables, refunds of unearned premiums with
respect to credit life and credit accident and health insurance policies or
certificates covering an Obligor or Financed Vehicle under a Receivable or his
or her obligations with respect to a Financed Vehicle and any recourse to
Dealers or Consumer Lenders for any of the foregoing;

         (g) the Receivable File related to each Receivable and all other
documents that the Issuer keeps on file in accordance with its customary
procedures relating to the Receivables, for Obligors of the Financed Vehicles;

         (h) all amounts and property from time to time held in or credited to
the Collection Account, the Note Distribution Account, the Principal Funding
Account and the Lockbox Accounts;

         (i) all property (including the right to receive future Net Liquidation
Proceeds) that secures a Receivable that has been acquired by or on behalf of
the Seller, the Purchaser or the Issuer pursuant to a liquidation of such
Receivable;

         (j) all of the rights and benefits (but none of the obligations of the
Issuer) under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and all other Basic Documents,
including a direct right to cause the Seller to purchase Receivables from the
Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement under the circumstances
specified therein;

         (k) each Note Purchase Agreement (to the extent of the Issuer's rights
against, but not including any of its obligations to, the Seller);

         (l) the proceeds from any Servicer's errors and omissions policy or
fidelity bond, to the extent that such proceeds relate to any Receivable,
Financed Vehicle or other Collateral;

         (m) each TFC Assignment; and

         (n) all present and future claims, demands, causes and choses in action
in respect of any or all of the foregoing and all payments on or under and all
proceeds of every kind and nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the
foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary,
into cash or other liquid property, all cash proceeds, accounts, accounts
receivable, notes, drafts, acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts,
insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, rights to payment of any and every kind
and other forms of obligations and receivables, instruments and other property
which at any time constitute all or part of or are included in the proceeds of
any of the foregoing (collectively, the property described in this Granting
Clause I, the "COLLATERAL").

         The foregoing Grant is made in trust to the Trustee, for the benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, to secure the payment of principal of
and interest on, and any other amounts owing in respect of the Notes, to secure
the payment of all Secured Obligations and any and all other amounts due and
payable to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders under the Basic Documents, in
each case whether now owed or hereafter arising, and to secure compliance with
this Indenture. The Trustee hereby acknowledges such Grant, accepts the trusts
under this Indenture in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and
agrees to perform its duties as required in this Indenture.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

         The Grant of Liens pursuant to the foregoing Granting Clause I shall be
deemed to constitute two separate and distinct grants of Liens and because of,
among other things, their differing rights in the Collateral, obligations to the
Class A Note Purchasers and the Class A Noteholders, on the one hand, are
fundamentally different from the obligations to the Class B Note Purchasers and
the Class B Noteholders, on the other hand, and must be separately classified in
any plan of reorganization proposed or adopted in an insolvency proceeding. To
further effectuate the intent of the parties as provided in the immediately
preceding sentence, if it is held that the claims of the Class A Note Purchaser
and the Class A Noteholders, on the one hand, and the claims of the Class B Note
Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders, on the other hand, in each case in
respect of the Collateral constitute only one secured claim (rather than
separate classes of senior and junior secured claims), then the Class B Note
Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders hereby acknowledge and agree that all
distributions shall be made as if there were separate classes of senior and
junior secured claims in respect of the Collateral (with the effect being that,
to the extent that the aggregate value of the Collateral is sufficient (for this
purpose ignoring all claims held by the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B
Noteholders), the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders shall be
entitled to receive, in addition to amounts distributed to them in respect of
principal, pre-petition interest and other claims, all amounts owing in respect
of post-petition interest, with the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B
Noteholders hereby acknowledging and agreeing to turn over to the Trustee for
application in accordance with the terms of the Basic Documents amounts
otherwise received or receivable by them with respect to the Collateral (but not
with respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities or the Class B Available
Funds) to the extent necessary to effectuate the intent of this sentence, even
if such turnover has the effect of reducing the claim or recovery of the Class B
Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders.

         II. The Issuer hereby Grants to the Trustee, as Trustee for the benefit
of the Class B Noteholders and each Class B Note Purchaser, all right, title and
interest of the Issuer, whether now existing or hereafter arising, in and to the
following;

         (a) any Pledged Subordinate Securities delivered to the Trustee
pursuant to Section 3.3(c) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement; and

         (b) all present and future claims, demands, causes and choses in action
in respect of any or all of the foregoing and all payments on or under and all
proceeds of every kind and nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the
foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary,
into cash or other liquid property, all cash proceeds, accounts, accounts
receivable, notes, drafts, acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts,
insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, rights to payment of any and every kind
and other forms of obligations and receivables, instruments and other property
which at any time constitute all or part of or are included in the proceeds of
any of the foregoing.

         The foregoing Grant is made in trust to the Trustee, for the benefit of
the Class B Noteholders and each Class B Note Purchaser, to secure the payment
of principal of and interest on, and any other amounts owing in respect of the
Class B Notes, to secure the payment of all Secured Obligations, all Bear
Secured Obligations and any and all other amounts due and payable, in each case,
to the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders pursuant to the Basic
Documents and to secure compliance with this Indenture. The Trustee hereby
acknowledges such Grant, accepts the trusts under this Indenture in accordance
with the provisions of this Indenture and agrees to perform its duties as
required in this Indenture.

         III. The Issuer hereby Grants to the Bear Indenture Trustee, as trustee
for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders under
the Bear Basic Documents, all right, title and interest of the Issuer (subject
to Granting Clause I and the Intercreditor Agreement), whether now existing or
hereafter arising, in and to the following;

         (a) the Collateral; and

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

         (b) all present and future claims, demands, causes and choses in action
in respect of any or all of the foregoing and all payments on or under and all
proceeds of every kind and nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the
foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary,
into cash or other liquid property, all cash proceeds, accounts, accounts
receivable, notes, drafts, acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts,
insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, rights to payment of any and every kind
and other forms of obligations and receivables, instruments and other property
which at any time constitute all or part of or are included in the proceeds of
any of the foregoing (collectively, the property described in this Granting
Clause III, the "UBS CROSS COLLATERAL").

         The foregoing Grant is made in trust to the Bear Indenture Trustee, as
trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B
noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents, to secure the payment of principal
of and interest on, and any other amounts owing in respect of all Bear Secured
Obligations and any and all other amounts due and payable, in each case, to the
Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders pursuant to the Bear Basic
Documents and to secure compliance with the Bear Indenture. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any of the Basic Documents or
the Bear Basic Documents, the foregoing Grant is expressly (i) subordinate to,
and subject to the prior Lien of the Trustee, the Class A Noteholders and the
Class A Note Purchasers granted pursuant to Granting Clause I and (ii) subject
to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, and, in the event of
a conflict between the terms and provisions of this Indenture, on the one hand,
and the Intercreditor Agreement, on the other hand, the terms and provisions of
the Intercreditor Agreement shall control.

                                    ARTICLE I

                   DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

         SECTION 1.1 DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in Annex A to
the Third Amended and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of February
14, 2007 among the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Purchaser, the Backup
Servicer and the Trustee, as the same may be further amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms (the "Sale and
Servicing Agreement").

         SECTION 1.2 [RESERVED].

         SECTION 1.3 OTHER DEFINITIONAL PROVISIONS. (i) All terms defined in
this Indenture shall have the defined meanings when used in any instrument
governed hereby and in any certificate or other document made or delivered
pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein.

         (ii) Accounting terms used but not defined or partly defined in this
Indenture, in any instrument governed hereby or in any certificate or other
document made or delivered pursuant hereto, to the extent not defined, shall
have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP or any such instrument,
certificate or other document, as applicable. To the extent that the definitions
of accounting terms in this Indenture or in any such instrument, certificate or
other document are inconsistent with the meanings of such terms under GAAP, the
definitions contained in this Indenture or in any such instrument, certificate
or other document shall control.

         (iii) The words "HEREOF," "HEREIN," "HEREUNDER" and words of similar
import when used in this Indenture shall refer to this Indenture as a whole and
not to any particular provision of this Indenture.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

         (iv) Section, Schedule and Exhibit references contained in this
Indenture are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to this
Indenture unless otherwise specified; and the term "INCLUDING" shall mean
"INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION."

         (v) The definitions contained in this Indenture are applicable to the
singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well
as to the feminine and neuter genders of such terms.

         (vi) Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein
or in any instrument or certificate delivered in connection herewith means such
agreement, instrument or statute as the same may from time to time be amended,
modified or supplemented and includes (in the case of agreements or instruments)
references to all attachments and instruments associated therewith; all
references to a Person include its permitted successors and assigns.

         (vii) The singular form of the terms "NOTE" and "NOTEHOLDER" shall not
preclude issuance of more than one Note or ownership of Notes by more than one
Noteholder. The singular forms of such terms shall also mean the plural forms of
such terms and the plural form of such terms shall also mean the singular form
thereof, in each case as the context requires.

                                   ARTICLE II

                                    THE NOTES

         SECTION 2.1 FORM. The Notes, together with the Trustee's certificate of
authentication, shall be in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A-1 (in
the case of the Class A Notes) and EXHIBIT A-2 (in the case of the Class B
Notes), with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other
variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture and may have such
letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or
endorsements placed thereon as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the
officers executing the Notes, as evidenced by their execution of the Notes. Any
portion of the text of the Notes may be set forth on the reverse thereof, with
an appropriate reference thereto on the face of the Notes. The Class A Notes
were originally issued on the Class A Closing Date and the Class B Notes will be
issued on the Class B Closing Date. Each class of Notes shall be subject to
Advances and prepayments from time to time in accordance with SECTION 2.11 and
ARTICLE X, respectively.

         (a) The Notes shall be typewritten, printed, lithographed or engraved
or produced by any combination of these methods (with or without steel engraved
borders), all as determined by the officers executing the Notes, as evidenced by
their execution of the Notes.

         (b) The terms of the Notes set forth in Exhibits A-1 and A-2 are part
of the terms of this Indenture.

         SECTION 2.2 EXECUTION, AUTHENTICATION AND DELIVERY. The Notes shall be
executed on behalf of the Issuer by any of its Authorized Officers. The
signature of any such Authorized Officer on the Notes may be manual or
facsimile.

         (a) A Note bearing the manual or facsimile signature of individuals who
were at any time Authorized Officers of the Issuer shall bind the Issuer,
notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such
offices prior to the authentication and delivery of such Note or did not hold
such offices at the date of such Note.

         (b) The Trustee shall upon receipt of an Issuer Order for
authentication and delivery, authenticate and deliver each class of Notes for
original issue in an aggregate principal amount up to, but not in excess of, the
Class A Maximum Invested Amount, in the case of the Class A Notes, and the Class
B Maximum Invested Amount, in the case of the Class B Notes.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

         (c) Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Notes
shall be issuable as registered Notes in the minimum denomination of $1,000,000
and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof (except for one Note of a
class which may be issued in a lesser denomination and other than an integral
multiple of $1,000).

         (d) No Note shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be
valid or obligatory for any purpose, unless there appears attached to such Note
a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein,
executed by the Trustee by the manual signature of one of its authorized
signatories, and such certificate attached to such Note shall be conclusive
evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note has been duly authenticated and
delivered hereunder.

         SECTION 2.3 [RESERVED]

         SECTION 2.4 REGISTRATION; REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE. The
Issuer shall cause the Trustee to keep a register (the "Note Register") in
which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe and subject to
the provisions of Section 2.5, the Trustee shall provide for the registration of
the Notes, and the registration of transfers and exchanges of the Notes. The
Trustee shall be "Note Registrar" for the purpose of registering the Notes and
transfers of the Notes as herein provided. Upon any resignation or removal of
any Note Registrar, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor.

         (a) If a Person other than the Trustee is appointed by the Issuer as
Note Registrar, such Person must be acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser
and, in addition, the Issuer will give the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders prompt written notice of the appointment of such Note Registrar
(once approved by the Controlling Note Purchaser) and of the location, and any
change in the location, of the Note Register, and the Trustee shall have the
right to inspect the Note Register at all reasonable times and to obtain copies
thereof. The Trustee shall have the right to conclusively rely upon a
certificate executed on behalf of the Note Registrar by an Executive Officer
thereof as to the name and address of each Holder of a Note and the Percentage
Interest and number of each Note.

         (b) Subject to SECTION 2.5 hereof, upon surrender for registration of
transfer of a Note at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained as
provided in Section 3.2, if the requirements of SECTION 8-401(a) of the UCC are
met, the Trustee shall have the Issuer execute and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or
transferees, one or more new Notes in the minimum Percentage Interest of 1%
representing in the aggregate the Percentage Interest on the face of the Note to
be transferred.

         (c) At the option of a Holder, a Note may be exchanged for another Note
in any authorized Percentage Interest, of the same class and a like aggregate
Percentage Interest, upon surrender of the Note to be exchanged at such office
or agency. Whenever a Note is so surrendered for exchange, subject to Section
2.5 hereof, if the requirements of SECTION 8-401(a) of the UCC are met, the
Issuer shall execute, and upon request by the Issuer the Trustee shall
authenticate, and the Noteholder shall obtain from the Trustee, the Note which
the Noteholder making the exchange is entitled to receive.

         (d) The Note or Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or
exchange of a Note shall be the valid obligation of the Issuer, evidencing, in
the aggregate, the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this
Indenture, as the Note surrendered upon such registration of transfer or
exchange.

         (e) Every Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or
exchange shall be (i) duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written assignment
in substantially the form attached to EXHIBIT A duly executed by, the Holder
thereof or such Holder's attorney, duly authorized in writing, with such
signature guaranteed by an "ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION" meeting the
requirements of the Note Registrar which requirements include membership or
participation in Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program ("STAMP") or such
other "SIGNATURE GUARANTEE PROGRAM" as may be determined by the Note Registrar
in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (ii) accompanied by such other
documents as the Trustee may require.

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

         (f) No service charge shall be made to a Holder for any registration of
transfer or exchange of a Note, but the Note Registrar may require payment of a
sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed
in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of a Note, other
than exchanges pursuant to SECTION 9.6 not involving any transfer.

         (g) The preceding provisions of this SECTION 2.4 notwithstanding, the
Issuer shall not be required to make and the Note Registrar shall not register
transfers or exchanges of a Note selected for redemption or of any Note for a
period of two (2) Business Days preceding the due date for any payment with
respect to such Note.

         SECTION 2.5 RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE.

         (a) No transfer of a Note shall be made unless the transferor thereof
has provided a representation letter substantially in the form of EXHIBIT B that
such transfer is (i) to the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer, or (ii) in
compliance with Section 2.5(b) hereof, to a qualified purchaser (as defined
under Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act) that is a qualified
institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in a
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A under the Securities Act, or
(iii) in compliance with Section 2.5(c) hereof, to a qualified purchaser (as
defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act) that is an
institutional "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or
(7) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, or (iv) to a qualified
purchaser (as defined under Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act) in a
transaction complying with or exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any
state of the United States or any other jurisdiction; PROVIDED, that (except
with respect to the transfer of the Note or Advance made by the Noteholder), in
the case of CLAUSES (iv) the Trustee or the Issuer may require an Opinion of
Counsel to the effect that such transfer may be effected without registration
under the Securities Act, which Opinion of Counsel, if so required, shall be
addressed to the Issuer and the Trustee and shall be secured at the expense of
the Holder. Each prospective purchaser by its acquisition of a Note,
acknowledges that such Note will contain a legend substantially to the effect
set forth in SECTION 2.5(e) (unless the Issuer determines otherwise in
accordance with applicable law).

         Any transfer or exchange of a Note to a proposed transferee shall be
conducted in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.4, and shall be
contingent upon receipt by the Note Registrar of (A) such Note properly endorsed
for assignment or transfer, (B) written instruction from such transferring
Holder directing the Note Registrar to cause the transfer to such transferees,
in such Percentage Interests (not to exceed the Percentage Interest on the face
of the Note to be transferred) as the transferring Holder shall specify in such
instructions; and (C) such certificates or signatures as may be required under
such Note or this Section 2.5, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Note Registrar. The Note Registrar shall cause any such transfers and
related cancellations or increases and related reductions, as applicable, to be
properly recorded in its books in accordance with the requirements of Section
2.4.

         (b) If a Note is sold to a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in Section
2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act) that is a "qualified institutional
buyer" (as defined in Rule 144A of the Securities Act) purchasing for its own
account or for the account of another "qualified purchaser" that is a "qualified
institutional buyer," such Note shall be issued as a certificated Note in
definitive, fully registered form without interest coupons with the applicable
legends set forth in the form of the Note registered in the name of the
beneficial owner or a nominee thereof, duly executed by the Issuer and
authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided. Any transfer to a
"qualified purchaser" that is a "qualified institutional buyer" is expressly
conditioned upon the requirement that such transferee shall deliver a
representation letter in the form of EXHIBIT C.

         (c) If the Note is sold in the United States to U.S. Persons under
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act to a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in
Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act) that is an institutional
"accredited investor" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

Securities Act), it shall be issued in the form of certificated Note in
definitive, fully registered form without interest coupons with the applicable
legends set forth in the form of the Note registered in the name of the
beneficial owner or a nominee thereof, duly executed by the Issuer and
authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided. Any transfer to a
"qualified purchaser" (as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company
Act) that is an institutional "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" is expressly conditioned
upon the requirement that such transferee shall deliver a representation letter
in the form of EXHIBIT D.

         (d) The Note Registrar shall not register any transfer or exchange of
any Class A Note to the extent that upon such transfer or exchange there would
be more than four (4) Class A Noteholders then reflected on the Note Register.
The Note Registrar shall not register any transfer or exchange of any Class B
Note to the extent that upon such transfer or exchange there would be more than
ninety (90) Class B Noteholders then reflected on the Note Register.

         (e) Unless the Issuer determines otherwise in accordance with
applicable law, each Note shall have the following legend:

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR "BLUE
SKY" LAWS AND MAY BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED ONLY TO (1) THE ISSUER (UPON
REDEMPTION THEREOF OR OTHERWISE) OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER (AS CERTIFIED BY
THE ISSUER) OR (2) A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(a)(51) OF
THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) THAT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" AS
DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE, SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED
IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR
ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY
OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ARE ALSO QUALIFIED PURCHASERS THAT ARE
INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS) (3) SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR
RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN A TRANSACTION MEETING
THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A TO A PERSON THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE,
SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH
PERSON IS A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS DEFINED UNDER SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) THAT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN
RULE 144A), ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS
(WHICH OTHERS ARE ALSO QUALIFIED PURCHASERS THAT ARE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYERS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE, OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE
IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, OR (4) TO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER (AS DEFINED UNDER
SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) IN A TRANSACTION OTHERWISE
EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, APPLICABLE
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, IN
EACH SUCH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE INDENTURE AND ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES
LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION: PROVIDED,
THAT, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (4), THE TRUSTEE OR THE ISSUER MAY REQUIRE AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, WHICH OPINION OF COUNSEL, IF SO REQUIRED,
SHALL BE ADDRESSED TO THE ISSUER AND THE TRUSTEE AND SHALL BE SECURED AT THE
EXPENSE OF THE HOLDER. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE
EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE.

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AND SUBJECT TO INCREASES
AND DECREASES AS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE INDENTURE. ACCORDINGLY, THE
OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE
AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.

[THE NOTE REGISTRAR SHALL NOT REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE OF THIS NOTE TO
THE EXTENT THAT UPON SUCH TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE THERE WOULD BE MORE THAN FOUR (4)
CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS THEN REFLECTED ON THE NOTE REGISTER.]

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

[THE NOTE REGISTRAR SHALL NOT REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE OF THIS NOTE TO
THE EXTENT THAT UPON SUCH TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE THERE WOULD BE MORE THAN NINETY
(90) CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS THEN REFLECTED ON THE NOTE REGISTER.]

[THIS NOTE IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF AN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT
DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 14, 2007 BY AND AMONG THE CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER, THE CLASS
A NOTEHOLDER, THE CLASS B NOTE PURCHASERS, THE CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS, THE ISSUER,
THE PURCHASER, THE SELLER, THE SERVICER AND THE TRUSTEE, AS THE SAME MAY BE
AMENDED, SUPPLEMENTED OR OTHERWISE MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME.]

[THIS NOTE IS SUBORDINATE IN RIGHT OF PAYMENT TO THE ISSUER'S CLASS A NOTES
ISSUED PURSUANT TO THE INDENTURE REFERENCED HEREIN AND TO ALL OTHER AMOUNTS DUE
AND OWING TO THE CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS AND THE CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE BASIC DOCUMENTS AND IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND
PROVISIONS OF AN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 14, 2007 BY AND
AMONG THE CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER, THE CLASS A NOTEHOLDER, THE CLASS B NOTE
PURCHASERS, THE CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS, THE ISSUER, THE PURCHASER, THE SELLER, THE
SERVICER AND THE TRUSTEE, AS THE SAME MAY BE AMENDED, SUPPLEMENTED OR OTHERWISE
MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME.]

         (f) Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Section
2.5, no transfer or assignment of a Secured Obligation shall be made that would
cause there to be more than 90 owners and assignees of the Class B Notes at any
time. For purposes of determining the number of owners and assignees of the
Class B Notes, a Person (beneficial owner) owning an interest in a partnership
(including any entity treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes),
grantor trust or S corporation (flow through entity), that owns, directly or
through other flow-through entities, an interest in the Class B Notes, is
treated as an owner or an assignee of the Class B Notes if (i) substantially all
of the value of the beneficial owner's interest in the flow through entity is
attributable to the flow-through entity's interest (direct or indirect) in the
Class B Notes, and (ii) the principal purpose of the use of the tiered
arrangement is to permit the satisfaction of the 90 owner and assignee of Class
B Notes limitation.

         SECTION 2.6 MUTILATED, DESTROYED, LOST OR STOLEN NOTE. If (i) any
mutilated Note is surrendered to the Trustee, or the Trustee receives evidence
to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note, and (ii)
there is delivered to the Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required
by it to hold the Issuer and the Trustee harmless, then, in the absence of
notice to the Issuer, the Note Registrar or the Trustee that such Note has been
acquired by a protected purchaser, and, provided that the requirements of
Section 8-405 and 8-406 of the UCC are met, the Issuer shall execute, and upon
request by the Issuer, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange
for or in lieu of any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a
replacement Note; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if any such destroyed, lost or stolen
Note, but not a mutilated Note, shall have become, or within seven days shall
be, due and payable or shall have been called for redemption, instead of issuing
a replacement Note, the Issuer may direct the Trustee, in writing, to pay such
destroyed, lost or stolen Note when so due or payable without surrender thereof.
If, after the delivery of such replacement Note or payment of a destroyed, lost
or stolen Note pursuant to the preceding sentence, a protected purchaser of the
original Note in lieu of which such replacement Note was issued, presents for
payment such original Note, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to
recover such replacement Note (or such payment) from the Person to whom it was
delivered or any assignee of such Person, except a protected purchaser, and
shall be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided therefor to
the extent of any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred by the Issuer or the
Trustee in connection therewith.

         (a) Upon the issuance of any replacement Note under this Section, the
Issuer may require the payment by the Holder of such Note of a sum sufficient to
cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation
thereto and any other reasonable expenses (including the fees and expenses of
the Trustee) connected therewith.

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

         (b) Every replacement Note issued pursuant to this Section in
replacement of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an
original additional contractual obligation of the Issuer, whether or not the
mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be at any time enforceable by
anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and
proportionately with the Notes duly issued hereunder.

         (c) The provisions of this Section are exclusive and shall preclude (to
the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement
or payment of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note.

         SECTION 2.7 PERSONS DEEMED OWNER. Prior to due presentment for
registration of transfer of any Note, the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of
the Issuer or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name such Note is
registered (as of the applicable Record Date) as the owner of such Note for the
purpose of receiving payments of principal of and interest, if any, on such
Note, for all other purposes whatsoever and whether or not such Note be overdue,
and none of the Issuer, the Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee
shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

         SECTION 2.8 PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST; DEFAULTED INTEREST.

         (a) The Class A Notes shall accrue interest as provided in the form of
Class A Note set forth in EXHIBIT A-1, and such interest shall be due and
payable on each Settlement Date, as specified therein. The Class B Notes shall
accrue interest as provided in the form of Class B Note set forth in Exhibit
A-2, and such interest shall be due and payable on each Settlement Date, as
specified therein. Any installment of interest or principal, if any, payable on
any Note which is punctually paid or duly provided for by the Issuer on the
applicable Settlement Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Note
is registered on the Record Date, either (i) by wire transfer in immediately
available funds to such Person's account as it appears on the Note Register on
such Record Date if (A) such Noteholder has provided to the Note Registrar
appropriate written instructions at least five Business Days prior to such
Settlement Date and such Holder's Note in the aggregate evidence a Percentage
Interest of not less than 1% or (B) such Noteholder is the Seller, or an
Affiliate thereof, or if not, (ii) by check mailed to such Noteholder at the
address of such Noteholder appearing on the Note Register, except for the final
installment of principal payable with respect to such Note on a Settlement Date
or on the applicable Facility Termination Date, which shall be payable as
provided below.

         (b) If the Class A Facility Termination Date is determined in
accordance with subsection (I) of the definition thereof, the outstanding
principal balance of the Class A Notes and all accrued and unpaid interest
thereon will be amortized and shall be payable in full by the Class A Final
Scheduled Settlement Date. If the Class A Facility Termination Date is
determined in accordance with subsection (II) of the definition thereof, such
Class A Facility Termination Date will result in immediate acceleration of the
Class A Notes in accordance with Section 5.2. If the Class A Facility
Termination Date is determined in accordance with subsection (III) of the
definition thereof, the outstanding principal balance of the Class A Notes and
all accrued and unpaid interest thereon will be amortized and shall be payable
in full by the third Settlement Date following the relevant anniversary of the
Class A Closing Date. The outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes and
all accrued and unpaid interest thereon shall be payable in full by the Class B
Facility Termination Date and otherwise as provided in Section 3.1, the form of
Class B Note attached hereto as Exhibit A-2, and the other Basic Documents. The
principal amount outstanding under any Note at any time shall be equal to the
product of the Percentage Interest represented by such Note and the then
outstanding applicable Invested Amount. All principal payments on the Notes of a
class shall be made pro rata to the Noteholders of such class entitled thereto
based on their respective Percentage Interests. Upon written notice from the
Issuer, the Trustee shall notify the Person in whose name a Note is registered
at the close of business on the Record Date preceding the Settlement Date on
which the Issuer expects that the final installment of principal of and interest
on such Note will be paid. Such notice shall be mailed or transmitted by
facsimile prior to such final Settlement Date and shall specify that such final
installment will be payable only upon presentation and surrender of such Note
and shall specify the place where such Note may be presented and surrendered for
payment of such installment.

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

         (c) If the Issuer defaults in any payment of interest on a Note, the
Issuer shall pay defaulted interest (plus interest on such defaulted interest to
the extent lawful) at the applicable Note Interest Rate then in effect
(calculated for this purpose using the applicable Default Applicable Margin) in
any lawful manner. The Issuer shall pay such defaulted interest to the
Noteholders entitled thereto on the immediately following Settlement Date. At
least three (3) days before any such Settlement Date, the Issuer shall mail to
the Noteholders and the Trustee a notice that states the Settlement Date and the
amount of defaulted interest to be paid.

         SECTION 2.9 CANCELLATION. Any Note surrendered for payment,
registration of transfer, exchange or redemption shall, if surrendered to any
Person other than the Trustee, be delivered to the Trustee and shall be promptly
canceled by the Trustee. The Issuer may at any time deliver to the Trustee for
cancellation any Note previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the
Issuer may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and the Note so delivered
shall be promptly canceled by the Trustee. No Note shall be authenticated in
lieu of or in exchange for any Note canceled as provided in this Section, except
as expressly permitted by this Indenture. A canceled Note may be held or
disposed of by the Trustee in accordance with its standard retention or disposal
policy as in effect at the time unless the Issuer shall direct by an Issuer
Order that they be destroyed or returned to it; PROVIDED that such Issuer Order
is timely and such Note has not been previously disposed of by the Trustee.

         SECTION 2.10 RELEASE OF TRUST ESTATE. Subject to the terms of the other
Basic Documents and SECTIONS 10.1 and 11.1, the Trustee shall, on or after the
Termination Date, release any remaining portion of the Trust Estate from the
lien created by this Indenture and deposit in the Collection Account any funds
then on deposit in any other Pledged Account. In addition, the Trustee shall
release Ineligible Receivables from the lien created by this Indenture upon any
dividend of such Ineligible Receivables that is permitted under Section 5.10 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Trustee shall release property from the
lien created by this Indenture pursuant to this SECTION 2.10 only upon receipt
of an Issuer Request accompanied by an Officer's Certificate meeting the
applicable requirements of SECTION 11.1.

         SECTION 2.11 AMOUNT LIMITED; ADVANCES.

         (a) The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Class A Notes that
may be authenticated and delivered and Outstanding at any time under this
Indenture (except for Class A Notes authenticated and delivered pursuant to
SECTION 2.6 in replacement for destroyed, lost or stolen Class A Notes) is
limited to the Class A Maximum Invested Amount.

         On each Business Day prior to the Class A Facility Termination Date
that is a Class A Funding Date, and upon the satisfaction of all conditions
precedent to (a) the funding of a Class A Advance and (b) the purchase of
Receivables, in each case as set forth in Section 2.1(b) of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, and Section 6.02 and Section 6.03 of the Class A Note
Purchase Agreement, the Issuer shall be entitled to borrow additional funds
pursuant to a Class A Advance made by the Class A Note Purchaser on such Class A
Funding Date, in accordance with Section 2.02 and Section 2.03 of the Class A
Note Purchase Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Class A
Advance Amount with respect to such Class A Funding Date. Each request by the
Issuer for a Class A Advance shall include a certification by the Issuer as to
the satisfaction of the conditions specified in the previous sentence.

         The aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes may be
increased (subject to the Class A Maximum Invested Amount) through the funding
of Class A Advances. Each Class A Advance and corresponding Class A Advance
Amount shall be recorded by the Class A Note Purchaser, and the Class A Note
Purchaser's record (which may be in electronic or other form in the Class A Note
Purchaser's reasonable discretion) shall show all Class A Advance Amounts and
prepayments. Absent manifest error, such record of the Class A Note Purchaser
shall be dispositive with respect to the determination of the outstanding
principal amount of the Class A Notes. The Class A Notes (i) can be funded by
Class A Advances on any Class A Funding Date in a minimum amount of $2,000,000

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

and any higher amount (subject to the Class A Maximum Invested Amount), and (ii)
subject to subsequent Class A Advances pursuant to this SECTION 2.11(a), are
subject to prepayment in whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer as
provided in ARTICLE X herein. In addition, and independent of optional
prepayments pursuant to ARTICLE X, in the event that a Class A Borrowing Base
Deficiency exists on any date of determination as determined by the Class A Note
Purchaser in its sole discretion, the Issuer shall on the same Business Day of
the receipt of notice from the Class A Note Purchaser (or if notice is received
after 10:01 a.m. New York time, then on the next Business Day), prepay the Class
A Invested Amount by an amount equal to such Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency
by paying such amount to or at the direction of the Class A Note Purchaser.

         (b) The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Class B Notes that
may be authenticated and delivered and Outstanding at any time under this
Indenture (except for Class B Notes authenticated and delivered pursuant to
Section 2.6 in replacement for destroyed, lost or stolen Class B Notes) is
limited to the Class B Maximum Invested Amount.

         On each Business Day prior to the Class B Facility Termination Date
that is a Class B Funding Date, and upon the satisfaction of all conditions
precedent to (a) the funding of a Class B Advance and (b) the purchase of
Receivables, in each case as set forth in Section 2.1(b) of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, and Section 6.02 and Section 6.03 of the Class B Note
Purchase Agreement, the Issuer shall be entitled to borrow additional funds
pursuant to a Class B Advance made by each Class B Note Purchaser on such Class
B Funding Date, in accordance with Section 2.02 and Section 2.03 of the Class B
Note Purchase Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Class B
Advance Amount (subject to the Class B Maximum Invested Amount) with respect to
such Class B Funding Date. Each request by the Issuer for a Class B Advance
shall include a certification by the Issuer as to the satisfaction of the
conditions specified in the previous sentence.

         The aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes may be
increased (subject to the Class B Maximum Invested Amount) through the funding
of Class B Advances. Each Class B Note Purchaser shall record its respective pro
rata portion of each Class B Advance and corresponding Class B Advance Amount,
and each Class B Note Purchaser's record (which may be in electronic or other
form in each Class B Note Purchaser's reasonable discretion) shall show all
Class B Advance Amounts and prepayments made or received by such Class B Note
Purchaser. Absent manifest error, such record of each Class B Note Purchaser
shall be dispositive with respect to the determination of such Class B Note
Purchaser's respective pro rata portion of the outstanding principal amount of
the Class B Notes. The Class B Notes (i) can be funded by Class B Advances on
any Class B Funding Date in a minimum amount of $250,000 and any higher amount
(subject to the Class B Maximum Invested Amount), and (ii) subject to subsequent
Class B Advances pursuant to this Section 2.11(a), are subject to prepayment in
whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer as provided in Article X herein.
In addition, and independent of optional prepayments pursuant to Article X, in
the event that a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency exists on any date of
determination as determined by a Class B Note Purchaser in its sole discretion,
the Issuer shall on the same Business Day of the receipt of notice from such
Class B Note Purchaser (or if notice is received after 10:01 a.m. New York time,
then on the next Business Day), prepay the Class B Invested Amount by an amount
equal to such Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency by paying the respective pro
rata portion of such amount to or at the direction of each Class B Note
Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to Section 3.05(c) of the
Class B Note Purchase Agreement, the Issuer may not prepay any such Class B
Invested Amount to cure a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency or otherwise
pursuant to Article X with funds other than Class B Available Funds unless and
until any and all amounts then due and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser and
the Class A Noteholders under the Basic Documents have been paid in full.

                                   ARTICLE III

                                    COVENANTS

         SECTION 3.1 PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST. The Issuer will duly and
punctually pay or cause to be paid the principal of and interest on the Notes in
accordance with the terms of the Notes, this Indenture, the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and the other Basic Documents. Without limiting the foregoing, the
Issuer will cause to be distributed on each Settlement Date all amounts
deposited in the Note Distribution Account pursuant to the Sale and Servicing


                                      -12-
<PAGE>

Agreement to the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in the order of priority
specified in Section 5.8 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Amounts properly
withheld under the Code by the Trustee from a payment to the Noteholders of
interest and/or principal shall be considered as having been paid by the Issuer
to the Noteholders for all purposes of this Indenture.

         SECTION 3.2 MAINTENANCE OF OFFICE OR AGENCY. The Issuer will maintain
in Minneapolis, Minnesota, an office or agency where the Notes may be
surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, and where notices and
demands to or upon the Issuer in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be
served. The Issuer hereby initially appoints the Trustee to serve as its agent
for the foregoing purposes. The Issuer will give prompt written notice to the
Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders of the location, and of any
change in the location, of any such office or agency. If at any time the Issuer
shall fail to maintain any such office or agency or shall fail to furnish the
Trustee with the address thereof, such surrenders, notices and demands may be
made or served at the Corporate Trust Office, and the Issuer hereby appoints the
Trustee as its agent to receive all such surrenders, notices and demands.

         SECTION 3.3 MONEY FOR PAYMENTS TO BE HELD IN TRUST. On or before each
Settlement Date, the Trustee shall deposit or cause to be deposited in the Note
Distribution Account from the Collection Account an aggregate sum sufficient to
pay the amounts then becoming due under each class of Notes and all other
amounts then due and owing to the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers under the
Basic Documents, such sums to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons
entitled thereto. Except as provided in SECTION 3.3(c) hereof, all payments of
amounts due and payable with respect to the Notes and such other amounts that
are to be made from amounts withdrawn from the Note Distribution Account shall
be made on behalf of the Issuer by the Trustee or by the Note Paying Agent, and
no amounts so withdrawn from the Note Distribution Account for payment of the
Notes or to the Noteholders or the Note Purchasers shall be paid to the Issuer.

         (a) The Issuer shall cause each Note Paying Agent other than the
Trustee to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such Note
Paying Agent shall agree with the Trustee (and if the Trustee acts as Note
Paying Agent, it hereby so agrees), subject to the provisions of this Section,
that such Note Paying Agent shall:

                  (i) hold all sums held by it for the payment of amounts due
         with respect to the Notes and such other amounts in trust for the
         benefit of the Persons entitled thereto until such sums shall be paid
         to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided and pay
         such sums to such Persons as herein provided;

                  (ii) give the Trustee notice of any default by the Issuer (or
         any other obligor upon the Notes) of which it has actual knowledge in
         the making of any payment required to be made with respect to the Notes
         or to the Noteholders or the Note Purchasers;

                  (iii) at any time during the continuance of any such default,
         upon the written request of the Trustee, forthwith pay to the Trustee
         all sums so held in trust by such Note Paying Agent;

                  (iv) immediately resign as a Note Paying Agent and forthwith
         pay to the Trustee all sums held by it in trust for the payment of the
         Notes and such other amounts if at any time it ceases to meet the
         standards required to be met by a Note Paying Agent at the time of its
         appointment; and

                  (v) comply with all requirements of the Code with respect to
         the withholding from any payments made by it on the Notes of any
         applicable withholding taxes imposed thereon and with respect to any
         applicable reporting requirements in connection therewith.

         (b) The Issuer may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, by Issuer
Order direct any Note Paying Agent to pay to the Trustee all sums held in trust
by such Note Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Trustee upon the same
trusts as those upon which the sums were held by such Note Paying Agent; and

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

upon such a payment by any Note Paying Agent to the Trustee, such Note Paying
Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money.

         (c) Subject to applicable laws with respect to the escheat of funds,
any money held by the Trustee or any Note Paying Agent in trust for the payment
of any amount due with respect to the Notes and remaining unclaimed for two
years after such amount has become due and payable shall be discharged from such
trust and be paid to the Issuer on Issuer Request and shall be deposited by the
Trustee in the Collection Account; and the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers
shall thereafter, as unsecured general creditors, look only to the Issuer for
payment thereof (but only to the extent of the amounts so paid to the Issuer),
and all liability of the Trustee or such Note Paying Agent with respect to such
trust money shall thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Trustee or such
Note Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, shall at
the expense of the Issuer cause to be published once, in a newspaper published
in the English language, customarily published on each Business Day and of
general circulation in the City of New York, notice that such money remains
unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which shall not be less than
30 days from the date of such publication, any unclaimed balance of such money
then remaining will be repaid to the Issuer. The Trustee shall also adopt and
employ, at the expense of the Issuer, any other reasonable means of notification
of such repayment (including, but not limited to, mailing notice of such
repayment to the Holder whose Notes have been called but have not been
surrendered for redemption or whose right to or interest in moneys due and
payable but not claimed is determinable from the records of the Trustee or of
any Note Paying Agent, at the last address of record for each such Holder).

         SECTION 3.4 EXISTENCE. Except as otherwise permitted by the provisions
of SECTION 3.10, the Issuer will keep in full effect its existence, rights and
franchises as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of
Delaware (unless it becomes, or any successor Issuer hereunder is or becomes,
organized under the laws of any other state or of the United States of America,
in which case the Issuer will keep in full effect its existence, rights and
franchises under the laws of such other jurisdiction) and will obtain and
preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such
qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and
enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes, the Collateral, the Pledged
Subordinate Securities, the UBS Cross Collateral, the other Basic Documents and
each other instrument or agreement included in the Trust Estate.

         SECTION 3.5 PROTECTION OF TRUST ESTATE. The Issuer intends the security
interest Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of this Indenture in favor of the
Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, to be prior
to all other liens in respect of the Collateral, and the Issuer shall take all
actions necessary to obtain and maintain, in favor of the Trustee, for the
benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, a first lien on and a first
priority, perfected security interest in the Collateral, subject to the
Intercreditor Agreement. In addition, the Issuer intends the security interest
Granted pursuant to Granting Clause II of this Indenture in favor of the
Trustee, for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note
Purchasers, to be prior to all other liens in respect of the Pledged Subordinate
Securities, and the Issuer shall take all actions necessary to obtain and
maintain, in favor of the Trustee, for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders
and the Class B Note Purchasers, a first lien on and a first priority, perfected
security interest in the Pledged Subordinate Securities. Furthermore, the Issuer
intends the security interest Granted pursuant to Granting Clause III of this
Indenture in favor of the Bear Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Class B
noteholders and the Class B note purchasers under the Bear Basic Documents, to
be prior to all other liens in respect of the UBS Cross Collateral (other than
the Lien granted in Granting Clause I of this Indenture and subject to the
Intercreditor Agreement), and the Issuer shall take all actions necessary to
obtain and maintain, in favor of the Bear Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of
the Class B noteholders and the Class B note purchasers under the Bear Basic
Documents, a second lien on and a second priority, perfected security interest
in the UBS Cross Collateral (subject only to the Lien Granted in Granting Clause
I of this Indenture and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement). The Issuer will
from time to time prepare (or shall cause to be prepared), execute and deliver
all such supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing statements,
continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other instruments,
and will take such other action necessary or advisable to:

                  (i) Grant more effectively all or any portion of the Trust
         Estate;

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

                  (ii) maintain or preserve each lien and security interest (and
         the priority thereof) in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the
         applicable Noteholders and the applicable Note Purchasers created by
         this Indenture or carry out more effectively the purposes hereof;

                  (iii) maintain or preserve each lien and security interest
         (and the priority thereof) in favor of the Bear Indenture Trustee for
         the benefit of the Class B noteholders and the Class B note purchasers
         under the Bear Basic Documents created by this Indenture or carry out
         more effectively the purposes hereof;

                  (iv) perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of any
         Grant made or to be made by this Indenture;

                  (v) enforce (A) subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, any of
         the Collateral on behalf of the Noteholders or the Note Purchasers, or
         (B) any of the Pledged Subordinate Securities on behalf of the Class B
         Noteholders or the Class B Note Purchasers, or (C) subject to the
         Intercreditor Agreement, the UBS Cross Collateral on behalf of the
         Class B noteholders or the Class B note purchasers under the Bear Basic
         Documents;

                  (vi) preserve and defend title to (A) subject to the
         Intercreditor Agreement, the Collateral and the rights of the Trustee,
         the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in such Collateral against the
         claims of all persons and parties; (B) the Pledged Subordinate
         Securities and the rights of the Trustee, the Class B Noteholders and
         the Class B Note Purchasers in such Pledged Subordinate Securities
         against the claims of all persons and parties; and (C) subject to the
         Intercreditor Agreement, the UBS Cross Collateral and the rights of the
         Bear Indenture Trustee, the Class B noteholders and the Class B note
         purchasers under the Bear Basic Documents in such UBS Cross Collateral
         against the claims of all persons and parties (other than the Lien
         Granted pursuant to Clause I of this Indenture); and

                  (vii) pay all taxes or assessments levied or assessed upon the
         Trust Estate when due; provided that no Available Funds may be used to
         pay taxes or assessments levied or assessed upon that portion of the
         Trust Estate consisting of the Pledged Subordinate Securities and no
         Class B Available Funds may be used to pay taxes or assessments levied
         or assessed upon that portion of the Trust Estate consisting of the
         Collateral.

         The Issuer hereby designates the Trustee its agent and attorney-in-fact
to execute any financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument
required by the Trustee pursuant to this Section.

         Subject to Section 4.5 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Issuer
hereby authorizes the Controlling Note Purchaser, the Trustee and their
respective agents to file such financing statements and continuation statements
and take such other actions as the Controlling Note Purchaser or the Trustee may
deem advisable in connection with the security interest in the Collateral
Granted by the Issuer under Granting Clause I of this Indenture to the extent
permitted by applicable law. In addition, the Issuer hereby authorizes the Class
B Note Purchasers, the Trustee and their respective agents to file such
financing statements and continuation statements and take such other actions as
the Class B Note Purchasers or the Trustee may deem advisable in connection with
the security interest in the Pledged Subordinate Securities Granted by the
Issuer under Granting Clause II of this Indenture to the extent permitted by
applicable law. Furthermore, subject to the terms and provisions of the
Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer hereby authorizes the Bear Indenture Trustee
and the Class B note purchasers under the Bear Basic Documents and their
respective agents to file such financing statements and continuation statements
and take such other actions as the Bear Indenture Trustee or such Class B note
purchasers may deem advisable in connection with the security interest in the
UBS Cross Collateral Granted by the Issuer under Granting Clause III of this
Indenture to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the prior
Lien of Granting Clause I of this Indenture. Any such financing statements and
continuation statements shall be prepared by the Issuer.

         SECTION 3.6 OPINIONS AS TO TRUST ESTATE.

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

         (a) On the Class B Closing Date, the Issuer shall furnish to the
Trustee and each Note Purchaser an Opinion of Counsel either stating that, in
the opinion of such counsel, such action has been taken with respect to the
recording and filing of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto, and
any other requisite documents, and with respect to the execution and filing of
any financing statements and continuation statements, as are necessary to
perfect and make effective (i) the first priority lien and security interest in
favor of the Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note
Purchasers, created by Granting Clause I of this Indenture in the Receivables
and such other items of Collateral, (ii) the first priority lien and first
priority perfected security interest in favor of the Trustee, for the benefit of
the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers, created by Granting
Clause II of this Indenture in the Pledged Subordinate Securities, and (iii) the
second priority lien and second priority security interest in favor of the Bear
Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Class B noteholders and the Class B
note purchasers under the Bear Basic Documents, created by Granting Clause III
of this Indenture (subject only to the Lien Granted in Granting Clause I of this
Indenture) in the UBS Cross Collateral (collectively, the "Opinion Collateral")
and reciting the details of such action, or stating that, in the opinion of such
counsel, no such action is necessary to make such lien and security interest
effective.

         (b) Within 90 days after the beginning of each calendar year, beginning
in 2007, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser, the Bear
Indenture Trustee and each Class B note purchaser under the Bear Basic Documents
an Opinion of Counsel either stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, such
action has been taken with respect to the recording, filing, re-recording and
refiling of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto and any other
requisite documents and with respect to the execution and filing of any
financing statements and continuation statements as are necessary to maintain
the liens and security interests created by this Indenture in the Opinion
Collateral and reciting the details of such action or stating that in the
opinion of such counsel no such action is necessary to maintain such liens and
security interests. Such Opinion of Counsel shall also describe any action
necessary (as of the date of such opinion) to be taken in the following year to
maintain the liens and security interests of this Indenture in the Opinion
Collateral.

         SECTION 3.7 PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS; SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES. The
Issuer will not take any action and will use its best efforts not to permit any
action to be taken by others that would release any Person from any of such
Person's material covenants or obligations under any instrument or agreement
included in the Trust Estate or that would result in the amendment,
hypothecation, subordination, termination or discharge of or impair the validity
or effectiveness of, any such instrument or agreement, except as ordered by any
bankruptcy or other court or as expressly provided in this Indenture, the other
Basic Documents or such other instrument or agreement.

         (a) The Issuer may contract with other Persons to assist it in
performing its duties under this Indenture, and any performance of such duties
by a Person identified to the Trustee in an Officer's Certificate of the Issuer
shall be deemed to be action taken by the Issuer. Initially, the Issuer has
contracted with the Servicer to assist the Issuer in performing its duties under
this Indenture.

         (b) The Issuer will punctually perform and observe all of its
obligations and agreements contained in this Indenture, the other Basic
Documents and in the instruments and agreements included in the Trust Estate,
including but not limited to preparing (or causing to be prepared) and filing
(or causing to be filed) all UCC financing statements and continuation
statements required to be filed by the terms of this Indenture and the other
Basic Documents in accordance with and within the time periods provided for
herein and therein. Except as otherwise expressly provided therein, the Issuer
shall not waive, amend, modify, supplement or terminate any Basic Document or
any provision thereof.

         (c) If a responsible officer of the Issuer shall have written notice or
actual knowledge of the occurrence of a Default, an Event of Default, a Class B
Default, a Class B Event of Default, a Servicer Termination Event or Funding
Termination Event, the Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee, the Note
Purchasers and the Noteholders thereof in accordance with SECTION 11.4, and
shall specify in such notice the action, if any, the Issuer is taking in respect
of such default. If a Servicer Termination Event or Funding Termination Event
shall arise from the failure of the Servicer to perform any of its duties or
obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement with respect to the
Receivables, the Issuer shall take all reasonable steps available to it to
remedy such failure.

                                      -16-
<PAGE>

         (d) The Issuer agrees that it shall not have any right to waive, and
shall not waive, timely performance or observance by the Servicer, the Purchaser
or the Seller of their respective duties under the Basic Documents except in
accordance with the terms thereof.

         SECTION 3.8 NEGATIVE COVENANTS. So long as any class of Notes is
Outstanding, the Issuer shall not:

                  (i) except as expressly permitted by this Indenture or the
         other Basic Documents, sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of
         any of the properties or assets of the Issuer, including those included
         in the Trust Estate, unless directed to do so by the Majority
         Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class and the Controlling Note
         Purchaser or the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class and
         the Controlling Note Purchaser (or with respect to the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities, the Class B Majority Noteholders, or with
         respect to the UBS Cross Collateral (subject to the Intercreditor
         Agreement), the Class B majority noteholders under the Bear Basic
         Documents) have approved such disposition;

                  (ii) claim any credit on, or make any deduction from the
         principal or interest payable in respect of, the Notes (other than
         amounts properly withheld from such payments under the Code) or assert
         any claim against any Note Purchaser or any present or former
         Noteholders by reason of the payment of the taxes levied or assessed
         upon any part of the Trust Estate; or

                  (iii) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Indenture,
         the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Basic Document to be impaired;
         or

                  (iv) (A) permit the lien created by this Indenture on the
         Collateral in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders
         and the Note Purchasers to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated,
         terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any
         covenants or obligations under this Indenture or any other Basic
         Document except as may be expressly permitted hereby or thereby, (B)
         permit any Lien (other than the lien of this Indenture and the other
         Basic Documents) to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon
         or burden any Collateral, or any part thereof or any interest therein
         or the proceeds thereof (other than tax liens, mechanics' liens and
         other liens that arise by operation of law, in each case on a Financed
         Vehicle and arising solely as a result of an action or omission of the
         related Obligor), (C) permit the lien of this Indenture not to
         constitute a valid first priority (other than with respect to any such
         tax, mechanics' or other similar lien) perfected security interest in
         any portion of the Collateral; or

                  (v) (A) permit the lien created by this Indenture on the
         Pledged Subordinate Securities in favor of the Trustee for the benefit
         of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers to be
         amended, hypothecated, subordinated (other than with respect to any
         such tax, mechanics' or other similar lien), terminated or discharged,
         or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations
         under this Indenture or any other Basic Document except as may be
         expressly permitted hereby or thereby, (B) permit any Lien (other than
         the lien of this Indenture and the other Basic Documents) to be created
         on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden any Pledged
         Subordinate Securities, or any part thereof or any interest therein or
         the proceeds thereof (other than tax liens, mechanics' liens and other
         liens that arise by operation of law, in each case on a Financed
         Vehicle and arising solely as a result of an action or omission of the
         related Obligor), (C) permit the lien of this Indenture not to
         constitute a valid first priority perfected security interest in any
         portion of the Pledged Subordinate Securities (other than with respect
         to any such tax, mechanics' or other similar lien); or

                  (vi) subject in each case to the terms and provisions of the
         Intercreditor Agreement, (A) permit the lien created by this Indenture
         on the UBS Cross Collateral in favor of the Bear Indenture Trustee for
         the benefit of the Class B noteholders and the Class B note purchasers
         under the Bear Basic Documents to be amended, hypothecated,
         subordinated (other than with respect to any such tax, mechanics' or
         other similar lien or the lien Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of
         this Indenture), terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be
         released from any covenants or obligations under this Indenture or any
         other Basic Document except as may be expressly permitted hereby or
         thereby, (B) permit any Lien (other than the lien of this Indenture and
         the other Basic Documents) to be created on or extend to or otherwise

                                      -17-
<PAGE>

         arise upon or burden any UBS Cross Collateral, or any part thereof or
         any interest therein or the proceeds thereof (other than tax liens,
         mechanics' liens and other liens that arise by operation of law, in
         each case on a Financed Vehicle and arising solely as a result of an
         action or omission of the related Obligor), (C) permit the lien of this
         Indenture not to constitute a valid second priority perfected security
         interest in any portion of the UBS Cross Collateral (subject only to
         any such tax, mechanics' or other similar lien and the lien Granted
         pursuant to Granting Clause I of this Indenture); or

                  (vii) amend or modify the provisions of any of the Basic
         Documents except in accordance with the terms thereof.

         SECTION 3.9 ANNUAL STATEMENT AS TO COMPLIANCE. The Issuer will deliver
to the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers on or before March 31 of
each year, beginning March 31, 2007, an Officer's Certificate, dated as of
December 31 of the preceding year, stating, as to the Authorized Officer signing
such Officer's Certificate, that:

                  (i) a review of the activities of the Issuer during the
         preceding year and of performance under this Indenture has been made
         under such Authorized Officer's supervision; and

                  (ii) to the best of such Authorized Officer's knowledge, based
         on such review, the Issuer has complied with all conditions and
         covenants under this Indenture throughout such year and no event has
         occurred and is continuing which is, or after notice or lapse of time
         or both would become, an Event of Default, or a Class B Event of
         Default, or, if there has been a default in the compliance of any such
         condition or covenant, specifying each such default known to such
         Authorized Officer and the nature and status thereof.

         SECTION 3.10 ISSUER MAY CONSOLIDATE, ETC. Only with Consent. The Issuer
shall not consolidate or merge with or into any other Person, or convey or
transfer all or substantially all of its properties to any Person without the
prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class.

         SECTION 3.11 SUCCESSOR OR TRANSFEREE. Upon any consolidation or merger
of the Issuer with the prior written consent of the Note Purchasers and the
Majority Noteholders of each class of Notes in accordance with SECTION 3.10, the
Person formed by or surviving such consolidation or merger (if other than the
Issuer) shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right
and power of, and be obligated to meet the requirements of the Issuer under this
Indenture and the other Basic Documents with the same effect as if such Person
had been named as the Issuer herein.

         (b) Upon a conveyance or transfer of all the assets and properties of
the Issuer with the prior written consent of the Note Purchasers and the
Majority Noteholders of each class of Notes in accordance with Section 3.10, the
Issuer will be released from every covenant and agreement of this Indenture to
be observed or performed on the part of the Issuer with respect to the Notes
immediately upon the delivery of written notice to the Trustee, the Note
Purchasers and the Noteholders stating that the Issuer is to be so released.

         SECTION 3.12 NO OTHER BUSINESS. The Issuer will not at any time engage
in any other business activities than the purchase of the Receivables and the
Other Conveyed Property, pledging the Receivables and the other Collateral to
the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant
to Granting Clause I of the Indenture, pledging the Pledged Subordinate
Securities to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B Note Purchasers and the
Class B Noteholders pursuant to Granting Clause II of the Indenture, pledging
the UBS Cross Collateral, subject to the Intercreditor Agreements, to the Bear


                                      -18-
<PAGE>

Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B
noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents pursuant to Granting Clause III of
the Indenture, transferring the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property in
connection with Securitization Transactions and in connection with whole-loan
sales, acquiring the Pledged Subordinate Securities in connection with
Securitization Transactions, issuing the Notes and other activities relating to
the foregoing to the extent permitted by the organizational documents of the
Issuer as in effect on the date hereof, or as amended with the prior written
consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser. Without limitation of the foregoing,
the Issuer will not at any time be an issuer of securities other than the Notes
or a borrower under any loan or financing agreement, facility or other
arrangement other than the facilities established pursuant to this Agreement and
the other Basic Documents.

         SECTION 3.13 NO BORROWING. The Issuer shall not issue, incur, assume,
guarantee or otherwise become liable, directly or indirectly, for any
Indebtedness except for (i) the Notes, and (ii) any other Indebtedness permitted
by or arising under the Basic Documents. The proceeds of the Notes shall be used
solely to fund the Issuer's purchase of the Related Receivables and the other
assets specified in the Sale and Servicing Agreement and to pay the Issuer's
organizational, transactional and start-up expenses.

         SECTION 3.14 SERVICER'S OBLIGATIONS. The Issuer shall cause the
Servicer to comply with Sections 4.9, 4.10, 4.11 and 5.9 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

         SECTION 3.15 GUARANTEES, LOANS, ADVANCES AND OTHER LIABILITIES. Except
as contemplated by the Basic Documents, the Issuer shall not make any loan or
advance or credit to, or guarantee (directly or indirectly or by an instrument
having the effect of assuring another's payment or performance on any obligation
or capability of so doing or otherwise), endorse or otherwise become
contingently liable, directly or indirectly, in connection with the obligations,
stocks or dividends of, or own, purchase, repurchase or acquire (or agree
contingently to do so) any stock, obligations, assets or securities of, or any
other interest in, or make any capital contribution to, any other Person.

         SECTION 3.16 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. The Issuer shall not make any
expenditure (by long-term or operating lease or otherwise) for capital assets
(either realty or personalty).

         SECTION 3.17 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. The Issuer shall comply with the
requirements of all applicable laws, including, without limitation, Consumer
Laws.

         SECTION 3.18 RESTRICTED PAYMENTS. The Issuer shall not, directly or
indirectly, (i) pay any dividend or make any distribution (by reduction of
capital or otherwise), whether in cash, property, securities or a combination
thereof, to any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or otherwise with
respect to any ownership or equity interest or security in or of the Issuer,
(ii) redeem, purchase, retire or otherwise acquire for value any such ownership
or equity interest or security or (iii) set aside or otherwise segregate any
amounts for any such purpose; provided, however, that the Issuer may make, or
cause to be made, distributions to the Trustee and to any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer as permitted by, and to the extent funds are available
for such purpose from distributions under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The
Issuer will not, directly or indirectly, make payments to or distributions from
the Collection Account and the other Pledged Accounts except in accordance with
this Indenture and the other Basic Documents.

         SECTION 3.19 NOTICE OF EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND FUNDING TERMINATION
EVENTS. Upon a responsible officer of the Issuer having notice or actual


                                      -19-
<PAGE>

knowledge thereof, the Issuer agrees to give each of the Trustee, each Note
Purchaser and the Noteholders prompt written notice of each Event of Default
hereunder and each Funding Termination Event, Servicer Termination Event, Class
B Event of Default, Class B Default or other Default on the part of the Issuer,
the Servicer, the Purchaser or the Seller of its obligations under any Basic
Document.

         SECTION 3.20 FURTHER INSTRUMENTS AND ACTS. Upon request of the Trustee,
any Note Purchaser or the Majority Noteholders of a Class of Notes, the Issuer
will execute and deliver such further instruments and do such further acts as
may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purpose
of this Indenture and the other Basic Documents. SECTION 3.21 Amendments of Sale
and Servicing Agreement. The Issuer shall not agree to any amendment to Section
11.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement to eliminate any requirements
thereunder that the Trustee, the Controlling Note Purchaser, the Note Purchaser
of an affected class of Notes, or the Majority Noteholders of an affected class
of Notes consent to amendments thereto as provided therein.

         SECTION 3.22 INCOME TAX CHARACTERIZATION. It is the intent of the
Issuer and the Noteholders that, for Federal, state and local income and
franchise tax purposes, the Notes will evidence indebtedness of the Issuer
secured by the Collateral (and the Pledged Subordinate Securities, in the case
of the Class B Notes). Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, agrees to
treat such Note for Federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes
as indebtedness of the Issuer.

         SECTION 3.23 SEPARATE EXISTENCE OF THE ISSUER. During the term of the
Indenture, the Issuer shall observe and comply with the applicable legal
requirements for the recognition of the Issuer as a legal entity separate and
apart from its Affiliates, including without limitation, those requirements set
forth in Section 9(b) of the LLC Agreement.

         SECTION 3.24 AMENDMENT OF ISSUER'S ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS. During the
term of the Indenture, the Issuer shall not amend the LLC Agreement except in
accordance with the provisions thereof and with the prior written consent of the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class.

         SECTION 3.25 OTHER AGREEMENTS. The Issuer shall not enter into any
agreement that does not contain non-petition or limited recourse language
acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser with respect to the Issuer.

         SECTION 3.26 RULE 144A INFORMATION. At any time when the Issuer is not
subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, upon the request of a Noteholder, the Issuer shall promptly furnish to
such Noteholder or to a prospective purchaser of a Note designated by such
Noteholder, as the case may be, the information required to be delivered
pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A Information")
in order to permit compliance by such Noteholder with Rule 144A in connection
with the resale of a Note by such Noteholder; provided, however, that the Issuer
shall not be required to furnish Rule 144A Information in connection with any
request made on or after the date which is three years from the later of (i) the
most recent renewal of the term of the applicable Commitment pursuant to Section
2.05 of the applicable Note Purchase Agreement, (ii) the date such Note (or any
predecessor Note) was acquired from the Issuer or (iii) the date such Note (or
any predecessor Note) was last acquired from an "affiliate" of the Issuer within

                                      -20-
<PAGE>

the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act; and provided further that the
Issuer shall not be required to furnish such information at any time to a
prospective purchaser located outside of the United States who is not a "United
States Person" within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act if
such Note may then be sold to such prospective purchaser in accordance with Rule
904 under the Securities Act (or any successor provision thereto).

         SECTION 3.27 CHANGE OF CONTROL. CPS will and shall at all times be the
legal and beneficial owner of all of the issued and outstanding membership
interests of the Issuer.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                           SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

         SECTION 4.1 SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE.

         (a) This Indenture shall cease to be of further effect with respect to
the Class A Notes except as to (i) rights of registration of transfer and
exchange, (ii) substitution of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Class A
Notes, (iii) rights of the Class A Noteholders to receive payments of principal
thereof and interest thereon and rights of the Class A Note Purchaser to receive
payments in respect of amounts owed by the Issuer to the Class A Note Purchaser
under the Basic Documents, (iv) SECTIONS 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 3.8, 3.10, 3.11,
3.18, 3.19, 3.20, 3.21, 3.23, 3.24 and 11.17, (v) the rights, obligations and
immunities of the Trustee hereunder (including the rights of the Trustee under
SECTION 6.7 and the obligations of the Trustee under Section 4.2) and (vi) the
rights of the Class A Noteholders and the Class A Note Purchaser as
beneficiaries hereof with respect to the property so deposited with the Trustee
payable to all or any of them, and the Trustee, on demand of and at the expense
of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and
discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Class A Notes, when:

                  (i) the Class A Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered
         (other than (i) Class A Notes that have been destroyed, lost or stolen
         and that have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.6 and (ii)
         Class A Notes for which payment money has theretofore been deposited in
         trust or segregated and held in trust by the Issuer and thereafter
         repaid to the Issuer or discharged from such trust, as provided in
         Section 3.3) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;

                  (ii) the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all Secured
         Obligations in respect of the Class A Notes and all other amounts due
         and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders
         pursuant to the Basic Documents; and

                  (iii) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee, the Class A
         Noteholders and the Class A Note Purchaser an Officer's Certificate
         meeting the applicable requirements of Section 11.1(a) and stating that
         all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the
         satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with.

         (b) This Indenture shall cease to be of further effect with respect to
the Class B Notes except as to (i) rights of registration of transfer and
exchange, (ii) substitution of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Class B
Notes, (iii) rights of the Class B Noteholders to receive payments of principal
thereof and interest thereon and rights of each Class B Note Purchaser to
receive payments in respect of amounts owed by the Issuer to each Class B Note
Purchaser under the Basic Documents, (iv) SECTIONS 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 3.8,
3.10, 3.11, 3.18, 3.19, 3.20, 3.21, 3.23, 3.24 and 11.17, (v) the rights,
obligations and immunities of the Trustee hereunder (including the rights of the
Trustee under SECTION 6.7 and the obligations of the Trustee under SECTION 4.2)
and (vi) the rights of the Class B Noteholders and each Class B Note Purchaser
as beneficiaries hereof with respect to the property so deposited with the
Trustee payable to all or any of them, and the Trustee, on demand of and at the
expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Class B Notes,
when:

                                      -21-
<PAGE>

                  (i) the Class B Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered
         (other than (i) Class B Notes that have been destroyed, lost or stolen
         and that have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.6 and (ii)
         Class B Notes for which payment money has theretofore been deposited in
         trust or segregated and held in trust by the Issuer and thereafter
         repaid to the Issuer or discharged from such trust, as provided in
         Section 3.3) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;

                  (ii) the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all Secured
         Obligations in respect of each class of Notes (and all Bear Secured
         Obligations in the case of the Class B Notes) and all other amounts due
         and owing to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders under the Basic
         Documents; and

                  (iii) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee, the Class B
         Noteholders and each Class B Note Purchaser an Officer's Certificate
         meeting the applicable requirements of Section 11.1(a) and stating that
         all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the
         satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with.

         SECTION 4.2 APPLICATION OF TRUST MONEY. All moneys deposited with the
Trustee pursuant to SECTION 4.1 or SECTION 4.3 hereof shall be held in trust and
applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes, this Indenture
and the other Basic Documents, to the payment, either directly or through the
Note Paying Agent, as the Trustee may determine, to the applicable Noteholders
and the applicable Note Purchasers for the payment or redemption of which such
moneys have been deposited with the Trustee, of all sums due and to become due
thereon for principal and interest (in the case of the Noteholders) and all sums
due and payable by the Issuer under the Basic Documents (in the case of any Note
Purchaser); but such moneys need not be segregated from other funds except to
the extent required herein, in the Sale and Servicing Agreement or in the other
Basic Documents or required by law. Any funds remaining with the Trustee or on
deposit in the Pledged Accounts following the repayment in full of the Notes,
the other Secured Obligations, the termination of the Commitments, the payment
in full of the Notes and all other amounts owed to the Noteholders, the Note
Purchasers, Trustee and Backup Servicer under the Basic Documents, and the
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, shall be remitted to the Deposit
Account.

         SECTION 4.3 Repayment of Moneys Held by Note Paying Agent. In
connection with the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to
a class of Notes, all moneys then held by the Note Paying Agent other than the
Trustee under the provisions of this Indenture with respect to such class of
Notes shall, upon demand of the Issuer, be remitted to the Trustee to be held
and applied according to SECTION 4.2 and thereupon the Note Paying Agent shall
be released from all further liability with respect to such moneys.

                                    ARTICLE V

                                    REMEDIES

         SECTION 5.1 EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

         (a) "EVENT OF DEFAULT", wherever used herein, means any one of the
following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it
shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant
to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation
of any administrative or governmental body):

                                      -22-
<PAGE>

                  (i) default in the payment of (A) any interest on the Highest
         Priority Class of Notes or any other amount (except principal) due with
         respect to the Highest Priority Class of Notes or (B) any amount in
         excess of $50,000 due to the Controlling Note Purchaser pursuant to the
         Basic Documents, when the same becomes due and payable, which default
         continues for a period of two (2) days;

                  (ii) default in the payment of the principal of or any
         installment of the principal of the Highest Priority Class of Notes
         when the same becomes due and payable;

                  (iii) default in the observance or performance of any covenant
         or agreement of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer
         made in any Basic Document (other than a covenant or agreement, a
         default in the observance or performance of which is elsewhere in this
         Section specifically dealt with and other than the failure by the
         Seller or the Servicer to repurchase any Receivable in accordance with
         the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement), or any representation
         or warranty of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer
         made in any Basic Document or any Original Basic Document or in any
         certificate or other writing delivered pursuant to any Basic Document
         or Original Basic Document or in connection therewith (including any
         Servicer's Certificate or any Borrowing Base Certificate with respect
         to the Highest Priority Class) proving to have been incorrect in any
         material respect as of the time when the same shall have been made or
         deemed to have been made, and such default shall continue or not be
         cured within 30 days from written notice by the Controlling Note
         Purchaser or a Noteholder of the Highest Priority Class, or the
         circumstance or condition in respect of which such misrepresentation or
         warranty was incorrect shall not have been eliminated or otherwise
         cured within 30 days from written notice by the Noteholders of the
         Highest Priority Class or the Controlling Note Purchaser; provided that
         no breach shall be deemed to occur hereunder in respect of any
         representation or warranty relating to eligibility of any Receivable on
         the Class A Closing Date, the Class B Closing Date or any related
         Funding Date to the extent the Seller has repurchased such Receivable
         in accordance with the provisions of the Sale and Servicing Agreement;

                  (iv) the failure by the Seller or the Servicer to repurchase
         any Receivable in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing
         Agreement;

                  (v) an Insolvency Event with respect to the Issuer, the Seller
         or the Servicer shall have occurred;

                  (vi) a Borrowing Base Deficiency with respect to the Highest
         Priority Class shall exist and not be cured within two (2) Business
         Days;

                  (vii) the Internal Revenue Service shall file notice of a Lien
         pursuant to Section 6323 of the Code with regard to any assets of the
         Issuer or any material portion of the assets of the Seller and such
         Lien shall not have been released within 30 days, or the Pension
         Benefit Guaranty Corporation shall file notice of a Lien pursuant to
         Section 4068 of ERISA with regard to any of the assets of the Issuer or
         the Seller and such Lien shall not have been released within 30 days;

                  (viii) (a) any Basic Document or any Lien granted thereunder
         by the Issuer or the Seller shall (except in accordance with its
         terms), in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease
         to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the
         Issuer or the Seller; or (b) the Issuer or the Seller or any other
         party shall, directly or indirectly, contest in any manner such
         effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability of any Basic
         Document;

                  (ix) a Servicer Termination Event shall have occurred;

                  (x) the Issuer or the Seller shall fail to pay any principal
         of or premium or interest on any indebtedness having a principal amount
         of $250,000 or $1,000,000, respectively, or greater when the same
         becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required
         prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) and such failure shall
         continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the
         agreement or instrument relating to such indebtedness; or any other
         default under any agreement or instrument relating to any such
         indebtedness of the Issuer or the Seller, as applicable, or any other


                                      -23-
<PAGE>

         event, shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace
         period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument if the effect
         of such default or event is to accelerate, or to permit the
         acceleration of, the maturity of such indebtedness; or any such
         indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable or required to be
         prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment),
         redeemed, purchased or defeased, or an offer to prepay, redeem,
         purchase or defease such indebtedness shall be required to be made, in
         each case, prior to the stated maturity thereof;

                  (xi) a Change of Control or a Material Adverse Change (in the
         reasonable opinion of the Controlling Note Purchaser) shall have
         occurred with respect to the Issuer or the Seller;

                  (xii) the Issuer shall become an investment company required
         to be registered under the Investment Company Act;

                  (xiii) any final judgment or ruling shall have been rendered
         against, or any settlement entered into by, the Seller or any
         subsidiary thereof, excluding the Issuer, which judgment, ruling or
         settlement exceeds, in the aggregate, $6,000,000 or any final judgment
         or ruling shall have been rendered against the Issuer; provided, in
         either case, that such final judgment, ruling or settlement shall have
         remained unpaid, and enforcement thereof shall have remained unstayed
         and unbonded, for a period in excess of 30 days from the date of entry
         of such judgment or ruling or the date of effectiveness of such
         settlement;

                  (xiv) the Trustee shall for any reason fail to have a first
         priority perfected security interest in the Collateral for the benefit
         of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers; or

                  (xv) any Basic Document shall be terminated or cease to be in
         full force or effect; provided, however, in the case of a termination
         of any Lockbox Agreement, an Event of Default shall occur only upon the
         failure of the Seller or the Issuer to obtain a successor lockbox
         arrangement reasonably acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser
         within thirty (30) days of such termination.

         (b) The Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and
each Noteholder, within two days after the occurrence thereof, written notice in
the form of an Officer's Certificate of any Event of Default which has occurred
or any event which either with the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or
both, would become an Event of Default, its status and what action the Issuer is
taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

         (c) After the earlier of the receipt of notice by the Trustee and the
date of actual knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee of the
occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder, the Trustee shall give
prompt written notice to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder of each such
Default or Event of Default hereunder so known to the Trustee.

         SECTION 5.2 RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT. If an Event of Default or a
Class A Funding Termination Event specified in clauses (i) through (iii) of the
definition thereof shall have occurred and be continuing, the Trustee may, and
at the direction of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders
of the Highest Priority Class shall, and with respect to an Event of Default
pursuant to Section 5.1(a)(v) hereof, the Trustee shall declare the Notes to be
immediately due and payable at par, together with accrued interest thereon
(calculated for these purposes using the applicable Default Applicable Margin).
In addition, if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the
Trustee may, and at the direction of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the
Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class shall, exercise any of the
remedies specified in Section 5.4.

         At any time after such declaration of acceleration of maturity has been
made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been
obtained by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Article V provided, the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class may, by written notice to the Issuer and the Trustee, rescind and annul
such declaration and its consequences if the Issuer has paid or deposited with
the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay:

                                      -24-
<PAGE>

                  (i) all payments of principal of and interest (calculated for
         these purposes using the applicable Default Applicable Margin) on the
         Notes, all amounts due to the Note Purchasers under the Basic
         Documents, and all other amounts that would then be due hereunder, upon
         the Notes or under the Basic Documents if the Event of Default giving
         rise to such acceleration had not occurred; and

                  (ii) all sums paid or advanced by the Trustee hereunder and
         the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of
         the Trustee and its agents and counsel; and

                  (iii) all Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of the
         principal of the Notes that has become due solely by such acceleration,
         have been cured or waived as provided in Section 5.13.

         No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or impair any
right consequent thereto.

         SECTION 5.3 COLLECTION OF INDEBTEDNESS AND SUITS FOR ENFORCEMENT BY
TRUSTEE.

         (a) The Issuer covenants that if (i) default is made in the payment of
any interest on, or principal of, the Notes, or any amount due from the Issuer
to any Note Purchaser under the Basic Documents, when the same becomes due and
payable, the Issuer will, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to the Trustee, for
the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, as applicable, the whole
amount then due and payable on the Notes for principal and interest, with
interest upon the overdue principal, and, to the extent payment at such rate of
interest shall be legally enforceable, upon overdue installments of interest, at
the applicable Note Interest Rate, all other amounts due and owing by the Issuer
under the Basic Documents and, in each case, in addition thereto such further
amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection,
including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of
the Trustee and its agents and counsel.

         (b) If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in
its discretion subject to the prior written consent of the Controlling Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class and shall,
at the direction of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders
of the Highest Priority Class, proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the
rights of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders by such appropriate
Proceedings as the Trustee, the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class shall deem most effective to protect
and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any
covenant or agreement in this Indenture, any other Basic Document or in aid of
the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy
or legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by this Indenture, any other
Basic Document or by law.

         (c) [RESERVED].

         (d) In case there shall be pending, relative to the Issuer or any other
obligor upon the Notes or any Person having or claiming an ownership interest in
the Trust Estate or any portion thereof, proceedings under Title 11 of the
United States Code or any other applicable Federal or state bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in
bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall
have been appointed for or taken possession of the Issuer or its property or
such other obligor or Person, or in case of any other comparable judicial
proceedings relative to the Issuer or other obligor upon the Notes, or to the
creditors or property of the Issuer or such other obligor, the Trustee,
irrespective of whether the principal of the Notes shall then be due and payable
as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether
the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this
Section, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or
otherwise:

                  (i) to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount
         of principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Notes and
         the whole amount then due to the Note Purchasers under the Basic
         Documents and to file such other papers or documents as may be
         necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee
         (including any claim for reasonable compensation to the Trustee and
         each predecessor Trustee, and their respective agents, attorneys and
         counsel, and for reimbursement of all expenses and liabilities


                                      -25-
<PAGE>

         incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and each predecessor
         Trustee, except as a result of negligence, bad faith or willful
         misconduct) and of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders allowed in
         such proceedings;

                  (ii) unless prohibited by applicable law and regulations, to
         vote on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in any
         election of a trustee, a standby trustee or person performing similar
         functions in any such proceedings;

                  (iii) to collect and receive any moneys or other property
         payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute all amounts
         received with respect to the claims of the Noteholders, the Note
         Purchasers and of the Trustee on their behalf; and

                  (iv) to file such proofs of claim and other papers or
         documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims
         of the Trustee, the Note Purchasers or the Noteholders allowed in any
         judicial proceedings relative to the Issuer, its creditors and its
         property;

and any trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official in
any such proceeding is hereby authorized by the Noteholders and each Note
Purchaser to make payments to the Trustee, and, in the event that the Trustee
shall consent to the making of payments directly to the Noteholders or the Note
Purchasers, to pay to the Trustee such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
reasonable compensation to the Trustee, each predecessor Trustee and their
respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and all other expenses and liabilities
incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee
except as a result of negligence or bad faith.

         (e) Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee
to authorize or consent to or vote for or accept or adopt on behalf of any
Noteholder or any Note Purchaser any plan of reorganization, arrangement,
adjustment or composition affecting any class of the Notes or the rights of any
Noteholder or any Note Purchaser or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect
of the claim of any Noteholder or any Note Purchaser in any such proceeding
except, as aforesaid, to vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or
similar person.

         (f) All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture,
any other Basic Document or under the Notes, may be enforced by the Trustee
without the possession of the Notes or the production thereof in any trial or
other proceedings relative thereto, and any such action or proceedings
instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an
express trust, and any recovery of judgment, subject to the payment of the
expenses, disbursements and compensation of the Trustee, each predecessor
Trustee and their respective agents and attorneys, shall be for the benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

         (g) In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and also any proceedings
involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture or any other
Basic Document), the Trustee shall be held to represent the Note Purchasers and
the Noteholders, and it shall not be necessary to make the Note Purchasers or
the Noteholders a party to any such proceedings. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing contained in this Indenture shall be deemed to prohibit a Note Purchaser
or a Noteholder from representing itself in any such action or proceeding.

         SECTION 5.4 REMEDIES.

         (a) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class may do one or more of the following (subject to SECTION 5.5):

                  (i) institute or direct the Trustee to institute Proceedings
         in its own name and as trustee of an express trust for the collection
         of all amounts then payable by the Issuer under any Basic Document, on
         the Notes or under this Indenture with respect thereto, and all amounts
         due and owing to any Noteholder or any Note Purchaser pursuant to the
         Basic Documents, whether by declaration or otherwise, enforce any
         judgment obtained, and collect from the Issuer and any other obligor
         upon the Notes or such other obligations moneys adjudged due;

                                      -26-
<PAGE>

                  (ii) institute or direct the Trustee to institute Proceedings
         from time to time for the complete or partial foreclosure of this
         Indenture with respect to the Collateral;

                  (iii) exercise or direct the Trustee to exercise any remedies
         of a secured party under the UCC with respect to the Collateral and
         take any other appropriate action to protect and enforce the rights and
         remedies of the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders under
         the Basic Documents; and

                  (iv) sell or direct the Trustee to sell the Collateral or any
         portion thereof or rights or interest therein, at one or more public or
         private sales (including, without limitation, the sale of the
         Collateral in connection with a securitization thereof) called and
         conducted in any manner permitted by law,

         in each case without giving consideration to whether the proceeds of
any such sale shall be sufficient to pay amounts due and owing to the Class B
Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents.

         (b) If a Class B Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Majority Noteholders may
do one or more of the following, subject in each case to the terms and
provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement:

                  (i) institute or direct the Trustee to institute Proceedings
         from time to time for the complete or partial foreclosure of this
         Indenture solely with respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities;

                  (ii) exercise or direct the Trustee to exercise any remedies
         of a secured party under the UCC solely with respect to the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities and take any other appropriate action to protect
         and enforce the rights and remedies of the Trustee, the Class B Note
         Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders under the Basic Documents solely
         with respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities; and

                  (iii) sell or direct the Trustee to sell the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities or any portion thereof or rights or interest
         therein, at one or more public or private sales called and conducted in
         any manner permitted by law.

         (c) If a Class B Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, the Class B note purchasers and the Class B majority noteholders
under the Bear Basic Documents may do one or more of the following, subject in
each case to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement:

                  (i) institute or direct the Bear Indenture Trustee to
         institute Proceedings from time to time for the complete or partial
         foreclosure of this Indenture solely with respect to the UBS Cross
         Collateral;

                  (ii) exercise or direct the Bear Indenture Trustee to exercise
         any remedies of a secured party under the UCC solely with respect to
         the UBS Cross Collateral and take any other appropriate action to
         protect and enforce the rights and remedies of the Class B note
         purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents
         solely with respect to the UBS Cross Collateral; and

                  (iii) sell or direct the Bear Indenture Trustee to sell the
         UBS Cross Collateral or any portion thereof or rights or interest
         therein, at one or more public or private sales called and conducted in
         any manner permitted by law.

         SECTION 5.5 OPTIONAL PRESERVATION OF THE RECEIVABLES. If the Notes have
been declared to be due and payable under Section 5.2 following an Event of
Default and such declaration and its consequences have not been rescinded and
annulled, the Trustee may, but need not, elect to maintain possession of the
Collateral with the prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and
the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class. It is the desire of the


                                      -27-
<PAGE>

parties hereto and the Noteholders that there be at all times sufficient funds
for the payment of principal of and interest on the Notes, and, subject to the
Intercreditor Agreement, the Trustee shall take such desire into account when
determining whether or not to maintain possession of the Collateral. In
determining whether to maintain possession of the Collateral, the Trustee may,
but need not, obtain and rely upon an opinion of an Independent investment
banking or accounting firm of national reputation as to the feasibility of such
proposed action and as to the sufficiency of the Collateral for such purpose.

         SECTION 5.6 PRIORITIES.

         (a) If the Trustee collects any money or property in respect of the
Collateral pursuant to this Article V, it shall pay out the money or property in
the following order of priority:

                  (i) FIRST: to the Trustee for amounts due under Section 6.7;

                  (ii) SECOND: to the Class A Noteholders for amounts due and
         unpaid on the Class A Notes in respect of interest (including any
         premium), ratably, without preference or priority of any kind,
         according to the amounts due and payable on the Class A Notes in
         respect of interest (including any premium);

                  (iii) THIRD: to the Class A Noteholders for amounts due and
         unpaid on the Class A Notes in respect of principal, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and
         payable on the Class A Notes in respect of principal, until the
         outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes is reduced to zero;

                  (iv) FOURTH: to the Class A Note Purchaser for any amounts due
         and owing thereto under the Basic Documents;

                  (v) FIFTH: to the Class A Noteholders, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, for any amounts due and owing
         thereto under the Basic Documents;

                  (vi) SIXTH: to the Class B Noteholders for amounts due and
         unpaid on the Class B Notes in respect of interest (including any
         premium), ratably, without preference or priority of any kind,
         according to the amounts due and payable on the Class B Notes in
         respect of interest (including any premium);

                  (vii) SEVENTH: to the Class B Noteholders for amounts due and
         unpaid on the Class B Notes in respect of principal, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and
         payable on the Class B Notes in respect of principal, until the
         outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes is reduced to zero;

                  (viii) EIGHTH: to each Class B Note Purchaser, ratably,
         without preference or priority of any kind, for any amounts due and
         owing thereto under the Basic Documents;

                  (ix) NINTH: to the Class B Noteholders, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, for any amounts due and owing
         thereto under the Basic Documents;

                  (x) TENTH: to the Bear Indenture Trustee for the benefit of
         the Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the Bear
         Basic Documents, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind,
         for any amounts due and owing thereto in respect of the Bear Secured
         Obligations; and

                  (xi) ELEVENTH: any excess amounts remaining after making the
         payments described in clauses FIRST through TENTH above, to be applied
         as Available Funds pursuant to Section 5.7(a) of the Sale and Servicing
         Agreement to the extent that any amounts payable thereunder have not
         been previously paid pursuant to clauses FIRST through TENTH above.

                                      -28-
<PAGE>

         (b) If the Trustee collects any money or property in respect of the
Pledged Subordinate Securities pursuant to this Article V, it shall pay out the
money or property in the following order of priority:

                  (i) FIRST: to the Class B Noteholders for amounts due and
         unpaid on the Class B Notes in respect of interest (including any
         premium), ratably, without preference or priority of any kind,
         according to the amounts due and payable on the Class B Notes in
         respect of interest (including any premium);

                  (ii) SECOND: to the Class B Noteholders for amounts due and
         unpaid on the Class B Notes in respect of principal, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and
         payable on the Class B Notes in respect of principal, until the
         outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes is reduced to zero;

                  (iii) THIRD: to each Class B Note Purchaser, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, for any amounts due and owing
         thereto under the Basic Documents;

                  (iv) FOURTH: to the Class B Noteholders, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, for any amounts due and owing
         thereto under the Basic Documents;

                  (v) FIFTH: to the Bear Indenture Trustee for the benefit of
         the Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the Bear
         Basic Documents, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind,
         for any amounts due and owing thereto in respect of the Bear Secured
         Obligations; and

                  (vi) SIXTH: any excess amounts remaining after making the
         payments described in clauses FIRST through FIFTH above, to be applied
         as Class B Available Funds pursuant to Section 5.7(b) of the Sale and
         Servicing Agreement to the extent that any amounts payable thereunder
         have not been previously paid pursuant to clauses FIRST through FIFTH
         above.

         (c) The Trustee may fix a record date and Settlement Date for any
payment to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant to this Section. At
least 15 days before such record date the Trustee shall mail to the Issuer, each
Note Purchaser and each Noteholder a notice that states such record date, the
Settlement Date and the amount to be paid.

         SECTION 5.7 LIMITATION OF SUITS.

         (a) The Controlling Note Purchaser shall have the right to institute
any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for
the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, in
each case with respect to the Collateral or the UBS Cross Collateral, provided,
that:

                  (i) the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class
         have previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing
         Event of Default;

                  (ii) the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class
         have made a written request to the Trustee to institute such proceeding
         in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee
         hereunder;

                  (iii) the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class
         have offered to the Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it
         against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in complying
         with such request; and

                                      -29-
<PAGE>

                  (iv) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice,
         request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute such
         proceedings;

it being understood and intended that no Holder of a Note shall have any right
in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this
Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder of the
Notes or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other
Holder or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner
provided herein or in the other Basic Documents, in each case subject to the
Intercreditor Agreement, and it being understood that if a Note is held by the
Controlling Note Purchaser or an Affiliate thereof, the Holder may directly
institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture,
or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy.

         (b) The Class B Note Purchasers shall have the right to institute any
proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the
appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, in each
case solely with respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities and the Class B
Available Funds, provided, that:

                  (i) the Class B Majority Noteholders have previously given
         written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Class B Event of Default;

                  (ii) the Class B Majority Noteholders have made a written
         request to the Trustee to institute such proceeding in respect of such
         Class B Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder;

                  (iii) the Class B Majority Noteholders have offered to the
         Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs,
         expenses and liabilities to be incurred in complying with such request;
         and

                  (iv) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice,
         request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute such
         proceedings;

it being understood and intended that no Holder of a Class B Note shall have any
right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of
this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder or
to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other Holder or
to enforce any right under this Indenture, in each case solely with respect to
the Pledged Subordinate Securities, except in the manner provided herein or in
the other Basic Documents and it being understood that if a Class B Note is held
by the Controlling Note Purchaser or an Affiliate thereof, the Holder may
directly institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this
Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other
remedy.

         (c) Only the Bear Indenture Trustee shall have the right to institute
any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for
the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, in
each case solely with respect to the UBS Cross Collateral and subject to the
prior Lien thereon Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of this Indenture and
to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, provided, that:

                  (i) the Class B majority noteholders under the Bear Basic
         Documents shall have previously given written notice to the Bear
         Indenture Trustee of a continuing Class B Event of Default pursuant to
         the Bear Basic Documents;

                  (ii) the Class B majority noteholders under the Bear Basic
         Documents shall have made a written request to the Bear Indenture
         Trustee to institute such proceeding in respect of such Class B Event
         of Default in its own name as Bear Indenture Trustee thereunder;

                  (iii) the Class B majority noteholders under the Bear Basic
         Documents shall have offered to the Bear Indenture Trustee indemnity
         reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and
         liabilities to be incurred in complying with such request; and

                                      -30-
<PAGE>

                  (iv) the Bear Indenture Trustee for 60 days after its receipt
         of such notice, request and offer of indemnity shall have has failed to
         institute such proceedings;

it being understood and intended that no Class B noteholder under the Bear Basic
Documents shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by
availing of, any provision of this Indenture, any other Basic Document or any
Bear Basic Document to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other
Class B noteholder under the Bear Basic Documents or to obtain or to seek to
obtain priority or preference over any other Class B noteholder under the Bear
Basic Documents or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the
manner provided herein, in the other Basic Documents or in the Bear Basic
Documents.

         SECTION 5.8 UNCONDITIONAL RIGHTS OF THE NOTEHOLDERS TO RECEIVE
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture,
(i) each Noteholder shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional,
to receive payment of the applicable Percentage Interest of principal of and
interest, if any, on such Note on or after the respective due dates thereof
expressed in such Note or in this Indenture in accordance with the priorities
specified in Section 5.8 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and Section 5.6(a)
of this Indenture, and (ii) each Note Purchaser shall have the right, which is
absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of all amounts owed to it by the
Issuer under the Basic Documents when the same shall become due (in accordance
with the priorities specified in Section 5.8 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement
and Section 5.6(a) of this Indenture), and, in each case, to institute suit for
the enforcement of any such payment, and such right shall not be impaired
without the consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, as applicable.

         SECTION 5.9 RESTORATION OF RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. If any Note Purchaser
or any Noteholder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy
under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for
any reason or has been determined adversely to the Trustee, such Note Purchaser
or to such Noteholder, then and in every such case the Issuer, the Trustee, such
Note Purchaser and such Noteholder shall, subject to any determination in such
Proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to their former positions
hereunder, and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee, such Note
Purchaser and such Noteholder shall continue as though no such proceeding had
been instituted.

         SECTION 5.10 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. No right or remedy herein
conferred upon or reserved to any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder is intended
to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall,
to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other
right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in
equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy
hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or
employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

         SECTION 5.11 DELAY OR OMISSION NOT A WAIVER. No delay or omission of
any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy accruing
upon any Default, Event of Default, Class B Default or Class B Event of Default
shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such
Default, Event of Default, Class B Default or Class B Event of Default or an
acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article V or by law
to the Trustee, any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder may be exercised from time
to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee, such Note
Purchaser or such Noteholder, as the case may be.

         SECTION 5.12 [RESERVED].

         SECTION 5.13 WAIVER OF PAST DEFAULTS. Prior to the declaration of the
acceleration of the maturity of the Notes as provided in Section 5.2, the


                                      -31-
<PAGE>

Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class may waive any past Default or Event of Default and its consequences except
a Default or Event of Default (i) in payment of principal of or interest on the
Highest Priority Class of Notes or (ii) in respect of a covenant or provision
hereof which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each affected
Note Purchaser and each affected Noteholder. In the case of any such waiver, the
Issuer, the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders shall be restored
to their former positions and rights hereunder, respectively; but no such waiver
shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair
any right consequent thereto.

         Upon any such waiver, such Default or Event of Default shall cease to
exist and be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred, and any Event
of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured and not to have
occurred, for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend
to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right
consequent thereto.

         SECTION 5.14 UNDERTAKING FOR COSTS. Each of the Issuer and the Trustee
agrees, and each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a
Note, shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion
require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this
Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or
omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an
undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and that such court may in its
discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and
good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; but the
provisions of this Section shall not apply to (a) any suit instituted by the
Trustee, (b) any suit instituted by any Note Purchaser or Noteholders holding in
the aggregate more than 10% of Percentage Interests of any class of Notes or (c)
any suit instituted by the Noteholders for the enforcement of the payment of
principal of or interest on the Notes on or after the respective due dates
expressed in the Notes and in this Indenture.

         SECTION 5.15 WAIVER OF STAY OR EXTENSION LAWS. The Issuer covenants (to
the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon,
or plead or in any manner whatsoever, claim or take the benefit or advantage of,
any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in
force, that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and
the Issuer (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives
all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not hinder,
delay or impede the execution of any power and any right of the Issuer to take
such action shall be suspended.

         SECTION 5.16 SALE OF TRUST ESTATE.

         (a) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Trustee shall not in
any private sale sell to a third party the Collateral, or any portion thereof
pursuant to Section 5.4(a)(iv) unless,

                  (i) the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
         Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class consent to or direct the
         Trustee in writing to make such sale; or

                  (ii) the proceeds of such sale would be not less than the sum
         of (x) all amounts due on the entire unpaid principal amount of each
         class of Notes and interest due or to become due thereon in accordance
         with Section 5.6(a) hereof on the Settlement Date next succeeding the
         date of such sale and (y) all amounts due the Note Purchasers and the
         Noteholders under the Basic Documents.

         The Trustee shall act upon the direction of the Controlling Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class pursuant to
Section 5.16(a)(i) without giving consideration to whether the proceeds of any
such sale shall be sufficient to pay amounts due and owing to the Class B Note
Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents.

                                      -32-
<PAGE>

         (b) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Trustee shall not in
any private sale sell to a third party the Pledged Subordinate Securities, or
any portion thereof pursuant to Section 5.4(b)(iii) unless,

                  (i) the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Majority
         Noteholders consent to or direct the Trustee in writing to make such
         sale; or

                  (ii) the proceeds of such sale would be not less than the sum
         of (x) all amounts due on the entire unpaid principal amount of the
         Class B Notes and interest due or to become due thereon in accordance
         with Section 5.6(b) hereof on the Settlement Date next succeeding the
         date of such sale and (y) all amounts due the Class B Note Purchasers
         and the Class B Noteholders under the Basic Documents.

         (c) To the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the prior
Lien Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of this Indenture and to the terms
and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Bear Indenture Trustee shall
not in any private sale sell to a third party the UBS Cross Collateral, or any
portion thereof pursuant to Section 5.4(c)(iii) unless,

                  (i) the Class B note purchasers and the Class B majority
         noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents consent to or direct the
         Bear Indenture Trustee in writing to make such sale; or

                  (ii) the proceeds of such sale would be not less than the sum
         of (x) all amounts due on the entire unpaid principal amount of the
         Class B notes under the Bear Basic Documents and interest due or to
         become due thereon in accordance with Section 5.6(b) hereof on the
         Settlement Date next succeeding the date of such sale and (y) all
         amounts due the Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders
         under the Bear Basic Documents.

         (d) For any public sale of the Trust Estate pursuant to Section
5.4(a)(iv) or 5.4(b)(iii), the Trustee shall have provided the applicable Note
Purchasers, the applicable Noteholders and the Bear Indenture Trustee, if
applicable, with notice of such sale at least two weeks in advance of such sale
which notice shall specify the date, time and location of such sale. For any
public sale of the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.4(c)(iii), the Bear
Indenture Trustee shall have provided the Class B note purchasers and the Class
B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents with notice of such sale at least
two weeks in advance of such sale which notice shall specify the date, time and
location of such sale.

         (e) In connection with a sale of all or any portion of the Collateral
pursuant to Section 5.4(a)(iv):

                  (i) any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder may bid for and
         purchase the property offered for sale, and may hold, retain, possess
         and dispose of such property, without further accountability, and (x)
         any Noteholder of the Highest Priority Class may, in paying the
         purchase money therefor, deliver in lieu of cash any Outstanding Note
         of the Highest Priority Class or claims for interest thereon for credit
         in the amount that shall, upon distribution of the net proceeds of such
         sale, be payable thereon, and the Note of the Highest Priority Class so
         delivered shall be cancelled and extinguished except that, in case the
         amounts so payable thereon shall be less than the amount due thereon,
         such Note shall be returned to the related Noteholder after being
         appropriately stamped to show such partial payment and (y) the
         Controlling Note Purchaser may, in paying the purchase money therefor,
         set-off against any amount owed to it by the Issuer under the Basic
         Documents;

                  (ii) the Trustee shall execute and deliver an appropriate
         instrument of conveyance transferring its interest in any portion of
         the Collateral in connection with a sale thereof; and

                  (iii) the Trustee is hereby irrevocably appointed the agent
         and attorney-in-fact of the Issuer to transfer and convey its interest
         in any portion of the Collateral in connection with a sale thereof, and
         to take all action necessary to effect such sale.

         (f) In connection with a sale of all or any portion of the Pledged
Subordinate Securities pursuant to Section 5.4(b)(iii):

                                      -33-
<PAGE>

                  (i) any Class B Note Purchaser or any Class B Noteholder may
         bid for and purchase the property offered for sale, and may hold,
         retain, possess and dispose of such property, without further
         accountability, and (x) any Class B Noteholder may, in paying the
         purchase money therefor, deliver in lieu of cash any Outstanding Class
         B Note or claims for interest thereon for credit in the amount that
         shall, upon distribution of the net proceeds of such sale, be payable
         thereon, and the Class B Note so delivered shall be cancelled and
         extinguished except that, in case the amounts so payable thereon shall
         be less than the amount due thereon, such Class B Note shall be
         returned to the related Class B Noteholder after being appropriately
         stamped to show such partial payment and (y) any Class B Note Purchaser
         may, in paying the purchase money therefor, set-off against any amount
         owed to it under the Basic Documents;

                  (ii) the Trustee shall execute and deliver an appropriate
         instrument of conveyance transferring its interest in any portion of
         the Pledged Subordinate Securities in connection with a sale thereof;
         and

                  (iii) the Trustee is hereby irrevocably appointed the agent
         and attorney-in-fact of the Issuer to transfer and convey its interest
         in any portion of the Pledged Subordinate Securities in connection with
         a sale thereof, and to take all action necessary to effect such sale.

         (g) In connection with a sale of all or any portion of the UBS Cross
Collateral pursuant to Section 5.4(c)(iii), subject to the prior Lien Granted
pursuant to Granting Clause I of this Indenture and to the terms and provisions
of the Intercreditor Agreement:

                  (i) any Class B note purchaser or any Class B noteholder under
         the Bear Basic Documents may bid for and purchase the property offered
         for sale, and may hold, retain, possess and dispose of such property,
         without further accountability, and (x) any Class B noteholder under
         the Bear Basic Documents may, in paying the purchase money therefor,
         deliver in lieu of cash any outstanding Class B note issued under the
         Bear Basic Documents or claims for interest thereon for credit in the
         amount that shall, upon distribution of the net proceeds of such sale,
         be payable thereon, and the Class B note so delivered shall be
         cancelled and extinguished except that, in case the amounts so payable
         thereon shall be less than the amount due thereon, such Class B note
         shall be returned to the related Class B noteholder after being
         appropriately stamped to show such partial payment and (y) any Class B
         note purchaser under the Bear Basic Documents may, in paying the
         purchase money therefor, set-off against any amount owed to it under
         the Bear Basic Documents;

                  (ii) the Bear Indenture Trustee shall execute and deliver an
         appropriate instrument of conveyance transferring its interest in any
         portion of the UBS Cross Collateral in connection with a sale thereof;
         and

                  (iii) the Bear Indenture Trustee is hereby irrevocably
         appointed the agent and attorney-in-fact of the Issuer to transfer and
         convey its interest in any portion of the UBS Cross Collateral in
         connection with a sale thereof, and to take all action necessary to
         effect such sale.

         (h) The method, manner, time, place and terms of any sale of all or any
portion of the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.4(a)(iv), Section 5.4(b)(iii)
or Section 5.4(c)(iii) or otherwise shall be commercially reasonable.

         SECTION 5.17 CONSEQUENCES OF A TFC FUNDING TERMINATION EVENT. Upon a
responsible officer of the Issuer having notice or actual knowledge thereof, the
Issuer agrees to give the Trustee, the Class A Noteholders and the Class A Note
Purchaser prompt written notice of any TFC Funding Termination Event. Upon the
occurrence and continuation of a TFC Funding Termination Event, the Class A Note
Purchaser and the Class A Majority Noteholders may terminate CPS and TFC as the
Servicer and subservicer, respectively, of the TFC Receivables, and direct the
Trustee to sell the TFC Receivables or any portion thereof or rights or interest
therein, at one or more public or private sales (including, without limitation,


                                      -34-
<PAGE>

the sale of the TFC Receivables in connection with a securitization thereof)
called and conducted in any manner permitted by applicable law. The proceeds of
any such sale shall be applied as Available Funds pursuant to Section 5.7(a) or
Section 5.7(c) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, as applicable. Upon the
occurrence of a TFC Funding Termination Event, no future Advance may be made
with respect to a TFC Receivable.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                   THE TRUSTEE

         SECTION 6.1 DUTIES OF TRUSTEE. If an Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise the rights and powers vested in it by
this Indenture and the other Basic Documents and use the same degree of care and
skill in their exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the
circumstances in the conduct of such person's own affairs.

         (a) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:

                  (i) the Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only
         such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture and each of
         the other Basic Documents to which it is a party (and, solely with
         respect to any of its rights, obligations or remedies with respect to
         any Bear Cross Collateral for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders
         and the Class B Note Purchasers, such duties as are specified with
         respect thereto in the Bear Basic Documents (including, without
         limitation, the Bear Intercreditor Agreement)) and no implied covenants
         or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee;
         and

                  (ii) in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may
         conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the
         correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or
         opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of
         this Indenture; however, the Trustee shall examine the certificates and
         opinions to determine whether or not they conform on their face to the
         requirements of this Indenture.

         (b) The Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own
negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful
misconduct, except that:

                  (i) this paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b)
         of this Section; and

                  (ii) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment
         made in good faith by a Responsible Officer unless it is proved that
         the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.

         (c) The Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received
by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Issuer.

         (d) Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from
other funds except to the extent required by law or the terms of this Indenture
or the Sale and Servicing Agreement. (e) No provision of this Indenture shall
require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial
liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise
of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds to believe
that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or
liability is not reasonably assured to it.

         (f) Every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or
affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee shall be
subject to the provisions of this Section.

         (g) The Trustee shall permit any representative of any Note Purchaser
or any Noteholder, during the Trustee's normal business hours, to examine all
books of account, records, reports and other papers of the Trustee relating to
the Notes and the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents, to make


                                      -35-
<PAGE>

copies and extracts therefrom and to discuss the Trustee's affairs and actions,
as such affairs and actions relate to the Trustee's duties with respect to the
Notes and the Note Purchasers, with the Trustee's officers and employees
responsible for carrying out the Trustee's duties with respect to the Notes and
the Note Purchasers.

         (h) The Trustee shall, and hereby agrees that it will, perform all of
the obligations and duties required of it under the other Basic Documents and,
solely with respect to any of its rights, obligations or remedies with respect
to any Bear Cross Collateral for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the
Class B Note Purchasers, such duties as are specified with respect thereto in
the Bear Basic Documents (including, without limitation, the Bear Intercreditor
Agreement).

         (i) Except for actions expressly authorized by this Indenture, the
Trustee shall take no action reasonably likely to impair the security interests
created or existing under any Receivable or Financed Vehicle or to impair the
value of any Receivable or Financed Vehicle.

         (j) All information obtained by the Trustee regarding the Obligors and
the Receivables, whether upon the exercise of its rights under this Indenture or
otherwise, shall be maintained by the Trustee in confidence and shall not be
disclosed to any other Person, other than the Trustee's attorneys, accountants
and agents unless such disclosure is required by this Indenture or any
applicable law or regulation.

         SECTION 6.2 RIGHTS OF TRUSTEE. Subject to Sections 6.1 and this Section
6.2, the Trustee shall be protected and shall incur no liability to the Issuer,
any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder in relying upon the accuracy, acting in
reliance upon the contents, and assuming the genuineness of any notice, demand,
certificate, signature, instrument or other document reasonably believed by the
Trustee to be genuine and to have been duly executed by the appropriate
signatory, and, except to the extent the Trustee has actual knowledge to the
contrary or as required pursuant to Section 6.1 the Trustee shall not be
required to make any independent investigation with respect thereto.

         (a) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an
Officer's Certificate. Subject to Section 6.1(c), the Trustee shall not be
liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on the
Officer's Certificate.

         (b) The Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or
perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or
attorneys or a custodian or nominee, and the Trustee shall not be responsible
for any misconduct or negligence on the part of, or for the supervision of the
Servicer, the Backup Servicer or any other such agent, attorney, custodian or
nominee appointed with due care by it hereunder.

         (c) The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to
take in good faith which it believes to be authorized or within its rights or
powers; provided, however, that the Trustee's conduct does not constitute
willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith.

         (d) The Trustee may consult with counsel, and the advice or opinion of
counsel with respect to legal matters relating to this Indenture, the other
Basic Documents and the Notes shall be full and complete authorization and
protection from liability in respect to any action taken, omitted or suffered by
it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such
counsel.

         (e) The Trustee shall be under no obligation to institute, conduct or
defend any litigation under this Indenture or in relation to this Indenture, at
the request, order or direction of any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder,
pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture, unless such Note Purchaser and/or
such Noteholder, as applicable, shall have offered to the Trustee reasonable
security or indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities that may be
incurred therein or thereby; provided, however, that the Trustee shall, upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default (that has not been cured), exercise the rights
and powers vested in it by this Indenture in accordance with Section 6.1.

                                      -36-
<PAGE>

         (f) The Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the
facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, bond or other paper
or document, unless requested in writing to do so by the Controlling Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class; provided,
however, that if the payment within a reasonable time to the Trustee of the
costs, expenses or liabilities likely to be incurred by it in the making of such
investigation is, in the opinion of the Trustee, not reasonably assured to the
Trustee by the security afforded to it by the terms of this Indenture or the
Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Trustee may require reasonable indemnity
against such cost, expense or liability as a condition to so proceeding; the
reasonable expense of every such examination shall be paid by the Person making
such request, or, if paid by the Trustee, shall be reimbursed by the Person
making such request upon demand.

         SECTION 6.3 INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS OF TRUSTEE. The Trustee in its individual
or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of a Note and may
otherwise deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates with the same rights it would
have if it were not the Trustee. Any Note Paying Agent, Note Registrar,
co-registrar or co-paying agent may do the same with like rights. However, the
Trustee must comply with Section 6.11.

         SECTION 6.4 TRUSTEE'S DISCLAIMER. The Trustee shall not be responsible
for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this
Indenture, the Trust Estate, the Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities,
the UBS Cross Collateral or the Notes, it shall not be accountable for the
Issuer's use of the proceeds from the Notes, and it shall not be responsible for
any statement of the Issuer in the Indenture or in any document issued in
connection with the sale of the Notes or in the Notes other than the Trustee's
certificate of authentication.

         SECTION 6.5 NOTICE OF DEFAULTS. If an Event of Default occurs and is
continuing and if it is either known by, or written notice of the existence
thereof has been delivered to, a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee
shall mail to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder a notice of the Default
within three (3) Business Days after such knowledge or notice occurs. Except in
the case of a Default in payment of principal of or interest on any class of
Notes (including payments pursuant to the mandatory redemption provisions of
such class of Notes, if any) or a default in payment of any other amount due and
owing to any Noteholder or any Note Purchaser pursuant to the Basic Documents,
the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as a committee of its
Responsible Officers in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in
the interests of the Noteholders.

         SECTION 6.6 REPORTS BY TRUSTEE TO THE NOTEHOLDERS. The Trustee shall on
behalf of the Issuer deliver to the Noteholders and each Note Purchaser such
information as may be reasonably required to enable the Noteholders and the Note
Purchasers to prepare their respective Federal and State income tax returns.

         SECTION 6.7 COMPENSATION AND INDEMNITY. Pursuant to Section 5.7(a) of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Issuer shall pay to the Trustee from time
to time compensation for its services. The Trustee's compensation shall not be
limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuer
shall reimburse the Trustee, pursuant and subject to Section 5.7(a) of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement, for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred or
made by it, including costs of collection, in addition to the compensation for
its services. Such expenses shall include the reasonable compensation and
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee's agents, counsel,
accountants and experts. The Issuer shall or shall cause the Servicer to
indemnify the Trustee against any and all loss, liability or expense incurred by
the Trustee without willful misfeasance, negligence or bad faith on its part
arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or the administration of

                                      -37-
<PAGE>

this trust and the performance of its duties hereunder, including the costs and
expenses of defending itself against any claim or liability in connection
therewith. The Trustee shall notify the Issuer and the Servicer promptly of any
claim for which it may seek indemnity. Failure by the Trustee to so notify the
Issuer and the Servicer shall not relieve the Issuer of its obligations
hereunder or the Servicer of its obligations under Article XII of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement. The Trustee may have separate counsel and the Issuer shall
or shall cause the Servicer to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such
counsel. Neither the Issuer nor the Servicer need reimburse any expense or
indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by the Trustee through
the Trustee's own willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith.

         (b) The Issuer's payment obligations to the Trustee pursuant to this
Section shall survive the discharge of this Indenture. When the Trustee incurs
expenses after the occurrence of a Default specified in Section 5.1(a)(v) with
respect to the Issuer, the expenses are intended to constitute expenses of
administration under Title 11 of the United States Code or any other applicable
Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law. Notwithstanding anything
else set forth in this Indenture or the other Basic Documents, the recourse of
the Trustee hereunder and under the other Basic Documents specifically shall not
be recourse to the assets of any Noteholder or any Note Purchaser.

         SECTION 6.8 Replacement of Trustee. The Issuer may, with the consent of
the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class, and at the request of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the
Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class shall, remove the Trustee if:

                  (i) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 6.11 or the
         Trustee fails to perform any other material covenant or agreement of
         the Trustee set forth in the Basic Documents to which the Trustee is a
         party and such failure continues for 45 days after written notice of
         such failure from a Note Purchaser or a Noteholder;

                  (ii) an Insolvency Event with respect to the Trustee occurs;
         or

                  (iii) the Trustee otherwise becomes incapable of acting.

         If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the
office of Trustee for any reason (the Trustee in such event being referred to
herein as the retiring Trustee), the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor
Trustee acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class. If the Issuer fails to appoint such a
successor Trustee, the Controlling Note Purchaser and/or the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class may appoint a successor Trustee.

         A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its
appointment to the retiring Trustee, each Note Purchaser, each Noteholder and
the Issuer, whereupon, the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall
become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers
and duties of the retiring Trustee under this Indenture. The retiring Trustee
shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor
Trustee.

         If a successor Trustee does not take office within 60 days after the
retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee, the Issuer, the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a
successor Trustee.

         Any resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a
successor Trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section shall not
become effective until acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee
pursuant to SECTION 6.8.

         Notwithstanding the replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this
Section, the Issuer's and the Servicer's obligations under Section 6.7 shall
continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee.

         SECTION 6.9 SUCCESSOR TRUSTEE BY MERGER. If the Trustee consolidates
with, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all its


                                      -38-
<PAGE>

corporate trust business or assets to, another corporation or banking
association, the resulting, surviving or transferee corporation without any
further act shall be the successor Trustee. The Trustee shall provide prior
written notice of any such transaction to each Noteholder and each Note
Purchaser.

         (a) In case at the time such successor or successors to the Trustee by
merger, conversion or consolidation shall succeed to the trusts created by this
Indenture the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such
successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any
predecessor trustee, and deliver the Notes so authenticated; and in case at that
time the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee
may authenticate the Notes either in the name of any predecessor hereunder or in
the name of the successor to the Trustee; and in all such cases such
certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Notes or in
this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have.

         SECTION 6.10 APPOINTMENT OF CO-TRUSTEE OR SEPARATE TRUSTEE.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, at any time, for the
purpose of meeting any legal requirement of any jurisdiction in which any part
of the Trust Estate may at the time be located, the Trustee with the consent of
the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class shall have the power and may execute and deliver all instruments
to appoint one or more Persons to act as a co-trustee or co-trustees, or
separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or any part of the Trust Estate,
and to vest in such Person or Persons, in such capacity and for the benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, such title to the Trust Estate, or any
part thereof, and, subject to the other provisions of this Section, such powers,
duties, obligations, rights and trusts as the Trustee may consider necessary or
desirable. No co-trustee or separate trustee hereunder shall be required to meet
the terms of eligibility as a successor trustee under Section 6.11 and no notice
to the Note Purchasers or the Noteholders of the appointment of any co-trustee
or separate trustee shall be required under Section 6.8 hereof.

         (a) Every separate trustee and co-trustee shall, to the extent
permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and
conditions:

                  (i) all rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or
         imposed upon the Trustee shall be conferred or imposed upon and
         exercised or performed by the Trustee and such separate trustee or
         co-trustee jointly (it being understood that such separate trustee or
         co-trustee is not authorized to act separately without the Trustee
         joining in such act), except to the extent that under any law of any
         jurisdiction in which any particular act or acts are to be performed
         the Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act or
         acts, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations
         (including the holding of title to the Trust or any portion thereof in
         any such jurisdiction) shall be exercised and performed singly by such
         separate trustee or co-trustee, but solely at the direction of the
         Trustee;

                  (ii) no trustee hereunder shall be personally liable by reason
         of any act or omission of any other trustee hereunder, including acts
         or omissions of predecessor or successor trustees; and

                  (iii) the Trustee may at any time accept the resignation of or
         remove any separate trustee or co-trustee.

         (b) Any notice, request or other writing given to the Trustee shall be
deemed to have been given to each of the then separate trustees and co-trustees,
as effectively as if given to each of them. Every instrument appointing any
separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer to this Indenture and the conditions
of this Article VI. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of
the trusts conferred, shall be vested with the estates or property specified in
its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Trustee or separately, as
may be provided therein, subject to all the provisions of this Indenture,
specifically including every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct
of, affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Trustee. Every
such instrument shall be filed with the Trustee.

                                      -39-
<PAGE>

         (c) Any separate trustee or co-trustee may at any time constitute the
Trustee, its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to the
extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this
Indenture on its behalf and in its name. If any separate trustee or co-trustee
shall die, dissolve, become insolvent, become incapable of acting, resign or be
removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall vest
in and be exercised by the Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the
appointment of a new or successor trustee.

         SECTION 6.11 ELIGIBILITY: DISQUALIFICATION. The Trustee shall have a
combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 as set forth in its most
recent published annual report of condition and subject to supervision or
examination by federal or state authorities; and having a rating, both with
respect to long-term and short-term unsecured obligations, of not less than
investment grade by Standard & Poor's or Moody's. The Trustee shall provide
copies of such reports to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder upon request.

         SECTION 6.12 [RESERVED].

         SECTION 6.13 APPOINTMENT AND POWERS. Subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers hereby appoint Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association as Trustee, custodian and bailee with respect
to the Collateral, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association hereby accepts
such appointment and agrees to act as Trustee with respect to the Collateral for
the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, to maintain custody and
possession of such Collateral (except as otherwise provided hereunder) and to
perform the other duties of the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of
this Indenture and the other Basic Documents. In addition, subject to the terms
and conditions hereof, the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers
hereby appoint Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as the Trustee with
respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities, and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to act as Trustee with
respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities for the benefit of the Class B
Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers, to maintain custody and possession
of such Pledged Subordinate Securities (except as otherwise provided hereunder)
and to perform the other duties of the Trustee in accordance with the provisions
of this Indenture and the other Basic Documents. In addition, subject to the
terms and conditions hereof, the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note
Purchasers hereby appoint Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as the Trustee
with respect to the Bear Cross Collateral, and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to act as Trustee with
respect to the Bear Cross Collateral for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders
and the Class B Note Purchasers, to exercise all rights and remedies relating to
such Bear Cross Collateral on behalf of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B
Note Purchasers (as provided herein and in the Bear Basic Documents), in each
case subject to the terms and provisions of the Bear Intercreditor Agreement,
and to perform the other duties of the Trustee in accordance with the provisions
of this Indenture and the other Basic Documents. Each Note Purchaser and each
Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, hereby authorizes the Trustee to take
such action on its behalf, and to exercise such rights, remedies, powers and
privileges hereunder, as such Note Purchaser or such Noteholder may direct and
as are specifically authorized to be exercised by the Trustee by the terms
hereof, together with such actions, rights, remedies, powers and privileges as
are reasonably incidental thereto. The Trustee shall act upon and in compliance
with the written instructions of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class delivered pursuant to this Indenture
promptly following receipt of such written instructions; provided that the
Trustee shall not act in accordance with any instructions (i) which are not
authorized by, or in violation of the provisions of, this Indenture or any
Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) which are in violation of any applicable law, rule
or regulation or (iii) for which the Trustee has not received reasonable
indemnity. Receipt of such instructions shall not be a condition to the exercise
by the Trustee of its express duties hereunder, except where this Indenture
provides that the Trustee is permitted to act only following and in accordance
with such instructions.

         SECTION 6.14 PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES. The Trustee shall have no duties or


                                      -40-
<PAGE>

responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Indenture and the
other Basic Documents to which the Trustee is a party or as directed by the
Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class or the Controlling Note
Purchaser in accordance with this Indenture and the other Basic Documents. The
Trustee shall not be required to take any discretionary actions hereunder except
(i) at the written direction of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, or (ii) in the case of discretionary
actions solely with respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities or the Bear
Cross Collateral, subject to the prior Lien Granted pursuant to Granting Clause
I of the Bear Indenture and the Bear Intercreditor Agreement, at the written
direction of the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Majority Noteholders.
The Trustee shall, and hereby agrees that it will, perform all of the duties and
obligations required of it under the Basic Documents.

         SECTION 6.15 LIMITATION ON LIABILITY. Neither the Trustee nor any of
its directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any action taken or
omitted to be taken by it or them in good faith hereunder, or in connection
herewith, except that the Trustee shall be liable for its negligence, bad faith
or willful misconduct. Notwithstanding any term or provision of this Indenture,
the Trustee shall incur no liability to the Issuer, any Note Purchaser or any
Noteholder for any action taken or omitted by the Trustee in connection with the
Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities or the UBS Cross Collateral,
except for the negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the
Trustee, and, further, shall incur no liability to any Note Purchaser or any
Noteholder except for negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in carrying
out its duties to such Note Purchaser or such Noteholder. The Trustee shall at
all times be free independently to establish to its reasonable satisfaction, but
shall have no duty to independently verify, the existence or nonexistence of
facts that are a condition to the exercise or enforcement of any right or remedy
hereunder or under any of the Basic Documents. The Trustee may consult with
counsel, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by
it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the written advice of such
counsel. The Trustee shall not be under any obligation to exercise any of the
remedial rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture or to follow any
direction from any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder unless it shall have
received reasonable security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against
the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it.

         SECTION 6.16 [RESERVED].

         SECTION 6.17 SUCCESSOR TRUSTEE.

         (a) MERGER. Any Person into which the Trustee may be converted or
merged, or with which it may be consolidated, or to which it may sell or
transfer its trust business and assets as a whole or substantially as a whole,
or any Person resulting from any such conversion, merger, consolidation, sale or
transfer to which the Trustee is a party, shall (provided it is otherwise
qualified to serve as the Trustee hereunder) be and become a successor Trustee
hereunder and be vested with all of the title to and interest in the Collateral,
the Pledged Subordinate Securities and the UBS Cross Collateral and all of the
trusts, powers, descriptions, immunities, privileges and other matters and have
all of the obligations as its predecessor without the execution or filing of any
instrument or any further act, deed or conveyance on the part of any of the
parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except to the
extent, if any, that any such action is necessary to perfect, or continue the
perfection of, the security interest of the Trustee for the benefit of the (i)
the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders in the Collateral, (ii) the Class B Note
Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders in the Pledged Subordinate Securities,
and (iii) subject to the prior Lien Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of
this Indenture and to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement,
the Bear Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and
the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents in the UBS Cross
Collateral; provided that any such successor shall also be the successor Trustee
under SECTION 6.9.

         (b) REMOVAL. The Trustee may be removed by the Controlling Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class at any
time, with or without cause, by an instrument or concurrent instruments in


                                      -41-
<PAGE>

writing delivered to the Trustee and the Issuer. A temporary successor may be
removed at any time to allow a successor Trustee to be appointed pursuant to
subsection (c) below. Any removal pursuant to the provisions of this subsection
(b) shall take effect only upon the date which is the latest of (i) the
effective date of the appointment of a successor Trustee and the acceptance in
writing by such successor Trustee of such appointment and of its obligation to
perform its duties hereunder in accordance with the provisions hereof, and (ii)
receipt by the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders of an Opinion of Counsel to
the effect described in Section 3.4.

         (c) ACCEPTANCE BY SUCCESSOR. The Controlling Note Purchaser and the
Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class shall have the sole right to
appoint each successor Trustee. Every temporary or permanent successor Trustee
appointed hereunder shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to its predecessor
and to the Trustee, the Note Purchasers, the Noteholders and the Issuer an
instrument in writing accepting such appointment hereunder and the relevant
predecessor shall execute, acknowledge and deliver such other documents and
instruments as will effectuate the delivery of all Collateral, Pledged
Subordinate Securities and UBS Cross Collateral to the successor Trustee,
whereupon such successor, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall
become fully vested with all the estates, properties, rights, powers, duties and
obligations of its predecessor. Such predecessor shall, nevertheless, on the
written request of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders
of the Highest Priority Class or the Issuer, execute and deliver an instrument
transferring to such successor all the estates, properties, rights and powers of
such predecessor hereunder. In the event that any instrument in writing from the
Issuer or the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the
Highest Priority Class is reasonably required by a successor Trustee to more
fully and certainly vest in such successor the estates, properties, rights,
powers, duties and obligations vested or intended to be vested hereunder in the
Trustee, any and all such written instruments shall at the request of the
temporary or permanent successor Trustee, be forthwith executed, acknowledged
and delivered by the Trustee or the Issuer, as the case may be. The designation
of any successor Trustee and the instrument or instruments removing any Trustee
and appointing a successor hereunder, together with all other instruments
provided for herein, shall be maintained with the records relating to the
Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities and the UBS Cross Collateral and,
to the extent required by applicable law, filed or recorded by the successor
Trustee in each place where such filing or recording is necessary to effect the
transfer of the Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities and the UBS Cross
Collateral to the successor Trustee or to protect or continue the perfection of
the security interests granted hereunder.

         SECTION 6.18 [RESERVED].

         SECTION 6.19 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE TRUSTEE. The Trustee
represents and warrants to the Issuer, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder
as follows:

         (a) The Trustee is a national banking association, duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the United States and is
duly authorized and licensed under applicable law to conduct its business as
presently conducted.

         (b) The Trustee has all requisite right, power and authority to execute
and deliver this Indenture and to perform all of its duties as Trustee
hereunder.

         (c) The execution and delivery by the Trustee of this Indenture and the
other Basic Documents to which it is a party, and the performance by the Trustee
of its duties hereunder and thereunder, have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate proceedings and no further approvals or filings, including
any governmental approvals, are required for the valid execution and delivery by
the Trustee, or the performance by the Trustee, of this Indenture and such other
Basic Documents.

         (d) The Trustee has duly executed and delivered this Indenture and each
other Basic Document to which it is a party, and each of this Indenture and each
such other Basic Document constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of
the Trustee, enforceable against the Trustee in accordance with its terms,
except as (i) such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,


                                      -42-
<PAGE>

reorganization and similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of
creditors' rights generally and (ii) the availability of equitable remedies may
be limited by equitable principles of general applicability.

         SECTION 6.20 WAIVER OF SETOFFS. The Trustee hereby expressly waives any
and all rights of setoff that the Trustee may otherwise at any time have under
applicable law with respect to any Pledged Account or Deposit Account and agrees
that amounts in the Pledged Accounts or Deposit Account shall at all times be
held and applied solely in accordance with the provisions hereof and the other
Basic Documents.

         SECTION 6.21 CONTROL BY THE CONTROLLING NOTE PURCHASER AND THE MAJORITY
NOTEHOLDERS OF THE HIGHEST PRIORITY CLASS. The Trustee shall comply with notices
and instructions given by the Issuer only if accompanied by the written consent
of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class, except that if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, the Trustee shall act upon and comply with notices and instructions
given by the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the
Highest Priority Class alone in the place and stead of the Issuer.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee shall comply with notices and
instructions given by the Issuer solely with respect to the Pledged Subordinate
Securities or the Bear Cross Collateral, subject to the Bear Intercreditor
Agreement, only if accompanied by the written consent of the Class B Note
Purchasers and the Class B Majority Noteholders.


                                   ARTICLE VII

                                   [RESERVED]


                                  ARTICLE VIII

                COLLECTION OF MONEY AND RELEASES OF TRUST ESTATE

         SECTION 8.1 COLLECTION OF MONEY. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, the Trustee may demand payment or delivery of, and shall receive and
collect, directly and without intervention or assistance of any fiscal agent or
other intermediary, all money and other property payable to or receivable by the
Trustee pursuant to this Indenture and the other Basic Documents. The Trustee
shall apply all such money received by it as provided in this Indenture, the
Sale and Servicing Agreement and the other Basic Documents. Except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Indenture or in the other Basic Documents, if any
default occurs in the making of any payment or performance under any agreement
or instrument that is part of the Trust Estate, the Trustee may take such action
as may be appropriate to enforce such payment or performance, including the
institution and prosecution of appropriate proceedings. Any such action shall be
without prejudice to any right to claim a Default or Event of Default under this
Indenture and any right to proceed thereafter as provided in Article V.

         SECTION 8.2 RELEASE OF TRUST ESTATE. Subject to the payment of its fees
and expenses pursuant to Section 6.7, the Trustee may, and when required by the
provisions of this Indenture shall, execute instruments to release property from
the lien of this Indenture, in a manner and under circumstances that are not
inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture and the other Basic
Documents. No party relying upon an instrument executed by the Trustee as
provided in this Article VIII shall be bound to ascertain the Trustee's
authority, inquire into the satisfaction of any conditions precedent or see to
the application of any moneys.

                                      -43-
<PAGE>

         (a) The Trustee shall, at such time as there are no Notes Outstanding,
all amounts due and owing to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders under any
of the Basic Documents have been paid in full, all sums due the Trustee pursuant
to Section 6.7 have been paid and the respective terms of the Commitments shall
have expired, release any remaining portion of the Trust Estate that secured the
Notes and the other obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser and the Seller to
the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents from the
lien of this Indenture and release to the Deposit Account any funds then on
deposit in the Pledged Accounts. The Trustee shall release property from the
lien of this Indenture pursuant to this Section 8.2(b) only upon receipt of an
Issuer Request accompanied by an Officer's Certificate, a copy of each of which
shall also be delivered to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder.

         OPINION OF COUNSEL. The Trustee and each Note Purchaser shall receive
at least seven days' notice when requested by the Issuer to take any action
pursuant to Section 8.2(a), accompanied by copies of any instruments involved,
and the Trustee shall also require as a condition to such action, an Opinion of
Counsel in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, stating the legal
effect of any such action, outlining the steps required to complete the same,
and concluding that all conditions precedent to the taking of such action have
been complied with and such action will not materially and adversely affect the
security for the Notes or the rights of any Note Purchaser and/or any Noteholder
in contravention of the provisions of this Indenture or any of the other Basic
Documents; provided, however, that such Opinion of Counsel shall not be required
to express an opinion as to the fair value of the Trust Estate. Counsel
rendering any such opinion may rely, without independent investigation, on the
accuracy and validity of any certificate or other instrument delivered to the
Trustee in connection with any such action.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                            SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

         SECTION 9.1 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES WITH CONSENT OF THE CONTROLLING
NOTE PURCHASER AND THE MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS OF THE HIGHEST PRIORITY CLASS.

         (a) With the prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser
and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, the Issuer and the
Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order, at any time and from time to time,
may enter into one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in form satisfactory
to the Trustee, for any of the following purposes:

                  (i) to correct or amplify the description of any property at
         any time subject to the lien of this Indenture (other than the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities), or better to assure, convey and confirm unto
         the Trustee any property subject or required to be subjected to the
         lien of this Indenture (other than the Pledged Subordinate Securities),
         or to subject to the lien of this Indenture additional property;

                  (ii) to evidence the succession, in compliance with the
         applicable provisions hereof, of another person to the Issuer, and the
         assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Issuer herein
         and in the Notes contained;

                  (iii) to add to the covenants of the Issuer, for the benefit
         of any class of Noteholders and any Note Purchaser, or to surrender any
         right or power herein conferred upon the Issuer;

                  (iv) to convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge any
         property to or with the Trustee;

                  (v) to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any
         provision herein or in any supplemental indenture which may be
         inconsistent with any other provision herein or in any supplemental
         indenture or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or
         questions arising under this Indenture or in any supplemental
         indenture; provided that such action shall not adversely affect the
         interests of any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder; or

                                      -44-
<PAGE>

                  (vi) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of the
         appointment hereunder by a successor trustee with respect to the Notes
         and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as
         shall be necessary to facilitate the administration of the trusts
         hereunder by more than one trustee, pursuant to the requirements of
         Article VI.

The Trustee is hereby authorized to join in the execution of any such
supplemental indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and
stipulations that may be therein contained.

         (b) With the prior written consent of the Class B Note Purchasers and
the Class B Majority Noteholders, the Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by
an Issuer Order, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more
indentures supplemental hereto, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, to correct
or amplify the description of the Pledged Subordinate Securities, or better to
assure, convey and confirm unto the Trustee the Pledged Subordinate Securities.
The Trustee is hereby authorized to join in the execution of any such
supplemental indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and
stipulations that may be therein contained.

         (c) With the prior written consent of the Bear Indenture Trustee, the
Class B note purchasers and the Class B majority noteholders under the Bear
Basic Documents and subject to the prior Lien Granted pursuant to Granting
Clause I of this Indenture and to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor
Agreement, the Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order, at
any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more indentures
supplemental hereto, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, to correct or amplify
the description of the UBS Cross Collateral, or better to assure, convey and
confirm unto the Trustee the UBS Cross Collateral. The Trustee is hereby
authorized to join in the execution of any such supplemental indenture and to
make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein
contained.

         (d) The Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order,
may, also with the consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, enter into an indenture or indentures
supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in
any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, this Indenture or of
modifying in any manner the rights of any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder under
this Indenture; provided, however, that such action shall not, as evidenced by
an Opinion of Counsel, adversely affect in any material respect the interests of
such Note Purchaser or such Noteholder.

         SECTION 9.2 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES WITH CONSENT OF NOTE PURCHASERS AND
NOTEHOLDERS.

         (a) The Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order,
also may, with the prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and
the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, enter into an indenture
or indentures supplemental hereto for any purpose; provided, however, that such
action shall not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel, adversely affect in any
material respect the interests of any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder;
provided, further however, that, no such supplemental indenture shall, without
the prior written consent of the affected Note Purchaser and all of the
Noteholders of a class of Notes affected thereby:

                  (i) change the date of payment of any installment of principal
         of or interest on a class of Notes or any other amount owed by the
         Issuer under the Basic Documents, or reduce the Percentage Interest
         thereof, the interest rate thereon, change the provisions of this
         Indenture relating to the application of collections on, or the
         proceeds of the sale of, the Collateral to payment of principal of or
         interest on any class of Notes or any other amount owed by the Issuer
         under the Basic Documents, or change any place of payment where, or the
         coin or currency in which, any class of Notes or the interest thereon
         or any other amount owed by the Issuer under the Basic Documents is
         payable;

                  (ii) impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of
         the provisions of this Indenture requiring the application of funds
         available therefor, as provided in ARTICLE V, to the payment of any
         such amount due on any class of Notes or any other amount owed by the
         Issuer under the Basic Documents on or after the respective due dates
         thereof;

                                      -45-
<PAGE>

                  (iii) reduce the Percentage Interest, the consent of the
         Holders of which is required for any such supplemental indenture, or
         eliminate the requirement that the applicable Note Purchaser consent
         thereto, or the consent of the Holders of which or the applicable Note
         Purchaser is required for any waiver of compliance with certain
         provisions of this Indenture or certain defaults hereunder and their
         consequences provided for in this Indenture;

                  (iv) modify or alter the provisions of the proviso to the
         definition of the term "Outstanding";

                  (v) reduce the Percentage Interest required to direct the
         Trustee to direct the Issuer to sell or liquidate the Collateral or
         eliminate the requirement that the Controlling Note Purchaser and the
         Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class so direct pursuant
         to Section 5.4(a);

                  (vi) modify any provision of this Section except to increase
         any percentage specified herein or to provide that certain additional
         provisions of this Indenture or the other Basic Documents cannot be
         modified or waived without the consent of the Controlling Note
         Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class;

                  (vii) modify any of the provisions of this Indenture in such
         manner as to affect the calculation of the amount or timing of any
         payment of (x) interest or principal due on any class of Notes on any
         Settlement Date (including the calculation of any of the individual
         components of such calculation) or (y) any amount due to any Note
         Purchaser or any Noteholder under the Basic Documents, or affect the
         rights of any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder under the Basic
         Documents or to affect the rights of any Noteholder to the benefit of
         any provisions for the mandatory redemption of any class of Notes
         contained herein; or

                  (viii) permit the creation of any Lien ranking prior to or on
         a parity with the Lien of this Indenture with respect to any part of
         the Collateral or, except as otherwise permitted or contemplated herein
         or in any of the Basic Documents, terminate the Lien of this Indenture
         on any property at any time subject hereto or deprive the Noteholders
         or a Note Purchaser of the security provided by the Lien of this
         Indenture.

         (b) The Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order,
also may, with the prior written consent of the Class B Note Purchasers and the
Class B Majority Noteholders, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental
hereto for any purpose that affects solely the rights of any Class B Note
Purchaser or any Class B Noteholder; provided, however, that such action shall
not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel, adversely affect in any respect the
interests of any Class A Note Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder; provided,
further however, that, no such supplemental indenture shall, without the prior
written consent of all of the Class B Noteholders:

                  (i) change the provisions of this Indenture relating to the
         application of collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, the
         Pledged Subordinate Securities or the Bear Cross Collateral to payment
         of principal of or interest on the Class B Notes;

                  (ii) reduce the Percentage Interest required to direct the
         Trustee to direct the Issuer to sell or liquidate the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities or eliminate the requirement that the Class B
         Note Purchasers and the Class B Majority Noteholders so direct pursuant
         to Section 5.4(b); or

                  (iii) permit the creation of any Lien ranking prior to or on a
         parity with the Lien created pursuant to Granting Clause II of this
         Indenture or, except as otherwise permitted or contemplated herein or
         in any of the Basic Documents, terminate the Lien created pursuant to
         Granting Clause II of this Indenture at any time subject hereto or
         deprive the Class B Noteholders or the Class B Note Purchasers of the
         security provided by the Lien created pursuant to Granting Clause II of
         this Indenture.

         (c) The Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order,
also may, with the prior written consent of the Bear Indenture Trustee and the
Class B note purchasers and the Class B majority noteholders under the Bear
Basic Documents, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for
any purpose that affects solely the rights of any Class B note purchaser or any


                                      -46-
<PAGE>

Class B noteholder under the Bear Basic Documents; provided, however, that such
action shall not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel, adversely affect in any
respect the interests of any Class A Note Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder;
provided, further however, that, no such supplemental indenture shall, without
the prior written consent of all of the Class B noteholders and Class B note
purchasers under the Bear Basic Documents:

                  (i) change the provisions of this Indenture relating to the
         application of collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, the UBS
         Cross Collateral to payment of principal of or interest on the Class B
         Notes;

                  (ii) reduce the Percentage Interest required to direct the
         Bear Indenture Trustee to direct the Issuer to sell or liquidate the
         UBS Cross Collateral or eliminate the requirement that the Class B note
         purchasers and the Class B majority noteholders under the Bear Basic
         Documents so direct pursuant to Section 5.4(c); or

                  (iii) subject to the Intercreditor Agreements, permit the
         creation of any Lien ranking prior to or on a parity with the Lien
         created pursuant to Granting Clause III of this Indenture (other than
         the Lien granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of this Indenture) or,
         except as otherwise permitted or contemplated herein or in any of the
         Basic Documents, terminate the Lien created pursuant to Granting Clause
         III of this Indenture at any time subject hereto or deprive the Bear
         Indenture Trustee or the Class B noteholders or the Class B note
         purchasers under the Bear Basic Documents, as applicable, of the
         security provided by the Lien created pursuant to Granting Clause III
         of this Indenture, subject to the prior Lien Granted pursuant to
         Granting Clause I of this Indenture and the terms and provisions of the
         Intercreditor Agreement.

         (d) Unless otherwise specified by the Controlling Note Purchaser, the
Trustee may determine whether or not a class of Notes would be affected by any
supplemental indenture and any such determination shall be conclusive upon the
Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, whether theretofore or thereafter
authenticated and delivered hereunder. The Trustee shall not be liable for any
such determination made in good faith.

         (e) It shall not be necessary for any Act of the Noteholders of an
affected class under this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed
supplemental indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the
substance thereof. It shall be necessary for any Act of any affected Note
Purchaser under this Section to approve the substance and particular form of any
proposed supplemental indenture.

         (f) Promptly after the execution by the Issuer and the Trustee of any
supplemental indenture pursuant to this Section, the Trustee shall mail to each
Note Purchasers and each Noteholder a copy of such supplemental indenture. Any
failure of the Trustee to mail such copy shall not, however, in any way impair
or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture.

         SECTION 9.3 EXECUTION OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES. In executing, or
permitting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture
permitted by this Article IX or the modifications thereby of the trusts created
by this Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and subject to
Sections 6.1 and 6.2, shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of
Counsel stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized
or permitted by this Indenture. The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to,
enter into any such supplemental indenture that affects the Trustee's own
rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

         SECTION 9.4 EFFECT OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE. Upon the execution of any
supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions hereof, this Indenture shall
be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith, and the
respective rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties, liabilities and
immunities under this Indenture of the Trustee, the Issuer, the Note Purchasers
and the Noteholders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced


                                      -47-
<PAGE>

hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments, and all
the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be
deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all
purposes.

                                   ARTICLE II

                        REPAYMENT AND PREPAYMENT OF NOTES

         SECTION 10.1 REPAYMENT OF THE NOTES; OPTIONAL PREPAYMENT OF THE NOTES.
If the Class A Facility Termination Date is determined in accordance with
subsection (I) of the definition thereof, the outstanding principal balance of
the Class A Notes and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon will be amortized
and shall be payable in full by the Class A Final Scheduled Settlement Date. If
the Class A Facility Termination Date is determined in accordance with
subsection (II) of the definition thereof, the Class A Facility Termination Date
will result in immediate acceleration of the Class A Notes pursuant to Section
5.2 hereof. If the Class A Facility Termination Date is determined in accordance
with subsection (III) of the definition thereof, the outstanding principal
balance of the Class A Notes and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon will be
amortized and shall be payable in full by the third Settlement Date following
the relevant anniversary of the Class A Closing Date. Subject to the prior
payment in full of the Class A Notes and any outstanding amounts due and owing
to the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders under the Basic
Documents, the outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes and all accrued
and unpaid interest thereon shall be payable in full on the Class B Facility
Termination Date and otherwise as provided in Section 3.1, the form of Class B
Note attached as Exhibit A-2, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the other
Basic Documents. The Issuer may, at its option, prepay the applicable Invested
Amount of any class of Notes, in whole or in part, at any time on any Business
Day (such day the "Prepayment Date") in accordance with this Section 10.1 and
Section 10.2; provided that no such prepayment may occur in connection with the
closing of a Securitization Transaction unless all proceeds from such
Securitization Transaction, net of any placement and/or underwriting fees, any
premiums due to the related financial guaranty insurers and any required account
deposits, are deposited into the Collection Account on the related
Securitization Closing Date and the Pledged Subordinate Securities, if any, are
delivered to the Trustee pursuant to Section 3.3(c) of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement on the related Securitization Closing Date; provided further, that no
such prepayment may occur (i) unless and until all amounts due and payable in
respect of clauses (i) through (v) of Section 5.7(a) of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement have been paid in full irrespective of whether Available Funds are
sufficient for this purpose or (ii) if, after giving effect to such prepayment
and the release of any related Collateral, a Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency
shall exist. Simultaneous with any such prepayment, the Issuer shall pay all
accrued and unpaid interest on the applicable Invested Amount to be prepaid and
all other amounts then due and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class
A Noteholders under the Basic Documents. Upon the deposit of any prepayment and
all such other amounts then due and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser and the
Class A Noteholders under the Basic Documents into the Collection Account, the
Trustee shall release the Collateral (including any UBS Cross Collateral and, in
the case of a prepayment of the Class B Notes, if no Class B Borrowing Base
Deficiency would exist after giving effect to such prepayment, the related
Pledged Subordinate Securities, if any) that is the subject of such prepayment
from the lien of this Indenture. In connection with such prepayment, the Trustee
shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon the direction of the Issuer to the
Trustee (a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit E) to release such
Collateral and UBS Cross Collateral (or Pledged Subordinate Securities, in the
case of a prepayment of the Class B Notes) as may be identified by the Issuer in
writing and consented to in writing by the Controlling Note Purchaser (in the
case of any Collateral and UBS Cross Collateral to be released) or the Class B
Note Purchaser (in the case of any Pledged Subordinate Securities to be
released) as being the subject of such prepayment upon the conditions specified
in such writing, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld. All
prepayments in part shall be in principal amounts of at least $100,000. The
Issuer shall cause any proceeds (including, without limitation, capitalized
interest amounts) that would otherwise be due and payable to the Issuer upon a
subsequent transfer of the related Receivables after a Securitization Closing
Date (any such proceeds, the "Pre-Funding Proceeds") to be deposited into the
Collection Account for distribution as Class B Available Funds pursuant to
Section 5.8(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

         SECTION 10.2 NOTICE OF PREPAYMENT. Notice of the prepayment of any
class


                                      -48-
<PAGE>

of Notes shall be given, upon the direction of the Issuer, by the Trustee by
facsimile transmission, courier or first class mail, postage prepaid, mailed,
faxed or couriered not less than five (5) days prior to the related Prepayment
Date, to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder. All notices of prepayment
shall state (i) the Prepayment Date, (ii) the applicable Invested Amount(s) to
be prepaid, (iii) the estimated accrued and unpaid interest on the applicable
Invested Amount(s) to be prepaid and (iv) any other amounts due and owing to any
Note Purchaser under the Basic Documents. Failure to give notice of prepayment,
or any defect therein, to a Noteholder or a Note Purchaser shall not impair or
affect the validity of such prepayment.

         SECTION 10.3 GENERAL PROCEDURES.

         (a) The applicable Invested Amount of a class of Notes and amounts due
to the related Note Purchasers under the Basic Documents shall not be considered
reduced by any allocation, setting aside or distribution of any portion of the
Available Funds unless such Available Funds shall have been actually paid to the
Noteholders of such class or to the related Note Purchasers, as applicable. The
applicable Invested Amount of a class of Notes and amounts due to the related
Note Purchasers by the Issuer under the Basic Documents shall not be considered
repaid by any distribution of any portion of the Available Funds if at any time
such distribution is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for any reason, in
which event, if such amount has been returned by the Noteholders of such class
or the related Note Purchasers, as applicable, such principal, interest and/or
other amount shall be reinstated in an amount equal to the amount returned by
the Noteholders of such class or the related Note Purchasers, as applicable. No
provision of this Indenture shall require the payment or permit the collection
of interest in excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law.

         (b) The applicable Class B Invested Amount and amounts due to the Class
B Note Purchasers by the Issuer under the Basic Documents shall not be
considered reduced by any allocation, setting aside or distribution of any
portion of the Class B Available Funds unless such Class B Available Funds shall
have been actually paid to the Class B Noteholders or to the Class B Note
Purchasers, as applicable. The applicable Class B Invested Amount and amounts
due to the Class B Note Purchasers by the Issuer under the Basic Documents shall
not be considered repaid by any distribution of any portion of the Class B
Available Funds if at any time such distribution is rescinded or must otherwise
be returned for any reason, in which event, if such amount has been returned by
the Class B Noteholders or the Class B Note Purchasers, as applicable, such
principal, interest and/or other amount shall be reinstated in an amount equal
to the amount returned by the Class B Noteholders or the Class B Note
Purchasers, as applicable. No provision of this Indenture shall require the
payment or permit the collection of interest in excess of the maximum permitted
by applicable law.


                                   ARTICLE III

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         SECTION 11.1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATES AND OPINIONS, ETC. Except as set
forth herein, upon any application or request by the Issuer to the Trustee to
take any action under any provision of this Indenture (other than any request
hereunder by the Issuer for an Advance), the Issuer shall furnish to the
Trustee, with a copy of each to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder, (i) an
Officer's Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided
for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with,
and (ii) an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all
such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with, except that, in the
case of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of such
documents is specifically required by any provision of this Indenture, no
additional certificate or opinion need be furnished.

         Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a
condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include:

                                      -49-
<PAGE>

                  (i) a statement that each signatory of such certificate or
         opinion has read or has caused to be read such covenant or condition
         and the definitions herein relating thereto;

                  (ii) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the
         examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions
         contained in such certificate or opinion are based;

                  (iii) a statement that, in the opinion of each such signatory,
         such signatory has made such examination or investigation as is
         necessary to enable such signatory to express an informed opinion as to
         whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

                  (iv) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such
         signatory such condition or covenant has been complied with.

         (b) Other than with respect to Dollars, prior to the deposit of any
Collateral, any Pledged Subordinate Securities, any UBS Cross Collateral or any
other property or securities with the Trustee that is to be made the basis for
the release of any property or securities subject to the lien of this Indenture,
the Issuer shall, in addition to any obligation imposed in Section 11.1(a) or
elsewhere in this Indenture, furnish to the Trustee, with a copy thereof to each
Note Purchaser and each Noteholder, an Officer's Certificate certifying or
stating the opinion of each person signing such certificate as to the fair value
(on the date of such deposit) to the Issuer of the Collateral, the Pledged
Subordinate Securities, the UBS Cross Collateral or the other property or
securities to be so deposited.

         (c) Other than with respect to the release of any Purchased Receivables
or Liquidated Receivables or the release, if any, of any Receivables upon a
mandatory or partial prepayment of any class of Notes and other amounts due to
any Note Purchaser from the Issuer under the Basic Documents pursuant to Section
10.1, whenever any property or securities are to be released from the lien of
this Indenture, the Issuer shall also furnish, prior to or contemporaneous with
such release, to the Trustee, with a copy thereof to each Note Purchaser and
each Noteholder, an Officer's Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of
each person signing such certificate as to the fair value (such fair value to be
as of a date within 90 days of such release) of the property or securities
proposed to be released and stating that in the opinion of such person the
proposed release will not impair the security under this Indenture in
contravention of the provisions hereof.

         (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.10 or any provision of this Section, the
Issuer may (A) collect, liquidate, sell or otherwise dispose of Receivables as
and to the extent permitted or required by the Basic Documents and (B) make cash
payments out of the Pledged Accounts as and to the extent permitted or required
by the Basic Documents.

         SECTION 11.2 FORM OF DOCUMENTS DELIVERED TO TRUSTEE. In any case where
several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of,
any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by,
or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified
or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an
opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to
other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such
matters in one or several documents.

         (a) Any certificate or opinion of an Authorized Officer of the Issuer
may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or
opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless such officer knows, or in the
exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or
representations with respect to the matters upon which his or her certificate or
opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate of an Authorized Officer or
Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon
a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of
the Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser or the Issuer, stating that the
information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the
Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser or the Issuer, unless such counsel knows, or
in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion
or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous.

                                      -50-
<PAGE>

         (b) Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more
applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other
instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and
form one instrument.

         (c) Whenever in this Indenture, in connection with any application or
certificate or report to the Trustee, it is provided that the Issuer shall
deliver any document as a condition of the granting of such application, or as
evidence of the Issuer's compliance with any term hereof, it is intended that
the truth and accuracy, at the time of the granting of such application or at
the effective date of such certificate or report (as the case may be), of the
facts and opinions stated in such document shall in such case be conditions
precedent to the right of the Issuer to have such application granted or to the
sufficiency of such certificate or report. The foregoing shall not, however, be
construed to affect the Trustee's right to rely upon the truth and accuracy of
any statement or opinion contained in any such document as provided in Article
VI.

         SECTION 11.3 ACTS OF NOTEHOLDERS OR NOTE PURCHASERS. Any request,
demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action
provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by any Noteholder or any Note
Purchaser may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of
substantially similar tenor signed by such Noteholder or such Note Purchaser in
person or by agents duly appointed in writing; and except as herein otherwise
expressly provided such action shall become effective when such instrument or
instruments are delivered to the Trustee, and, where it is hereby expressly
required, to the Issuer. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied
therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the "Act" of
such Noteholder or such Note Purchaser signing such instrument or instruments.
Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such
agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to
Section 6.1) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Issuer, if made in the
manner provided in this Section.

         (a) The fact and date of the execution by any person of any such
instrument or writing may be proved in any customary manner of the Trustee.

         (b) The ownership of the Notes of each class shall be proved by the
Note Register.

         (c) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent,
waiver or other action by a Holder of a Note shall bind each Holder of such Note
issued upon the registration thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof,
in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or
the Issuer in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made
upon such Note.

         (d) Any waiver, consent or approval given by the Controlling Note
Purchaser under this Indenture or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon
each Class A Noteholder, each Class B Note Purchaser, each Class B Noteholder
and their respective successors and permitted assigns. In addition, any waiver,
consent or approval given by the Majority Noteholders of a class of Notes under
this Indenture or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon each Holder of
the related class of Notes and their respective successors and permitted
assigns.

         SECTION 11.4 NOTICES, ETC., TO TRUSTEE, ISSUER, THE NOTE PURCHASERS AND
NOTEHOLDERS. Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent,
waiver or Act of the any Noteholder or any Note Purchasers or other documents
provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to
or filed with:

                  (i) the Trustee by any Note Purchaser, any Noteholder or by
         the Issuer shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if
         personally delivered, delivered by overnight courier or mailed
         certified mail, return receipt requested and shall be deemed to have
         been duly given upon receipt of the Trustee at its Corporate Trust
         Office;

                  (ii) the Issuer by the Trustee or by any Note Purchaser or any
         Noteholder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if
         personally delivered, delivered by overnight courier or mailed


                                      -51-
<PAGE>

         certified mail, return receipt requested and shall deemed to have been
         duly given upon receipt by the Issuer at the Corporate Trust Office of
         the Owner Trustee, with a copy to Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc.
         16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine, California 92618 Attention: Mark
         Creatura, Esq. Confirmation: (888) 785-6691, Telecopy No. (949)
         753-6897 or at such other address previously furnished in writing to
         the Trustee by the Issuer. The Issuer shall promptly transmit any
         notice received by it from any Noteholders or any Note Purchaser to the
         Trustee; or

                  (iii) any notice to a Note Purchaser shall be sufficient for
         any purpose hereunder if in writing and delivered by overnight courier
         or mailed certified mail, return receipt requested, or personally
         delivered or telexed or telecopied to the recipient as follows (or such
         other address previously furnished in writing to the Trustee):

                  If to the Class A Note Purchaser, to:

                  UBS Real Estate Securities Inc.
                  1285 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor
                  Attention:  Prakash Wadhwani
                  New York, New York  10019

                  Telephone: 212-713-3983
                  Telecopy:  212-713-7999

                  If to the Class B Note Purchasers, to:

                  The Patriot Group, LLC
                  One Thorndal Circle, 3rd Floor
                  Darien, CT  06820
                  Attention:  Bruce Katz

                  Telephone: (203) 656-4395
                  Telecopy:  (203) 656-4483

                  and

                  Waterfall Eden Fund, LP
                  1185 Avenue of the Americas
                  18th Floor
                  New York, NY  10036
                  Attention:  Jack Ross

                  Telephone: (212) 843-8905
                  Telecopy:  (212) 843-8909

                  (iv) any notice to a Noteholder shall be sufficient for any
         purpose hereunder if in writing and delivered by overnight courier or
         mailed certified mail, return receipt requested, or personally
         delivered or telexed or telecopied to the recipient's contact
         information reflected in the Note Register.

                  (v) Any Note Purchaser may deliver to the Noteholders any
         notices, reports, Servicer's Certificates or any other documentation
         delivered to such Note Purchaser hereunder or under any Basic Document,
         but is under no obligation to so deliver such documentation and shall
         not be liable for the content thereof.

         SECTION 11.5 WAIVER. Where this Indenture provides for notice in any
manner, such notice may be waived in writing by any Person entitled to receive
such notice with respect to itself only, either before or after the event, and
such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by any


                                      -52-
<PAGE>

Note Purchaser or any Noteholder shall be filed with the Trustee but such filing
shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in
reliance upon such a waiver. In case, by reason of the suspension of regular
mail service as a result of a strike, work stoppage or similar activity, it
shall be impractical to mail notice of any event to any Note Purchaser or any
Noteholder when such notice is required to be given pursuant to any provision of
this Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be satisfactory
to the Trustee shall be deemed to be a sufficient giving of such notice.

         SECTION 11.6 ALTERNATE PAYMENT AND NOTICE PROVISIONS. Notwithstanding
any provision of this Indenture or any class of Notes to the contrary, the
Issuer may enter into any agreement with the Holder of any class of Notes or any
Note Purchaser providing for a method of payment, or notice by the Trustee or
the Note Paying Agent to such Holder or such Note Purchaser, that is different
from the methods provided for in this Indenture for such payments or notices,
provided that such methods are reasonable and consented to by the Trustee (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). The Issuer will furnish to the
Trustee a copy of each such agreement and the Trustee will cause payments to be
made and notices to be given in accordance with such agreements.

         SECTION 11.7 EFFECT OF HEADINGS AND TABLE OF CONTENTS. The Article and
Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and
shall not affect the construction hereof.

         SECTION 11.8 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. All covenants and agreements in
this Indenture and the Notes by the Issuer shall bind its successors and
assigns, whether so expressed or not. All agreements of the Trustee in this
Indenture shall bind its successors.

         SECTION 11.9 BENEFITS OF INDENTURE; THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES.

         (a) Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, express or implied,
shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors
hereunder, each Note Purchaser (each of which shall be a third-party beneficiary
of this Indenture) and its successors and assigns, and the Noteholders, and any
other party secured hereunder, and any other Person with an ownership interest
in any part of the Trust Estate, any benefit or any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under this Indenture.

         (b) Each of the Bear Indenture Trustee, each Class B note purchaser and
each Class B noteholder under the Bear Basic Documents shall be deemed to be a
third-party beneficiary with respect to this Indenture to the same extent as if
it was a party hereto, subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor
Agreements.

         SECTION 11.10 SEVERABILITY. In case any provision in this Indenture or
in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality,
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected
or impaired thereby.

         SECTION 11.11 LEGAL HOLIDAYS. In any case where the date on which any
payment is due shall not be a Business Day, then (notwithstanding any other
provision of the Notes, this Indenture or any other Basic Document) payment need
not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day
with the same force and effect as if made on the date on which nominally due,
and no interest shall accrue for the period from and after any such nominal
date.

                                      -53-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 11.12 Governing Law. THIS INDENTURE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS
CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS
LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE
DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

         SECTION 11.13 COUNTERPARTS. This Indenture may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an
original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the
same instrument. Any signature page to this Indenture containing a manual
signature may be delivered by facsimile transmission or other electronic
communication device capable of transmitting or creating a printable written
record, and when so delivered shall have the effect of delivery of an original
manually signed signature page.

         SECTION 11.14 RECORDING OF INDENTURE. If this Indenture is subject to
recording in any appropriate public recording offices, such recording is to be
effected by the Issuer and at its expense accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel
(which may be counsel to the Trustee or any other counsel reasonably acceptable
to the Trustee) to the effect that such recording is necessary either for the
protection of the Noteholders, the Note Purchasers or any other Person secured
hereunder or for the enforcement of any right or remedy granted to the Trustee
under this Indenture.

         SECTION 11.15 ISSUER OBLIGATION. The obligations of the Issuer under
this Indenture and the other Basic Documents shall be full recourse obligations
of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no recourse may be taken, directly
or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee on
the Notes, under this Indenture, any other Basic Document or any certificate or
other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (i) the
Trustee in its individual capacity (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in
the Issuer or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director,
employee or agent of the Issuer or the Trustee in its individual capacity, any
holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or the Trustee or of any successor
or assign of the Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person
may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee has no such
obligations in its individual capacity) and except that any such partner, owner
or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law,
for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure
to pay any installment or call owing to such entity. Nothing contained in this
Section shall limit or be deemed to limit any obligations of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer hereunder or under any other Basic
Document, as applicable, which obligations are full recourse obligations of the
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer.

         SECTION 11.16 NO PETITION. The Trustee, by entering into this
Indenture, hereby covenants and agrees that it will not at any time institute
against the Issuer, or join in any institution against the Issuer of, any
bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings,
or other proceedings under any United States Federal or state bankruptcy or
similar law in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, this
Indenture or any of the Basic Documents.

         SECTION 11.17 INSPECTION. The Issuer agrees that, on reasonable prior
notice, it will permit any representative of any Note Purchaser, any Noteholder
or the Trustee, during the Issuer's normal business hours, to examine all the
books of account, records, reports, and other papers of the Issuer, to make
copies and extracts therefrom, to cause such books to be audited by independent
certified public accountants, and to discuss the Issuer's affairs, finances and


                                      -54-
<PAGE>

accounts with the Issuer's officers, employees, and independent certified public
accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as may be reasonably
requested. Each of the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder shall
and shall cause their respective representatives to hold in confidence all such
information except to the extent disclosure may be required by law (and all
reasonable applications for confidential treatment are unavailing) and except to
the extent that the Trustee may reasonably determine that such disclosure is
consistent with its Obligations hereunder.

         SECTION 11.18 MARKET VALUE. In connection with the Class A Note
Purchaser's provision of the Market Value to the Servicer pursuant to Section
3.05(a) of the Class A Note Purchase Agreement, and the Servicer's provision of
such Market Value to the Class B Note Purchasers pursuant to Section 3.05(a) of
the Class B Note Purchase Agreement, the Issuer expressly acknowledges and
agrees that the Class A Note Purchaser is agreeing to permit the Servicer to
furnish the Market Value to the Class B Note Purchaser solely as an
accommodation in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Indenture
and the other Basic Documents. The Class A Note Purchaser makes no
representation or warranty (whether express or implied, oral or written) as to
the accuracy or completeness, or fitness for a particular use, of the Market
Value, and assumes no responsibility whatsoever to the Servicer, the Seller, the
Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Note
Purchasers or the Class B Noteholders in connection with its calculation of
Market Value or any use of such Market Value by the Issuer, the Trustee, any
Class A Noteholder, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B Noteholder, any of
their respective affiliates or any other Person and, consequently, none of the
Issuer, the Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Note Purchasers or the
Class B Noteholders is relying upon the Class A Note Purchaser for the Market
Value in such regard. In consideration of the Class A Note Purchaser's providing
the Market Value to the Servicer and permitting the provision of such Market
Value to the Class B Note Purchasers from time to time, for which the Class A
Note Purchaser is not receiving any compensation, each of the Issuer, the
Trustee, each Class B Note Purchaser and each Class B Noteholder hereby
unconditionally and irrevocably releases and discharges the Class A Note
Purchaser and its respective affiliates, directors, officers, agents, employees
and representatives from, and the Issuer hereby agrees to indemnify, hold
harmless and reimburse the Class A Note Purchaser and any such other Person or
Persons with respect to, any and all actions, liabilities, losses, damages or
claims of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorney's fees and expenses and expenses of litigation), as
incurred, that may be imposed on or incurred by or asserted against the Class A
Note Purchaser or any such other Person or Persons in any way relating to or
arising out of (i) the Class A Note Purchaser's calculation of Market Value,
(ii) the Class A Note Purchaser's provision of such Market Value to the
Servicer, (iii) the Servicer's provision of such Market Value to the Class B
Note Purchaser, (iv) the use of such Market Value by any of the Servicer, the
Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trustee, any Class B Note Purchaser, any
Class B Noteholder, any of their respective affiliates or any other Person in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Indenture and the other
Basic Documents or otherwise, or (v) with respect to a any Pledged Subordinate
Securities issued in connection with a Securitization Transaction, the lead
placement agent's calculation of the market value thereof for purposes of the
definition of Class B Borrowing Base. Indemnification under this Section 11.18
shall survive the termination of this Indenture and the other Basic Documents.
These indemnity obligations shall be in addition to any obligations that the
Issuer may otherwise have under applicable law, hereunder or under any other
Basic Document.

         SECTION 11.19 INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT TO CONTROL. The rights,
obligations and remedies of the parties to this Indenture, the Noteholders and
the Note Purchasers hereunder, under the Notes and under the other Basic
Documents are subject in all respects to the terms and provisions of the
Intercreditor Agreement; provided, however that to the extent such rights,
obligations and remedies relate to the Bear Cross Collateral, such rights,
obligations and remedies are subject in all respects to the terms and provisions
of the Bear Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the
terms of this Indenture, the Notes or any other Basic Document, on the one hand,
and the Intercreditor Agreement or the Bear Intercreditor Agreement, as
applicable, on the other hand, the Intercreditor Agreement or the Bear
Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, shall control.

         SECTION 11.20 CONTROLLING NOTE PURCHASER; MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS OF
HIGHEST PRIORITY CLASS. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Indenture,
the Notes or any other Basic Document to the contrary, in taking or refraining


                                      -55-
<PAGE>

from taking any action with respect to this Indenture, the Notes or any other
Basic Document, (i) the Class A Note Purchaser, when acting as Controlling Note
Purchaser, will be acting solely for its own benefit, and (ii) any Class A
Noteholder, when acting as one of the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class, shall be acting solely for its own benefit, and in each case not
as agent, fiduciary or in any other capacity on behalf of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B
Noteholder or any other Person. The interests of the Class A Note Purchaser and
the Class A Noteholders may be adverse to the interests of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B
Noteholders (or any of them), and the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A
Noteholders are not obligated to consider the interests of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B
Noteholder or any other Person in taking or refraining from taking any action
under this Indenture, the Class A Notes or any other Basic Document (including
without limitation making any determination of Market Value, making any
determination of market value of Pledged Subordinate Securities, determining
whether or not to extend the Servicer's term, declaring an Event of Default,
declaring a Class A Funding Termination Event, declaring a Servicer Termination
Event, agreeing to any amendments to or waivers under any Basic Document,
accelerating the Class A Notes or exercising any other rights or remedies under
any Basic Document). Accordingly, any action taken or omitted by the Class A
Note Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder under this Indenture, the Class A Notes
or any other Basic Document may not be in the interests of, and may be directly
adverse to the interests of, the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the
Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders (or any of
them). In addition, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Indenture,
the Class A Notes or the other Basic Documents, the Class A Note Purchaser or
any Class A Noteholder may waive or modify the terms of this Indenture, the
Class A Notes or any other Basic Document from time to time without the consent
of any Class B Note Purchaser or any Class B Noteholder, and shall, if an Event
of Default, a Class A Funding Termination Event or a Servicer Termination Event
shall occur, have the sole and absolute discretion to exercise rights and
remedies under the Basic Documents with respect to the Collateral (but excluding
any Pledged Subordinate Securities and any Class B Available Funds), including
without limitation to terminate the Servicer and/or to cause an acceleration of
the Class A Notes and the liquidation of the Collateral, in each case without
regard to the interests of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer,
any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B Noteholder or any other Person. The
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and
the Class B Noteholders hereby waive any and all conflicts of interest (if any)
that may arise in respect of the exercise of any such rights or remedies by the
Class A Note Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder.

         SECTION 11.21 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, together with the other
Basic Documents, including the exhibits and schedules thereto, contains a final
and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement
among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding
all previous oral statements and other writings with respect thereto.

         SECTION11.22 NO NOVATION. It is expressly understood and agreed by the
parties hereto that the amendment and restatement of this Indenture is in no way
intended to and shall not be deemed to constitute a novation or repayment of the
outstanding Class A Advances and the other obligations and liabilities existing
under the Original Basic Documents and the security interest of the Trustee in
the Collateral for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers shall
remain in full force and effect after giving effect to the amendment and
restatement of this Indenture and such security interest is hereby reaffirmed by
the Issuer.

         SECTION 11.23 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND INDEMNITIES
UNDER ORIGINAL INDENTURE. The representations, warranties and indemnity
obligations of the Issuer made in the Original Indenture and each other Original
Basic Document prior to the Class B Closing Date shall survive the Class B
Closing Date and the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and each such
representation and warranty so made is true and correct as of the date
originally made and as of the date hereof.

                                      -56-
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer and the Trustee have caused this
Indenture to be duly executed by their respective officers, hereunto duly
authorized, all as of the day and year first above written.

                                 PAGE FUNDING LLC, as Issuer

                                 By:____________________________________________
                                 Name:__________________________________________
                                 Title:_________________________________________




                                 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as
                                 Trustee

                                 By:____________________________________________
                                 Name:__________________________________________
                                 Title:_________________________________________

                                      -57-
<PAGE>

                                                                     EXHIBIT A-1

                         VARIABLE FUNDING NOTE, CLASS A

REGISTERED                                 Maximum Invested Amount: $200,000,000


No. A-1                                               Percentage Interest:____ %

                       SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN CONDITIONS


THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR "BLUE
SKY" LAWS AND MAY BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED ONLY TO (1) THE ISSUER (UPON
REDEMPTION THEREOF OR OTHERWISE) OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER (AS CERTIFIED BY
THE ISSUER) OR (2) A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(a)(51) OF
THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) THAT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" AS
DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE, SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED
IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR
ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY
OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ARE ALSO QUALIFIED PURCHASERS THAT ARE
INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS) (3) SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR
RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN A TRANSACTION MEETING
THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A TO A PERSON THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE,
SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH
PERSON IS A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS DEFINED UNDER SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) THAT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN
RULE 144A), ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS
(WHICH OTHERS ARE ALSO QUALIFIED PURCHASERS THAT ARE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYERS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE, OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE
IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, OR (4) TO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER (AS DEFINED UNDER
SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) IN A TRANSACTION OTHERWISE
EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, APPLICABLE
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, IN
EACH SUCH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE INDENTURE AND ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES
LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION: PROVIDED,
THAT, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (4), THE TRUSTEE OR THE ISSUER MAY REQUIRE AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, WHICH OPINION OF COUNSEL, IF SO REQUIRED,
SHALL BE ADDRESSED TO THE ISSUER AND THE TRUSTEE AND SHALL BE SECURED AT THE
EXPENSE OF THE HOLDER. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE
EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE.

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AND SUBJECT TO INCREASES
AND DECREASES AS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE INDENTURE. ACCORDINGLY, THE
OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE
AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.

THE NOTE REGISTRAR SHALL NOT REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE OF THIS NOTE TO
THE EXTENT THAT UPON SUCH TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE THERE WOULD BE MORE THAN FOUR (4)
CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS REFLECTED ON THE NOTE REGISTER.

                                     A-1-1
<PAGE>

THIS NOTE IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF AN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT
DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 14, 2007 BY AND AMONG THE CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER, THE CLASS
A NOTEHOLDER, THE CLASS B NOTE PURCHASERS, THE CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS, THE ISSUER,
THE PURCHASER, THE SELLER, THE SERVICER AND THE TRUSTEE, AS THE SAME MAY BE
AMENDED, SUPPLEMENTED OR OTHERWISE MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME.

                                PAGE FUNDING LLC
                         VARIABLE FUNDING NOTE, CLASS A

PAGE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (herein referred to as
the "ISSUER"), for value received, hereby promises to pay to [________________]
(the "NOTEHOLDER"), or its registered assigns, such Noteholder's pro rata
portion (based on the Percentage Interest reflected on the face of this Note) of
the principal sum of TWO HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS ($200,000,000.00) or, if less,
such Noteholder's pro rata portion (based on the Percentage Interest reflected
on the face of this Class A Note) of the aggregate unpaid principal amount
outstanding under all of the Class A Notes (whether or not shown on the schedule
attached hereto (or such electronic counterpart maintained by the Trustee)),
which amount shall be payable in the amounts and at the times set forth in
Section 2.8(b) of the Indenture. The Issuer will pay interest on the
Noteholder's pro rata portion of Class A Advances under all of the Class A Notes
at the Class A Note Interest Rate. Such interest on Class A Advances shall be
due and payable on each Settlement Date until the principal of this Class A Note
is paid or made available for payment, to the extent funds will be available
from the Collection Account processed from and including the preceding
Settlement Date to but excluding each such Settlement Date in respect of (a) an
amount equal to the pro rata portion of the Class A Noteholders' Monthly
Interest Distributable Amount for the related Interest Period, plus (b) an
amount equal to a pro rata portion of any accrued and unpaid Class A
Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall with respect to prior Interest
Periods, with interest on the amount of such Class A Noteholders' Interest
Carryover Shortfall at the Class A Note Interest Rate from the first Business
Day of the related Interest Period. Prior to the Class A Scheduled Maturity Date
and unless an Event of Default or a Class A Funding Termination Event specified
in clauses (i) through (iii) of the definition thereof shall have occurred, the
Issuer shall only be required to make interest payments on the Class A Invested
Amount of the Class A Notes to the holder hereof; provided that the Issuer may,
at its option, prepay the Class A Invested Amount of the Class A Notes, in whole
or in part, at any time pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Indenture. Following the
occurrence of an Event of Default or a Class A Funding Termination Event
specified in clauses (i) through (iii) of the definition thereof, the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class may declare the Class A Invested Amount of the Class A Notes to be
immediately due and payable at par, together with accrued interest thereon, in
accordance with Section 5.2 of the Indenture. Principal of and interest on this
Class A Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof.

The principal of and interest on this Class A Note are payable in such coin or
currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal
tender for payment of public and private debts. This Class A Note does not
represent an interest in, or an obligation of, the Servicer or any affiliate of
the Servicer other than the Issuer.

This Class A Note amends and restates the Second Amended and Restated Variable
Funding Note dated as of August 31, 2005 (the "ORIGINAL CLASS A NOTE"), and is
not a novation of the Original Class A Note. All terms of this Class A Note that
are governed by the Indenture are as set forth herein.

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Class A Note set forth on
the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth
on the face of this Class A Note. Although a summary of certain provisions of
the Indenture are set forth below and on the reverse hereof and made a part
hereof, this Class A Note does not purport to summarize the Indenture and
reference is made to the Indenture for information with respect to the
interests, rights, benefits, obligations, proceeds and duties evidenced hereby
and the rights, duties and obligations of the Servicer and the Trustee. A copy
of the Indenture may be requested from the Trustee by writing to the Trustee at:
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, 6th & Marquette, MAC N9311-161,
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479, Attention: Corporate Trust Services, -- Asset
Backed Administration. To the extent not defined herein, the capitalized terms
used herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee
whose name appears below by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to
any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid
or obligatory for any purpose.

                                     A-1-2
<PAGE>





                            [Signature page follows.]








                                     A-1-3
<PAGE>
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed,
manually or in facsimile, by its Authorized Officer.

Date: [_______], 2007            PAGE FUNDING LLC

                                 By:____________________________________________
                                 Name:__________________________________________
                                 Title:_________________________________________








                     TRUSTEE'S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

         This is the Note issued under the within-mentioned Indenture.

                                 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in
                                 its individual capacity, but solely as Trustee


                               By:______________________________________________
                                    Authorized Signature






                                     A-1-4
<PAGE>

                           REVERSE OF THE CLASS A NOTE


This Class A Note is the duly authorized Class A Note of the Issuer, designated
as its Variable Funding Note, Class A (herein called the "CLASS A NOTE"), issued
under (i) the Second Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of February 14,
2007 (such Indenture, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, is herein
called the "INDENTURE"), by and between the Issuer and Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the "TRUSTEE",
which term includes any successor Trustee under the Indenture), to which
Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto, together with the other Basic
Documents, reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and
obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders. This Class A Note is subject to all terms and conditions of the
Indenture and the other Basic Documents. All terms used in this Note that are
defined in the Indenture, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, shall have the meanings
assigned to them in or pursuant to the Indenture, as so amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified.

"SETTLEMENT DATE" means, with respect to each Accrual Period, the 15th day of
the following calendar month, or if such day is not a Business Day, the
immediately following Business Day, commencing on August 16, 2004.

As described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Class A Note
shall be due and payable on the Class A Facility Termination Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default or a Class A Funding
Termination Event specified in clauses (i) through (iii) of the definition
thereof shall have occurred and be continuing then, in certain circumstances,
principal on this Class A Note may be paid earlier, as described in the
Indenture.

Payments of interest on this Class A Note due and payable on each Settlement
Date, together with the installment of principal then due, if any, and any
payments of principal made on any Business Day in respect of any prepayments, to
the extent not in full payment of this Class A Note, shall be paid to the Person
in whose name this Class A Note is registered on the Record Date, either (i) by
wire transfer in immediately available funds to such Person's account as it
appears on the Note Register on such Record Date if (A) such Class A Noteholder
has provided to the Note Registrar appropriate written instructions at least
five Business Days prior to such Settlement Date and such Holder's Class A Note
in the aggregate evidence a Percentage Interest of not less than 1% or (B) such
Class A Noteholder is the Seller, or an Affiliate thereof, or if not, (ii) by
check mailed to such Class A Noteholder at the address of such Class A
Noteholder appearing on the Note Register, except for the final installment of
principal payable with respect to such Class A Note on a Settlement Date or on
the Class A Facility Termination Date, which shall be payable as provided below.
Any reduction in the principal amount of this Class A Note (or any predecessor
Class A Note) effected by any payments made on any date shall be binding upon
all future Holders of this Class A Note and of any Class A Note issued upon the
registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether
or not noted thereon. Final payment of principal (together with any accrued and
unpaid interest) on this Class A Note will be paid to the Holder of this Class A
Note only upon presentation and surrender of this Class A Note at the Corporate
Trust Office for cancellation by the Trustee.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class A
Note Interest Rate (calculated for this purpose using the Class A Default
Applicable Margin) to the extent lawful.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth
therein, the transfer of this Class A Note may be registered on the Note
Register upon surrender of this Class A Note for registration of transfer at the
office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, duly
endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer substantially in
the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder hereof or his attorney duly
authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Class A Notes of authorized
Percentage Interest and in the same aggregate Percentage Interest will be issued
to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged
for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Class A Note, but the
transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other
governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration
of transfer or exchange, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 9.6 of the
Indenture not involving a transfer.

                                     A-1-5
<PAGE>

The obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture, this Class A Note and the
other Basic Documents shall be full recourse obligations of the Issuer.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Class A Noteholder, by its acceptance of a
Class A Note, covenants and agrees that no recourse may be taken, directly or
indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee on the
Class A Notes, under the Indenture, any other Basic Document or any certificate
or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (i) the
Trustee in its individual capacity (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in
the Issuer or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director,
employee or agent of the Issuer or the Trustee in its individual capacity, any
holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or the Trustee or of any successor
or assign of the Trustee in its individual capacity, except in each case as any
such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee has
no such obligations in its individual capacity) and except that any such
partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by
applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital
contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.
Nothing contained in this Section shall limit or be deemed to limit any
obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer hereunder
or under any other Basic Document, as applicable, which obligations are full
recourse obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer.

Each Class A Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Class A Note, covenants and
agrees that by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Class A
Noteholder will not institute against the Issuer, or join in any institution
against the Issuer of, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency
or liquidation proceedings under any United States Federal or state bankruptcy
or similar law in connection with any obligations relating to the Note, the
Indenture or the Basic Documents.

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Class A Note,
the Trustee and any agent of the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name the
Class A Note (as of the applicable Record Date) is registered as the owner
hereof for all purposes, whether or not the Class A Note be overdue, and none of
the Issuer, the Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be
affected by notice to the contrary.

It is the intent of the Issuer and the Class A Noteholders that, for Federal,
State and local income and franchise tax purposes, this Class A Note will
evidence indebtedness of the Issuer secured by the Collateral. Each Class A
Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Class A Note, agrees to treat the Class A
Note for Federal, State and local income and franchise tax purposes as
indebtedness of the Issuer.

The Indenture permits in certain circumstances, with certain exceptions as
therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and
obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of
the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the
Controlling Note Purchaser and/or the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain past defaults
under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class (or the Holders of any predecessor Note) shall be conclusive and binding
upon the Note Purchasers, the current Noteholders and all future Noteholders and
of a Class A Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange
hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon such Class A Note.

Any waiver, consent or approval given by the Controlling Note Purchaser under
the Indenture or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon each Class A
Noteholder, each Class B Note Purchaser, each Class B Noteholder and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. In addition, any waiver, consent or
approval given by the Majority Noteholders of a class of Notes under this
Indenture or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon each Holder of the
related class of Notes and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

In connection with the Class A Note Purchaser's provision of the Market Value to
the Servicer under the Class A Note Purchase Agreement and the Servicer's
provision of such Market Value to the Class B Note Purchaser pursuant to the
Class B Note Purchase Agreement, each Class A Noteholder, by its acceptance of a
Class A Note, expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Class A Note Purchaser
is agreeing to permit the Servicer to furnish the Market Value to the Class B
Note Purchaser solely as an accommodation in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Note and the other Basic Documents. The Class A Note


                                     A-1-6
<PAGE>

Purchaser makes no representation or warranty (whether express or implied, oral
or written) as to the accuracy or completeness, or fitness for a particular use,
of the Market Value, and assumes no responsibility whatsoever to any Class A
Noteholder in connection with its calculation of Market Value or any use of such
Market Value by the Servicer, the Seller, the Issuer, the Purchaser, any Class A
Noteholder, any of their respective affiliates or any other Person and,
consequently, none of the Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer or the
Class A Noteholders is relying upon the Class A Note Purchaser for the Market
Value in such regard.

The rights, obligations and remedies of the Class A Noteholders pursuant to the
Class A Notes and under the other Basic Documents are subject in all respects to
the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any
conflict between the terms of this Class A Note or any other Basic Document and
the Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement shall control.

The term "ISSUER" as used in this Class A Note includes any successor to the
Issuer under the Indenture.

This Class A Note is issuable only in registered form in denominations as
provided in the Indenture, subject to certain limitations set forth therein.

This Class A Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the
law of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict of law
provisions (other than Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law), and the
obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall
be determined in accordance with such law.

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Class A Note or of
the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is
absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Class A
Note at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency herein
prescribed, subject to any duty of the Issuer to deduct or withhold any amounts
as required by law, including any applicable U.S. withholding taxes.

                                     A-1-7
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>     <C>


                                            INCREASES AND DECREASES


==================================================================================================================
                Unpaid                                                  Note
               Principal                                              Interest   Interest Period   Notation Made
    Date        Amount        Increase      Decrease       Total        Rate     (if applicable)        By
==================================================================================================================

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

==================================================================================================================
</TABLE>

                                                    A-1-8
<PAGE>

                                   ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee

_________________________

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers

unto____________________________________________________________________________
                         (name and address of assignee)

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes
and appoints______________________, attorney, to transfer said Note on the books
kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: _______________________                     _________________________ *
                                                     Signature Guaranteed:




__________________
*/ NOTE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the
registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in every
particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever.

                                     A-1-9
<PAGE>

                                                                     EXHIBIT A-2

                         VARIABLE FUNDING NOTE, CLASS B

REGISTERED                               Maximum Invested Amount: $25,000,000(1)


No. A-1                                                Percentage Interest:___ %

                       SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN CONDITIONS


THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR "BLUE
SKY" LAWS AND MAY BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED ONLY TO (1) THE ISSUER (UPON
REDEMPTION THEREOF OR OTHERWISE) OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER (AS CERTIFIED BY
THE ISSUER) OR (2) A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(a)(51) OF
THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) THAT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" AS
DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE, SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED
IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR
ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY
OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ARE ALSO QUALIFIED PURCHASERS THAT ARE
INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS) (3) SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR
RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN A TRANSACTION MEETING
THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A TO A PERSON THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE,
SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH
PERSON IS A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS DEFINED UNDER SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) THAT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN
RULE 144A), ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS
(WHICH OTHERS ARE ALSO QUALIFIED PURCHASERS THAT ARE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYERS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE, OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE
IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, OR (4) TO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER (AS DEFINED UNDER
SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) IN A TRANSACTION OTHERWISE
EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, APPLICABLE
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, IN
EACH SUCH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE INDENTURE AND ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES
LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION: PROVIDED,
THAT, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (4), THE TRUSTEE OR THE ISSUER MAY REQUIRE AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, WHICH OPINION OF COUNSEL, IF SO REQUIRED,
SHALL BE ADDRESSED TO THE ISSUER AND THE TRUSTEE AND SHALL BE SECURED AT THE
EXPENSE OF THE HOLDER. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE
EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE.

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AND SUBJECT TO INCREASES
AND DECREASES AS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE INDENTURE. ACCORDINGLY, THE
OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE
AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.



_____________________
(1) Less the outstanding amount of any Bear Secured Obligations.

                                     A-2-1
<PAGE>

THE NOTE REGISTRAR SHALL NOT REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE OF THIS NOTE TO
THE EXTENT THAT UPON SUCH TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE THERE WOULD BE MORE THAN NINETY
(90) CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS REFLECTED ON THE NOTE REGISTER.

THIS NOTE IS SUBORDINATE IN RIGHT OF PAYMENT TO THE ISSUER'S CLASS A NOTES
ISSUED PURSUANT TO THE INDENTURE REFERENCED HEREIN AND TO ALL OTHER AMOUNTS DUE
AND OWING TO THE CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS AND THE CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE BASIC DOCUMENTS AND IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND
PROVISIONS OF AN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 14, 2007 BY AND
AMONG THE CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER, THE CLASS A NOTEHOLDER, THE CLASS B NOTE
PURCHASERS, THE CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS, THE ISSUER, THE PURCHASER, THE SELLER, THE
SERVICER AND THE TRUSTEE, AS THE SAME MAY BE AMENDED, SUPPLEMENTED OR OTHERWISE
MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME.

                                PAGE FUNDING LLC
                         VARIABLE FUNDING NOTE, CLASS B

PAGE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (herein referred to as
the "ISSUER"), for value received, hereby promises to pay to [________________]
(the "NOTEHOLDER"), or its registered assigns, such Noteholder's pro rata
portion (based on the Percentage Interest reflected on the face of this Note) of
the principal sum of TWENTY FIVE MILLION DOLLARS ($25,000,000.00), less the
outstanding amount of any Bear Secured Obligations, or, if less, such
Noteholder's pro rata portion (based on the Percentage Interest reflected on the
face of this Class B Note) of the aggregate unpaid principal amount outstanding
under all of the Class B Notes (whether or not shown on the schedule attached
hereto (or such electronic counterpart maintained by the Trustee)), which amount
shall be payable in the amounts and at the times set forth in Section 2.8(b) of
the Indenture. Subject to the prior payment of all amounts then due and owing on
the Class A Notes and all other amounts due and owing to the Class A Note
Purchaser under the Basic Documents, the Issuer will pay interest on the
Noteholder's pro rata portion of Class B Advances under all of the Class B Notes
at the Class B Note Interest Rate. Such interest on Class B Advances shall be
due and payable on each Settlement Date until the principal of this Class B Note
is paid or made available for payment, to the extent funds will be available
from the Collection Account processed from and including the preceding
Settlement Date to but excluding each such Settlement Date in respect of (a) an
amount equal to a pro rata portion of the Class B Noteholders' Monthly Interest
Distributable Amount for the related Interest Period, plus (b) an amount equal
to a pro rata portion of any accrued and unpaid Class B Noteholders' Interest
Carryover Shortfall with respect to prior Interest Periods, with interest on the
amount of such Class B Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall at the Class B
Note Interest Rate from the first Business Day of the related Interest Period.
Prior to the Class B Facility Termination Date and unless an Event of Default
shall have occurred, the Issuer shall only be required to make interest payments
on the Class B Invested Amount of the Class B Notes to the holder hereof;
provided that the Issuer may, at its option and subject to the prior payment of
all amounts then due and owing on the Class A Notes and all other amounts due
and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser under the Basic Documents, prepay the
Class B Invested Amount of the Class B Notes, in whole or in part, at any time
pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Indenture. Following the occurrence of an Event
of Default, the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the
Highest Priority Class may declare the Class B Invested Amount of the Class B
Notes to be immediately due and payable at par, together with accrued interest
thereon, in accordance with Section 5.2 of the Indenture. Principal of and
interest on this Class B Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the
reverse hereof.

The principal of and interest on this Class B Note are payable in such coin or
currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal
tender for payment of public and private debts. This Class B Note does not
represent an interest in, or an obligation of, the Servicer or any affiliate of
the Servicer other than the Issuer.

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Class B Note set forth on
the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth
on the face of this Class B Note. Although a summary of certain provisions of
the Indenture are set forth below and on the reverse hereof and made a part
hereof, this Class B Note does not purport to summarize the Indenture and
reference is made to the Indenture for information with respect to the
interests, rights, benefits, obligations, proceeds and duties evidenced hereby
and the rights, duties and obligations of the Servicer and the Trustee. A copy
of the Indenture may be requested from the Trustee by writing to the Trustee at:
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, 6th & Marquette, MAC N9311-161,
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479, Attention: Corporate Trust Services, -- Asset
Backed Administration. To the extent not defined herein, the capitalized terms
used herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture.

                                     A-2-2
<PAGE>

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee
whose name appears below by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to
any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid
or obligatory for any purpose.





                            [Signature page follows.]



                                     A-2-3
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed,
manually or in facsimile, by its Authorized Officer.

Date: [_______], 2007            PAGE FUNDING LLC

                                 By:____________________________________________
                                 Name:__________________________________________
                                 Title:_________________________________________








                     TRUSTEE'S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

         This is the Note issued under the within-mentioned Indenture.

                                WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in
                                its individual capacity, but solely as Trustee


                                By: ____________________________________________
                                     Authorized Signature


                                     A-2-4
<PAGE>

                           REVERSE OF THE CLASS B NOTE


This Class B Note is the duly authorized Class B Note of the Issuer, designated
as its Variable Funding Note, Class B (herein called the "CLASS B NOTE"), issued
under (i) the Second Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of February 14,
2007 (such Indenture, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, is herein
called the "INDENTURE"), by and between the Issuer and Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the "TRUSTEE",
which term includes any successor Trustee under the Indenture), to which
Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto, together with the other Basic
Documents, reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and
obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders. This Class B Note is subject to all terms and conditions of the
Indenture and the other Basic Documents. All terms used in this Note that are
defined in the Indenture, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, shall have the meanings
assigned to them in or pursuant to the Indenture, as so amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified.

"SETTLEMENT DATE" means, with respect to each Accrual Period, the 15th day of
the following calendar month, or if such day is not a Business Day, the
immediately following Business Day, commencing on February 15, 2007.

As described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Class B Note
shall be due and payable on the Class B Facility Termination Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default or shall have occurred and
be continuing then, in certain circumstances, principal on this Class B Note may
be paid earlier, as described in the Indenture.

Payments of interest on this Class B Note due and payable on each Settlement
Date, together with the installment of principal then due, if any, and any
payments of principal made on any Business Day in respect of any prepayments, to
the extent not in full payment of this Class B Note, shall be paid to the Person
in whose name this Class B Note is registered on the Record Date, either (i) by
wire transfer in immediately available funds to such Person's account as it
appears on the Note Register on such Record Date if (A) such Class B Noteholder
has provided to the Note Registrar appropriate written instructions at least
five Business Days prior to such Settlement Date and such Holder's Class B Note
in the aggregate evidence a Percentage Interest of not less than 1% or (B) such
Class B Noteholder is the Seller, or an Affiliate thereof, or if not, (ii) by
check mailed to such Class B Noteholder at the address of such Class B
Noteholder appearing on the Note Register, except for the final installment of
principal payable with respect to such Class B Note on a Settlement Date or on
the Class B Facility Termination Date, which shall be payable as provided below.
Any reduction in the principal amount of this Class B Note (or any predecessor
Class B Note) effected by any payments made on any date shall be binding upon
all future Holders of this Class B Note and of any Class B Note issued upon the
registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether
or not noted thereon. Final payment of principal (together with any accrued and
unpaid interest) on this Class B Note will be paid to the Holder of this Class B
Note only upon presentation and surrender of this Class B Note at the Corporate
Trust Office for cancellation by the Trustee.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class B
Note Interest Rate (calculated for this purpose using the Class B Default
Applicable Margin) to the extent lawful.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth
therein, the transfer of this Class B Note may be registered on the Note
Register upon surrender of this Class B Note for registration of transfer at the
office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, duly
endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer substantially in
the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder hereof or his attorney duly
authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Class B Notes of authorized
Percentage Interest and in the same aggregate Percentage Interest will be issued
to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged
for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Class B Note, but the
transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other
governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration
of transfer or exchange, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 9.6 of the
Indenture not involving a transfer.

                                     A-2-5
<PAGE>

No transfer or assignment of a Secured Obligation shall be made that would cause
there to be more than 90 owners and assignees of the Class B Notes at any time.
For purposes of determining the number of owners and assignees of the Class B
Notes, a Person (beneficial owner) owning an interest in a partnership
(including any entity treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes),
grantor trust or S corporation (flow through entity), that owns, directly or
through other flow-through entities, an interest in the Class B Notes, is
treated as an owner or an assignee of the Class B Notes if (i) substantially all
of the value of the beneficial owner's interest in the flow through entity is
attributable to the flow-through entity's interest (direct or indirect) in the
Class B Notes, and (ii) the principal purpose of the use of the tiered
arrangement is to permit the satisfaction of the 90 owner and assignee of Class
B Notes limitation.

The obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture, this Class B Note and the
other Basic Documents shall be full recourse obligations of the Issuer.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Class B Noteholder, by its acceptance of a
Class B Note, covenants and agrees that no recourse may be taken, directly or
indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee on the
Class B Notes, under the Indenture, any other Basic Document or any certificate
or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (i) the
Trustee in its individual capacity (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in
the Issuer or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director,
employee or agent of the Issuer or the Trustee in its individual capacity, any
holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or the Trustee or of any successor
or assign of the Trustee in its individual capacity, except in each case as any
such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee has
no such obligations in its individual capacity) and except that any such
partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by
applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital
contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.
Nothing contained in this Section shall limit or be deemed to limit any
obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer hereunder
or under any other Basic Document, as applicable, which obligations are full
recourse obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer.

Each Class B Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Class B Note, covenants and
agrees that by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Class B
Noteholder will not institute against the Issuer, or join in any institution
against the Issuer of, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency
or liquidation proceedings under any United States Federal or state bankruptcy
or similar law in connection with any obligations relating to the Note, the
Indenture or the Basic Documents.

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Class B Note,
the Trustee and any agent of the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name the
Class B Note (as of the applicable Record Date) is registered as the owner
hereof for all purposes, whether or not the Class B Note be overdue, and none of
the Issuer, the Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be
affected by notice to the contrary.

It is the intent of the Issuer and the Class B Noteholders that, for Federal,
State and local income and franchise tax purposes, this Class B Note will
evidence indebtedness of the Issuer secured by the Collateral. Each Class B
Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Class B Note, agrees to treat the Class B
Note for Federal, State and local income and franchise tax purposes as
indebtedness of the Issuer.

The Indenture permits in certain circumstances, with certain exceptions as
therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and
obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of
the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the
Controlling Note Purchaser and/or the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain past defaults
under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class (or the Holders of any predecessor Note) shall be conclusive and binding
upon the Note Purchasers, the current Noteholders and all future Noteholders and
of a Class B Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange
hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon such Class B Note.

Any waiver, consent or approval given by the Controlling Note Purchaser under
the Indenture or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon each Class A
Noteholder, each Class B Note Purchaser, each Class B Noteholder and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. In addition, any waiver, consent or
approval given by the Majority Noteholders of a class of Notes under this
Indenture or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon each Holder of the
related class of Notes and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

                                     A-2-6
<PAGE>

In connection with the Class A Note Purchaser's provision of the Market Value to
the Servicer under the Class A Note Purchase Agreement and the Servicer's
provision of such Market Value to the Class B Note Purchaser pursuant to the
Class B Note Purchase Agreement, each Class B Noteholder, by its acceptance of a
Class B Note, expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Class A Note Purchaser
is agreeing to permit the Servicer to furnish the Market Value to the Class B
Note Purchaser solely as an accommodation in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Note and the other Basic Documents. The Class A Note
Purchaser makes no representation or warranty (whether express or implied, oral
or written) as to the accuracy or completeness, or fitness for a particular use,
of the Market Value, and assumes no responsibility whatsoever to any Class B
Noteholder in connection with its calculation of Market Value or any use of such
Market Value by the Servicer, the Seller, the Issuer, the Purchaser, any Class B
Note Purchaser, any Class B Noteholder, any of their respective affiliates or
any other Person and, consequently, none of the Servicer, the Seller, the
Purchaser, the Issuer, the Class B Note Purchasers or the Class B Noteholders is
relying upon the Class A Note Purchaser for the Market Value in such regard. In
consideration of the Class A Note Purchaser's providing the Market Value to the
Servicer and permitting the provision of such Market Value to the Class B Note
Purchasers, for which the Class A Note Purchaser is not receiving any
compensation, each Class B Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Class B Note,
unconditionally and irrevocably releases and discharges the Class A Note
Purchaser and its respective affiliates, directors, officers, agents, employees
and representatives from, and agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and reimburse
the Class A Note Purchaser and any such other Person or Persons with respect to,
any and all actions, liabilities, losses, damages or claims of any kind or
nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and
expenses), as incurred, that may be imposed on or incurred by or asserted
against the Class A Note Purchaser or any such other Person or Persons in any
way relating to or arising out of (i) the Class A Note Purchaser's calculation
of Market Value, (ii) the Class A Note Purchaser's provision of such Market
Value to the Servicer, (iii) the Servicer's provision of such Market Value to
the Class B Note Purchaser, or (iv) the use of such Market Value by any of the
Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any
Class B Noteholder, any of their respective affiliates or any other Person in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Note and the other Basic
documents or otherwise.

The rights, obligations and remedies of the Class B Noteholders pursuant to the
Class B Notes and under the other Basic Documents are subject in all respects to
the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement (and any such rights,
obligations and remedies relating to the Bear Cross Collateral are subject in
all respects to the Bear Intercreditor Agreement). In the event of any conflict
between the terms of this Class B Note or any other Basic Document and the
Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement (or, in the case of any
such terms relating to the Bear Cross Collateral, the Bear Intercreditor
Agreement) shall control.

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Note or the other Basic Documents to
the contrary, in taking or refraining from taking any action with respect to the
Class A Notes or any other Basic Document, (i) the Class A Note Purchaser, when
acting as Controlling Note Purchaser, will be acting solely for its own benefit,
and (ii) any Class A Noteholder, when acting as one of the Majority Noteholders
of the Highest Priority Class, shall be acting solely for its own benefit, and
in each case not as agent, fiduciary or in any other capacity on behalf of the
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any
Class B Noteholder or any other Person. The interests of the Class A Note
Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders may be adverse to the interests of the
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and
the Class B Noteholders (or any of them), and the Class A Note Purchaser and the
Class A Noteholders are not obligated to consider the interests of the Issuer,
the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B
Noteholder or any other Person in taking or refraining from taking any action
under the Class A Notes or any other Basic Document (including without
limitation making any determination of Market Value, making any determination of
market value of Pledged Subordinate Securities, determining whether or not to
extend the Servicer's term, declaring an Event of Default, declaring a Class A
Funding Termination Event, declaring a Servicer Termination Event, agreeing to
any amendments to or waivers under any Basic Document, accelerating the Class A
Notes or exercising any other rights or remedies under any Basic Document or
applicable law). Accordingly, any action taken or omitted by the Class A Note
Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder under the Class A Notes or any other Basic
Document may not be in the interests of, and may be directly adverse to the
interests of, the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, the Class B
Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders (or any of them). In addition,
except as otherwise expressly provided in the Basic Documents, the Class A Note
Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder may waive or modify the terms of any Basic
Document from time to time without the consent of any Class B Note Purchaser or


                                     A-2-7
<PAGE>

any Class B Noteholder, and shall, if an Event of Default, a Class A Funding
Termination Event or a Servicer Termination Event shall occur, have the sole and
absolute discretion to exercise rights and remedies under the Basic Documents
with respect to the Collateral (but excluding any Pledged Subordinate Securities
and any Class B Available Funds), including without limitation to terminate the
Servicer and/or to cause an acceleration of the Class A Notes and the
liquidation of the Collateral, in each case without regard to the interests of
the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser,
any Class B Noteholder or any other Person. The Issuer, the Purchaser, the
Seller, the Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders
hereby waive any and all conflicts of interest (if any) that may arise in
respect of the exercise of any such rights or remedies by the Class A Note
Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder.

The term "ISSUER" as used in this Class B Note includes any successor to the
Issuer under the Indenture.

This Class B Note is issuable only in registered form in denominations as
provided in the Indenture, subject to certain limitations set forth therein.

This Class B Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the
law of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict of law
provisions (other than Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law), and the
obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall
be determined in accordance with such law.

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Class B Note or of
the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is
absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Class B
Note at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency herein
prescribed, subject to any duty of the Issuer to deduct or withhold any amounts
as required by law, including any applicable U.S. withholding taxes.

                                     A-2-8
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>     <C>

                                              INCREASES AND DECREASES

==================================================================================================================
    Date        Unpaid        Increase      Decrease       Total        Note     Interest Period   Notation Made
               Principal                                              Interest
                Amount                                                  Rate     (if applicable)        By
==================================================================================================================

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

==================================================================================================================
</TABLE>

                                                    A-2-9
<PAGE>

                                   ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee

_________________________

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers

unto ___________________________________________________________________________
                         (name and address of assignee)

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes
and appoints______________________, attorney, to transfer said Note on the books
kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: ____________________________                  __________________________*
                                                        Signature Guaranteed:





_____________________
*/ NOTE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the
registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in every
particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever.


                                     A-2-10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cps_10kex10-8.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.8







================================================================================

               SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                        (VARIABLE FUNDING NOTE, CLASS A),


                         dated as of February 14, 2007,


                                      among


                                PAGE FUNDING LLC
                            as Issuer and Purchaser,


                       CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC.,
                             as Servicer and Seller,


                                       and

                        UBS REAL ESTATE SECURITIES INC.,
           as Class A Note Purchaser and as initial Class A Noteholder

================================================================================

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>     <C>

                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                                      PAGE

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS.................................................................................. 2

         SECTION 1.01      Definitions..................................................................2

ARTICLE II PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE NOTE................................................................2

         SECTION 2.01      The Initial Note Purchase....................................................2
         SECTION 2.02      Advances.....................................................................2
         SECTION 2.03      Advance and Prepayment Procedures............................................2
         SECTION 2.04      The Class A Notes............................................................3
         SECTION 2.05      Commitment Term; Optional Renewal............................................3
         SECTION 2.06      Appointment of Trustee under Indenture.......................................3

ARTICLE III INTEREST AND FEES.........................................................................  3

         SECTION 3.01      Interest.....................................................................3
         SECTION 3.02      Fees.........................................................................4
         SECTION 3.03      Increased Costs, etc.........................................................4
         SECTION 3.04      Increased Capital Costs......................................................4
         SECTION 3.05      Taxes........................................................................5
         SECTION 3.06      Mark-to-Market Adjustments...................................................6
         SECTION 3.07      Illegality; Substituted Interest Rates.......................................7

ARTICLE IV OTHER PAYMENT TERMS......................................................................... 7

         SECTION 4.01      Time and Method of Payment...................................................7

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES................................................................8

         SECTION 5.01      Representations and Warranties of the Issuer.................................8
         SECTION 5.02      Representations and Warranties of CPS.......................................11
         SECTION 5.03      Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Class A Note Purchaser.....12

ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS .................................................................................14

         SECTION 6.01      Conditions to Purchase......................................................14
         SECTION 6.02      Conditions to Each Class A Advance..........................................15

ARTICLE VII COVENANTS .................................................................................17

         SECTION 7.01      Affirmative Covenants.......................................................17
         SECTION 7.02      Negative Covenants.  Until the Class A Facility Termination Date:...........21

ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS..................................................................23

         SECTION 8.01      Amendments..................................................................23
         SECTION 8.02      No Waiver; Remedies.........................................................23
         SECTION 8.03      Binding on Successors and Assigns...........................................23
         SECTION 8.04      Termination; Survival.......................................................24


                                                     -i-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 8.05      Payment of Costs and Expenses; Indemnification..............................24
         SECTION 8.06      Characterization as Basic Document; Entire Agreement........................26
         SECTION 8.07      Notices.....................................................................26
         SECTION 8.08      Severability of Provisions..................................................26
         SECTION 8.09      Tax Characterization........................................................26
         SECTION 8.10      Full Recourse to Issuer.....................................................26
         SECTION 8.11      Governing Law...............................................................26
         SECTION 8.12      Submission to Jurisdiction..................................................27
         SECTION 8.13      Waiver of Jury Trial........................................................27
         SECTION 8.14      Counterparts................................................................27
         SECTION 8.15      Set-Off.....................................................................27
         SECTION 8.16      Nonpetition Covenants.......................................................28
         SECTION 8.17      Servicer References.........................................................28
         SECTION 8.18      Confidentiality; Press Releases.............................................28
         SECTION 8.19      Intercreditor Agreement to Control..........................................28
         SECTION 8.20      No Novation.................................................................29
         SECTION 8.21      Survival of Representations, Warranties and Indemnities Under Original Note
                           Purchase Agreement..........................................................29
</TABLE>
                                                     -ii-
<PAGE>

               SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of
February 14, 2007 (as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, this "AGREEMENT"), is made
among PAGE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "ISSUER"),
CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC., a California corporation ("CPS" or the
"SERVICER"), and UBS REAL ESTATE SECURITIES INC., a Delaware corporation, as
Class A Note Purchaser (in such capacity, together with any successors in such
capacity, the "CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER").

                                 R E C I T A L S
                                 ---------------

                  1. The Issuer and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a
national banking association, as trustee (together with its successors in trust
thereunder as provided in the Indenture referred to below, the "TRUSTEE"), have
entered into a Second Amended and Restated Indenture of even date herewith (as
the same may be further amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the "INDENTURE"),
pursuant to which the Issuer has previously issued a class of notes designated
as the Issuer's Variable Funding Notes, Class A (the "CLASS A NOTES") and
pursuant to which the Issuer will issue on the Class B Closing Date a class of
notes designated as the Issuer's Variable Funding Notes, Class B (the "CLASS B
NOTES"). The Class B Notes will be subordinate in right of payment to the Class
A Notes and to any and all other amounts due and owing to the Class A Note
Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents. The Class
A Notes and the Class B Notes are collectively referred to herein as the
"NOTES".

                  2. The security for the Notes includes retail installment sale
contracts and/or promissory notes and security agreements secured by the new and
used automobiles, vans, minivans and light trucks financed thereby and certain
other Conveyed Property. The Receivables will initially be serviced by CPS. The
Notes will be secured by the Receivables, which will be pledged by the Issuer to
the Trustee from time to time pursuant to the Indenture.

                  3. From time to time prior to the Class A Facility Termination
Date, the Issuer will acquire pools of Receivables secured by the new and used
automobiles, vans, minivans and light trucks financed thereby and certain other
Conveyed Property from CPS pursuant to a Third Amended and Restated Sale and
Servicing Agreement of even date herewith (as the same may be further amended,
supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance
with the terms thereof, the "SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT"), among the Issuer,
as Issuer and as purchaser (in such capacity, the "PURCHASER"), CPS, as seller
and servicer (in such capacities, the "SELLER" and the "SERVICER,"
respectively), and the Trustee. The Issuer will in turn pledge the Receivables
and the Other Conveyed Property to the Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchasers pursuant to the Indenture. The Receivables
will be described in the schedules to one or more assignments by the Seller to
the Issuer (each, an "ASSIGNMENT") dated as of the cutoff date specified therein
(such date, a "CUTOFF DATE" and each date of transfer, a "FUNDING DATE", in each
case with respect to the related Receivables and other Conveyed Property).
Repayment of each class of Notes and any and all other amounts due and owing to
the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders under the Basic Documents will be
secured by a security interest in the Collateral as provided in the Indenture.
In addition, repayment of the Class B Notes and any and all other amounts due
and owing to the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders under the
Basic Documents will be secured by a security interest in the Additional Class B
Collateral.

                  4. The Issuer has issued the Class A Notes in favor of the
Class A Note Purchaser and has obtained the agreement of the Class A Note
Purchaser to purchase the Class A Notes and to purchase increases in the Class A
Notes from time to time (each, a "CLASS A ADVANCE"), all of which Class A
Advances (including the initial Class A Advance) will constitute Class A
Advances and will be evidenced by the Class A Notes purchased in connection
herewith. Each Class A Advance and all Class A Advance Amounts with respect
thereto will be secured by all of the Collateral regardless of whether a
particular Receivable was pledged to the Trustee prior to, on the date of, or
subsequent to the date of such Class A Advance or Class A Advance Amount, and
will be senior to all Class B Advances, all Class B Advance Amounts and any and
all other amounts due and owing to the Class B Note Purchaser and the Class B
Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents, which are also secured by all of
the Collateral. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
other Basic Documents, the Class A Note Purchaser is willing to purchase the


                                      -1-
<PAGE>

Class A Advances from time to time in an aggregate outstanding amount up to the
Class A Maximum Invested Amount until the Class A Facility Termination Date. CPS
has joined in this Agreement to confirm certain representations, warranties and
covenants made by it as Servicer and as Seller for the benefit of the Class A
Note Purchaser.

                  5. The Notes are subject to the terms and provisions of an
Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2007 (as the same may be
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof), by and among UBS Real Estate Securities
Inc., as Class A Note Purchaser and the initial Class A Noteholder, The Patriot
Group, LLC and Waterfall Eden Fund, LP, each as a Class B Note Purchaser and as
an initial Class B Note Purchaser, Page Funding LLC, as Issuer and Purchaser,
Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., as Seller and Servicer, and Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as Collateral Agent, Trustee and Note Paying Agent.

                                    ARTICLE I
                                   DEFINITIONS

         SECTION 1.01 DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement and unless the
context requires a different meaning, capitalized terms used but not defined
herein (including the preamble and the recitals hereto) shall have the meanings
assigned to such terms in Annex A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The
definitions of such terms are applicable to the singular as well as the plural
form of such terms and to the masculine as well as the feminine and neuter
genders of such terms:

                                   ARTICLE II
                          PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE NOTE

         SECTION 2.01 THE INITIAL NOTE PURCHASE. On the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, and in reliance on the
covenants, representations and agreements set forth herein and therein, the
Issuer shall issue and cause the Trustee to authenticate and deliver to the
Class A Note Purchaser an amended and restated Class A Note on the Class B
Closing Date. The amended and restated Class A Note shall be dated the Class B
Closing Date, registered in the name of "UBS Real Estate Securities Inc." and
duly authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture.

         SECTION 2.02 ADVANCES. Upon the Issuer's request, delivered in
accordance with the provisions of SECTION 2.03, subject to the satisfaction of
all conditions precedent thereto and to the terms and conditions of the Basic
Documents, and in reliance upon the representations and warranties set forth
herein and therein, the Class A Note Purchaser shall purchase Class A Advances
from time to time during the Class A Term at the relevant Class A Advance
Amount; provided that no Class A Advance shall be required or permitted to be
purchased on any date if, after giving effect to such Class A Advance, (a) the
Class A Invested Amount would exceed the Class A Maximum Invested Amount or (b)
a Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency exists or would exist. Subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, the aggregate
principal amount of the Class A Notes outstanding may be increased, to a maximum
amount not to exceed the Class A Maximum Advance Amount, or decreased from time
to time.

         SECTION 2.03 ADVANCE AND PREPAYMENT PROCEDURES.

                  (a) Whenever the Issuer wishes the Class A Note Purchaser to
purchase a Class A Advance, the Issuer shall (or shall cause the Servicer to)
notify the Class A Note Purchaser by telephone, promptly followed by written
notice, with an electronic copy of such notice sent to the Class A Note
Purchaser, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT B hereto (each such request, a
"CLASS A ADVANCE REQUEST"), together with the related Addition Notice, a Class A


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

Borrowing Base Certificate and a data tape or other electronic file containing
information regarding the Related Receivables to be transferred on such Class A
Funding Date delivered to the Class A Note Purchaser no later than two (2)
Business Days prior to the proposed Class A Funding Date. Each such Class A
Advance Request shall be irrevocable and shall in each case refer to this
Agreement and specify the aggregate amount of the requested Class A Advance to
be purchased on such date, which amount shall be not less than $2,000,000. The
Class A Note Purchaser shall promptly thereafter (but in no event later than
11:00 a.m. New York City time on the proposed Class A Funding Date) notify the
Issuer whether the Class A Note Purchaser has determined to purchase the
requested Class A Advance. On the Class A Funding Date specified in the Class A
Advance Request, subject to the other conditions set forth herein and in the
other Basic Documents, the Class A Note Purchaser shall pay the Class A Advance
Amount for such Class A Advance to or at the direction of the Issuer, by wire
transfer in U.S. dollars of such amount in same day funds to an account
designated by the Issuer or its designee by no later than 4:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on the related Class A Funding Date. The Issuer hereby directs the
Class A Note Purchaser to pay the Class A Advance Amount for each Class A
Advance to CPS for the benefit of the Issuer.

                  (b) The Class A Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part in
accordance with Article X of the Indenture.

         SECTION 2.04 THE CLASS A NOTES. On each date a Class A Advance is
purchased, increasing the outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes, and
on each date the outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes is reduced, a
duly authorized officer, employee or agent of the Class A Note Purchaser shall
make appropriate notations in its books and records of the amount of such Class
A Advance made by the Class A Note Purchaser and the amount of such reduction,
as applicable, applied by the Class A Note Purchaser. The Issuer hereby
authorizes each duly authorized officer, employee and agent of the Class A Note
Purchaser to make such notations on the books and records as aforesaid and every
such notation made in accordance with the foregoing authority shall be PRIMA
FACIE evidence of the accuracy of the information so recorded and shall be
binding on the Issuer absent manifest error.

         SECTION 2.05 COMMITMENT TERM; OPTIONAL RENEWAL. The term of the
Commitment hereunder (the "CLASS A TERM") shall be for a period commencing on
the Class B Closing Date and ending on the Class A Facility Termination Date.
Thereafter, the Class A Term may be extended for one additional 364-day period
in the respective discretion, and upon the mutual agreement of the parties,
which agreement may take the form of changing the specified "Class A Facility
Termination Date" together with such other terms upon which the parties may
agree. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this SECTION 2.05
shall obligate any of the parties hereto to extend any Class A Term unless it
shall desire to do so in its sole discretion.

         SECTION 2.06 APPOINTMENT OF TRUSTEE UNDER INDENTURE. The Class A Note
Purchaser hereby acknowledges and approves the appointment of Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association as the Trustee with respect to the Collateral pursuant to
Section 6.13 of the Indenture.

                                   ARTICLE III
                                INTEREST AND FEES

         SECTION 3.01 INTEREST. Each Class A Advance funded or maintained by the
Class A Note Purchaser during any Interest Period shall bear interest at the
Class A Note Interest Rate.

                  (a) Interest on Class A Advances shall be due and payable on
each Settlement Date in accordance with the provisions of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

                  (b) All computations of interest at the Class A Note Interest
Rate shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days and the actual number of
days elapsed. Whenever any payment of interest or principal in respect of any
Class A Advance shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time
shall be included in the computation of the amount of interest owed.

         SECTION 3.02 FEES.

                  (a) On the Class B Closing Date, the Issuer and the Servicer
jointly and severally paid to the Class A Note Purchaser a structuring fee equal
to the product of (x) 1.00% and (y) the Class B Maximum Invested Amount as of
the Class B Closing Date.

                  (b) The Issuer and the Servicer shall jointly and severally
pay or cause to be paid the Class A Note Purchaser's reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses, including its legal fees, in accordance with and subject to Section
8.05.

                  (c) On each Settlement Date on or prior to the Class A
Facility Termination Date, the Issuer and the Servicer shall jointly and
severally pay or cause to be paid to the Class A Note Purchaser a facility fee
equal to the product of (i) the product of (x) a fraction, the numerator of
which is the actual number of days elapsed in the related Interest Period and
the denominator of which is 360 and (y) 0.25% and (ii) the excess of (x) the
Class A Maximum Invested Amount over (y) the daily average outstanding Invested
Amount (the "CLASS A UNUSED FACILITY FEE") during the related Interest Period.

         SECTION 3.03 INCREASED COSTS, ETC. The Issuer agrees to reimburse the
Class A Note Purchaser for an increase in the cost of, or any reduction in the
amount of any sum receivable by the Class A Note Purchaser, including reductions
in the rate of return on the Class A Note Purchaser's capital, in respect of
making, continuing or maintaining (or of its obligation to make, continue or
maintain) any Class A Advances that arise in connection with any change in, or
the introduction, adoption, effectiveness, interpretation reinterpretation or
phase-in, in each case, after the date hereof, of any law or regulation,
directive, guideline, accounting rule, decision or request (whether or not
having the force of law) of any court, central bank, regulator or other
Governmental Authority, except for such changes with respect to increased
capital costs and taxes which are governed by SECTIONS 3.04 and 3.05,
respectively. Each such demand shall be provided to the Issuer in writing and
shall state, in reasonable detail, the reasons therefor and the additional
amount required fully to compensate the Class A Note Purchaser for such
increased cost or reduced amount or return. Such additional amounts shall be
payable by the Issuer to the Class A Note Purchaser within five (5) Business
Days of its receipt of such notice, and such notice shall, in the absence of
manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer.

         SECTION 3.04 INCREASED CAPITAL COSTS. If any change in, or the
introduction, adoption, effectiveness, interpretation or reinterpretation or
phase-in, in each case after the date hereof, of any law or regulation,
directive, guideline, accounting rule, decision or request (whether or not
having the force of law) of any court, central bank, regulator or other
Governmental Authority affects or would affect the amount of capital required or
reasonably expected to be maintained by the Class A Note Purchaser or any Person
controlling the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Note Purchaser reasonably
determines that the rate of return on its or such controlling Person's capital
as a consequence of its commitment or the purchases of Advances or the
maintenance of the Class A Notes by the Class A Note Purchaser is reduced to a
level below that which the Class A Note Purchaser or such controlling Person
would have achieved but for the occurrence of any such circumstance, then, in
any such case after notice from time to time by the Class A Note Purchaser to
the Issuer, the Issuer shall pay to the Class A Note Purchaser an incremental
commitment fee sufficient to compensate the Class A Note Purchaser or such
controlling Person for such reduction in rate of return. A statement of the
Class A Note Purchaser as to any such additional amount or amounts (including
calculations thereof in reasonable detail), in the absence of manifest error,
shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer; and PROVIDED, FURTHER, that the


                                      -4-
<PAGE>

initial payment of such increased commitment fee shall include a payment for
accrued amounts due under this SECTION 3.03 prior to such initial payment. In
determining such additional amount, the Class A Note Purchaser may use any
method of averaging and attribution that it shall reasonably deem applicable so
long as it applies such method to other similar transactions.

         SECTION 3.05 TAXES. All payments by the Issuer of principal of, and
interest on, the Class A Notes and all other amounts (including fees) payable by
the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer hereunder or under any
other Basic Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for
any present or future income, excise, stamp or franchise taxes and other taxes,
fees, duties, withholdings or other charges of any nature whatsoever imposed by
any taxing authority, but excluding in the case of the Class A Note Purchaser,
taxes imposed by the United States on or measured by its overall net income,
overall receipts or overall assets and franchise taxes imposed on it by the
jurisdiction in which the Class A Note Purchaser is organized or is operating or
any political subdivision thereof (such non-excluded items being called
"TAXES"); PROVIDED THAT, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the
Issuer shall not be required to increase any amounts payable to the Class A Note
Purchaser with respect to any Taxes that are imposed on the Class A Note
Purchaser at the time of acquisition of the Class A Notes by the Class A Note
Purchaser. In the event that any withholding or deduction from any payment to be
made by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer hereunder and/or
under any other Basic Document is required in respect of any Taxes pursuant to
any applicable law, rule or regulation, then the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be, will:

                  (a) pay directly to the relevant authority the full amount
required to be so withheld or deducted;

                  (b) promptly forward to the Class A Note Purchaser or its
agent an official receipt or other documentation evidencing such payment to such
authority; and

                  (c) pay to the Class A Note Purchaser or its agent such
additional amount or amounts as is necessary to ensure that the net amount
actually received by the Class A Note Purchaser will equal the full amount the
Class A Note Purchaser would have received had no such withholding or deduction
been required.

                  Moreover, if any Taxes are directly asserted against the Class
A Note Purchaser with respect to any payment received by the Class A Note
Purchaser or its agent, the Class A Note Purchaser or such agent may pay such
Taxes and the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer will promptly
upon receipt of prior written notice stating the amount of such Taxes pay such
additional amounts (including any penalties, interest or expenses) as is
necessary in order that the net amount received by such person after the payment
of such Taxes (including any Taxes on such additional amount) shall equal the
amount the Class A Note Purchaser would have received had not such Taxes been
asserted. The Class A Note Purchaser shall make all reasonable efforts to avoid
the imposition of any Taxes that would give rise to an additional payment under
this SECTION 3.05.

                  If the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer fails
to pay any Taxes when due to the appropriate taxing authority or fails to remit
to the Class A Note Purchaser or its agent the required receipts or other
required documentary evidence, the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the
Servicer, as applicable, shall indemnify the Class A Note Purchaser and its
agent, if any, for any Taxes and incremental Taxes, interest or penalties that
may become payable by the Class A Note Purchaser or its agent as a result of any
such failure. For purposes of this SECTION 3.05, a distribution hereunder by the
agent for the Class A Note Purchaser shall be deemed a payment by the Issuer.

                  Upon the request of the Issuer, the Class A Note Purchaser, if
it is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States,
shall, prior to the initial due date of any payments hereunder and to the extent
permissible under then current law, execute and deliver to the Issuer on or
about the first scheduled payment date in each calendar year thereafter, one or
more (as the Issuer may reasonably request) United States Internal Revenue


                                      -5-
<PAGE>

Service Forms W-8ECI or Forms W-8BEN or such other forms or documents (or
successor forms or documents), appropriately completed, as may be applicable to
establish the extent, if any, to which a payment to the Class A Note Purchaser
is exempt from withholding or deduction of Taxes. The Issuer shall not, however,
be required to pay any increased amount under this SECTION 3.05 to the Class A
Note Purchaser if the Class A Note Purchaser fails to comply with the
requirements set forth in this paragraph.

         SECTION 3.06 MARK-TO-MARKET ADJUSTMENTS.

                  (a) The Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser and the Issuer
shall cooperate with the Class A Note Purchaser and will execute and deliver, or
cause to be executed and delivered, all such documents that may be reasonably
necessary to calculate the Market Value, and will take all such other actions,
as the Class A Note Purchaser may reasonably request from time to time in order
to calculate the Market Value. On each Tuesday (provided such Tuesday is a
Business Day) of each calendar week during the Class A Term, the Class A Note
Purchaser shall advise the Servicer of the Market Value (as calculated by the
Class A Note Purchaser in its sole discretion) and, in reliance upon and subject
to Section 3.06(b), the Class A Note Purchaser consents to the Servicer advising
the Class B Note Purchaser of such Market Value.

                  (b) In connection with the Class A Note Purchaser's provision
of the Market Value to the Servicer and the Servicer's provision of such Market
Value to the Class B Note Purchaser, in each case pursuant to Section 3.06(a),
each of the Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser and the Issuer expressly
acknowledges and agrees that the Class A Note Purchaser is agreeing to permit
the Servicer to furnish the Market Value to the Class B Note Purchaser solely as
an accommodation in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the other Basic Documents. The Class A Note Purchaser makes no
representation or warranty (whether express or implied, oral or written) as to
the accuracy or completeness, or fitness for a particular use, of the Market
Value, and assumes no responsibility whatsoever to the Servicer, the Seller, the
Purchaser, the Issuer, the Class B Note Purchasers or the Class B Noteholders in
connection with its calculation of Market Value or any use of such Market Value
by the Servicer, the Seller, the Issuer, the Purchaser, any Class B Note
Purchaser, any Class B Noteholder, any of their respective affiliates or any
other Person and, consequently, the Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser, the
Issuer, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders are not relying
upon the Class A Note Purchaser for the Market Value in such regard. In
consideration of the Class A Note Purchaser's providing the Market Value to the
Servicer and permitting the provision of such Market Value to the Class B Note
Purchasers from time to time, for which the Class A Note Purchaser is not
receiving any compensation, each of the Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser and
the Issuer hereby unconditionally and irrevocably releases and discharges the
Class A Note Purchaser and its respective affiliates, directors, officers,
agents, employees and representatives from, and each of the initial Servicer,
the Seller, the Purchaser and the Issuer hereby agrees, jointly and severally,
to indemnify, hold harmless and reimburse the Class A Note Purchaser and its
respective affiliates, directors, officers, agents, employees and
representatives with respect to, any and all actions, liabilities, losses,
damages or claims of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without
limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and expenses and expenses of litigation),
as incurred, that may be imposed on or incurred by or asserted against the Class
A Note Purchaser or any such other Person or Persons in any way relating to or
arising out of (i) the Class A Note Purchaser's calculation of Market Value,
(ii) the Class A Note Purchaser's provision of such Market Value to the
Servicer, (iii) the Servicer's provision of such Market Value to the Class B
Note Purchaser, (iv) the use of such Market Value by any of the Servicer, the
Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B
Noteholder, any of their respective affiliates or any other Person in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic
Documents or otherwise, or (v) with respect to any Pledged Subordinate
Securities issued in connection with a Securitization Transaction, the lead
placement agent's calculation of the market value thereof for purposes of the
definition of Class B Borrowing Base. Indemnification under this Section 3.06(b)
shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents.
These indemnity obligations shall be in addition to any obligations that the
initial Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser or the Issuer may otherwise have
under applicable law, hereunder or under any other Basic Document.

                  (c) In the event that a Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency
exists on any date of determination as determined by the Class A Note Purchaser
in its sole discretion, the Issuer shall on the same Business Day of the receipt
of notice from the Class A Note Purchaser (or if notice is received after 10:01
a.m. New York time, then on the next Business Day) prepay the Class A Invested
Amount by an amount equal to such Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency by paying
such amount to or at the direction of the Class A Note Purchaser. If a Class A
Borrowing Base Deficiency is not fully paid by the Issuer pursuant to the


                                      -6-
<PAGE>

immediately preceding sentence, then (i) on any Class A Funding Date, the Class
A Note Purchaser shall net and set-off the amount of any outstanding Class A
Borrowing Base Deficiency against the amount of the Class A Advance to be made
on such Class A Funding Date and (ii) on each Settlement Date as of which any
portion of such Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency shall remain outstanding, any
amount otherwise payable to the Deposit Account on such Settlement Date pursuant
to Section 5.7(a)(xii) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement shall instead be paid
to the Class A Note Purchaser on such Settlement Date as a prepayment of the
Class A Invested Amount (the "CLASS A MARGIN CALL").

                  (d) The Class A Note Purchaser will not materially change the
methodology by which it calculates the Market Value (such materiality to be
determined by the Class A Note Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion)
without providing prior written notice of such change to the Servicer and each
Class B Note Purchaser.

         SECTION 3.07 ILLEGALITY; SUBSTITUTED INTEREST RATES.

                  Notwithstanding any other provisions herein, (a) if any
Requirement of Law or any change therein or in the interpretation or application
thereof shall make it unlawful for the Class A Note Purchaser to make or
maintain any Class A Notes at the LIBOR rate as contemplated by this Agreement,
or (b) in the event that the Class A Note Purchaser shall have determined (which
determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer) that by reason of
circumstances affecting the LIBOR interbank market neither adequate nor
reasonable means exist for ascertaining the LIBOR rate, or (c) the Class A Note
Purchaser shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and
binding on the Issuer) that the applicable LIBOR rate will not adequately and
fairly reflect the cost to the Class A Note Purchaser of maintaining or funding
the Class A Notes based on such applicable LIBOR rate (provided that the parties
hereto acknowledge and agree that the Class A Note Purchaser shall only make
such determination if the published LIBOR rate used by the Class A Note
Purchaser does not accurately reflect the actual LIBOR rate), (x) the obligation
of the Class A Note Purchaser to make or maintain the Class A Notes at the LIBOR
rate shall forthwith be suspended and the Class A Note Purchaser shall promptly
notify the Issuer thereof (by telephone confirmed in writing) and (y) each Class
A Note then outstanding, if any, shall, from and including the date that is
forty-five (45) days after the Issuer's receipt of notice from the Class A Note
Purchaser of the occurrence of any condition set forth in clauses (a), (b) or
(c), or at such earlier date as may be required by law, until payment in full
thereof, bear interest at the rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) the
Prime Rate and (ii) the rate of interest (including the Class A Applicable
Margin) in effect on the date immediately preceding the date any event described
in clause (a), (b) or (c) occurred (calculated on the basis of the actual number
of days elapsed in a year of 360 days). If subsequent to such suspension of the
obligation of the Class A Note Purchaser to make or maintain the Class A Notes
at the LIBOR rate it becomes lawful for the Class A Note Purchaser to make or
maintain the Class A Notes at the LIBOR rate, or the circumstances described in
clause (b) or (c) above no longer exist, the Class A Note Purchaser shall so
notify the Issuer and its obligation to do so shall be reinstated effective as
of the date it becomes lawful for the Class A Note Purchaser to make or maintain
the Class A Notes at the LIBOR rate or the circumstances described in clause (b)
or (c) above no longer exist.


                                   ARTICLE IV
                               OTHER PAYMENT TERMS

         SECTION 4.01 TIME AND METHOD OF PAYMENT. Unless otherwise specified
herein, all amounts payable to the Class A Note Purchaser hereunder or with
respect to the Class A Notes shall be made by wire transfer of immediately
available funds in Dollars not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the
due date therefor. Any funds received after that time will be deemed to have
been received on the next Business Day.

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE V
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         SECTION 5.01 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ISSUER. The Issuer
makes the following representations and warranties (references to the Issuer
hereunder include the Purchaser), on which the Class A Note Purchaser relies in
purchasing the Class A Notes and in making each Class A Advance, and on which
the Trustee relies in receiving a security interest in the Receivables and the
other Collateral related thereto under the Indenture. Such representations are
made as of the date of this Agreement and as of each Class A Funding Date, and
shall survive the issuance of the Class A Notes, the making of each Class A
Advance and the grant of a security interest in the Receivables and the other
Collateral related thereto to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers
and the Noteholders under the Indenture.

                  (a) SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT AND CLASS B NOTE PURCHASE
AGREEMENT. Each of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth
in Section 7.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement is true and correct. The
representations and warranties of the Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser and
the Issuer in the Basic Documents are true and correct.

                  (b) OTHER OBLIGATIONS. The Issuer is not in default in the
performance, observance or fulfillment of any obligation, covenant or condition
in any of the Basic Documents to which it is a party or in any other agreement
or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound.

                  (c) NO PUBLIC OFFERING OF THE NOTES. Neither the Issuer nor,
to the best of the Issuer's knowledge after due inquiry, anyone acting on the
Issuer's behalf, has offered, pledged, sold or otherwise disposed of any Note or
any interest therein or solicited any offer to buy or accept a transfer, pledge
or other disposition of any Note or any interest therein or otherwise approached
or negotiated with respect to any Note or any interest therein, with any person
in any manner, or made any general solicitation by means of general advertising
or in any other manner, or taken any other action, which would constitute a
public distribution of the Notes under the Securities Act, or which would render
the disposition of any Note a violation of Section 5 of the Securities Act or
any State securities laws, or require registration or qualification pursuant
thereto.

                  (d) NO REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. Assuming the
Class A Note Purchaser is not purchasing the Class A Notes with a view toward
further distribution and that the Class A Note Purchaser has not engaged in any
general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of the Securities
Act, the offer and sale of the Class A Notes in the manner contemplated by this
Agreement is a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act, and the Indenture is not required to be qualified under the
Trust Indenture Act.

                  (e) REGULATIONS T, U AND X. No proceeds of any Class A Advance
will be used, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer for the purpose of
purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) or for the purpose of reducing or
retiring any indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry
Margin Stock or for any other purpose which might cause any Class A Advance to
be a "purpose credit" within the meaning of Regulation U. Neither the making of
any Class A Advance hereunder, nor the use of the proceeds thereof, will violate
or otherwise conflict with the provisions of Regulations T, U or X of the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

                  (f) INVESTMENT COMPANY STATUS. The Issuer is not, nor will the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents cause the
Issuer to be, an "investment company" or an "affiliated person" of, or
"promoter" or "principal underwriter" for, an "investment company," as such
terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
"INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"), or a company "controlled" by an investment company
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents will not violate any provision
of the Investment Company Act or any rule, regulation or order issued by the
Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder. The Issuer is not subject to
regulation under any applicable law (other than Regulation X of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System) that limits its ability to incur
Indebtedness.

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

                  (g) FULL DISCLOSURE. The information, reports, financial
statements, exhibits, schedules, officer's certificates and other documents
furnished by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Seller, the Servicer, the Class A
Note Purchaser, the Trustee or the Backup Servicer in connection with any
particular Class A Advance or the negotiation, preparation, delivery or
performance of this Agreement, the Class A Notes, the Indenture, the Sale and
Servicing Agreement and the other Basic Documents or included herein or therein
or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, taken as a whole, are true and correct
(or, in the case of projections, are based on good faith reasonable estimates)
on the date as of which such information is stated or certified and do not and
will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact, or omit to state any
material fact necessary to make the statements herein or therein contained, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All
such financial statements fairly present the financial condition of the Issuer
as of the date specified therein (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments)
all in accordance with GAAP. On such date, the Issuer had no material contingent
liabilities, liabilities for taxes, or unusual or anticipated losses from any
unfavorable commitments, except as referred to or reflected in such financial
statements as of such date. There is no fact known to the Issuer, after due
inquiry, that would have a Material Adverse Effect and that has not been
disclosed herein, in the other Basic Documents or in a report, financial
statement, exhibit, schedule, disclosure letter or other writing furnished to
the Class A Note Purchaser for use in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby.

                  (h) COLLATERAL SECURITY.

                           (i) The Issuer owns and will own each item that it
         pledges as Collateral or UBS Cross Collateral, as the case may be, free
         and clear of any and all Liens (including, without limitation, any tax
         liens), other than Liens created pursuant to the Indenture. No security
         agreement, financing statement or other public notice similar in effect
         with respect to all or any part of the Collateral or the UBS Cross
         Collateral is or will be on file or of record in any public office or
         authorized by the Issuer, except (A) such as have been or may
         hereinafter be filed with respect to the Collateral or the UBS Cross
         Collateral pursuant to the Basic Documents, and (B) such as shall be
         terminated as to the Collateral or the UBS Cross Collateral no later
         than concurrently with the pledge of such Collateral or UBS Cross
         Collateral under the Indenture.

                           (ii) (A) Granting Clause I of the Indenture is
         effective to create, as collateral security for the Notes and the other
         obligations to the Class A Note Purchaser, a valid and enforceable Lien
         on the Collateral in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the Note
         Purchasers and the Noteholders; and (B) Granting Clause III of the
         Indenture is effective to create, as collateral security for the Class
         B notes issued under the Bear Indenture and the other obligations to
         the Class B note purchasers under the Bear Basic Documents, a valid and
         enforceable Lien on the UBS Cross Collateral in favor of the Bear
         Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and
         the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents, in each case,
         subject to the Intercreditor Agreements.

                           (iii) The Liens created pursuant to the Indenture (a)
         constitute a perfected security interest in the Collateral in favor of
         the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders,
         subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, (b) constitute a perfected
         security interest in the UBS Cross Collateral in favor of the Bear
         Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and
         the Class B noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents, subject to the
         Intercreditor Agreement, (c) are prior to all other Liens of all other
         Persons that may be perfected by filing a financing statement under
         Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code (other than, in the case of
         the UBS Cross Collateral, the Lien created by Granting Clause I of the
         Indenture) and (d) are enforceable as such as against all other
         Persons.

                           (iv) Upon delivery of Contracts evidencing the
         Receivables to the Trustee in accordance with Section 2.1(a) of the
         Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Lien created pursuant to the
         Indenture will constitute a perfected security interest in such
         Contracts in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the Note
         Purchasers and the Noteholders, which Lien will be prior to all other
         Liens of all other Persons that may be perfected by possession of such
         Contracts under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code and which Lien
         is enforceable as such as against all other Persons.

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

                  (i) NO CLASS A FUNDING TERMINATION EVENT. No Class A Funding
Termination Event, or event which, with the giving of notice or the passage of
time or both would constitute a Class A Funding Termination Event, has occurred
and is continuing.

                  (j) OWNERSHIP OF PROPERTIES. The Issuer has good and
marketable title to any and all of its properties and assets, subject only to
the Liens under the Indenture.

                  (k) LEGAL COUNSEL, ETC. The Issuer has consulted with its own
legal counsel and independent accountants to the extent it has deemed necessary
regarding the tax, accounting and regulatory consequences of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, and the Issuer is
not participating in such transactions in reliance on any representations of the
Class A Note Purchaser or its Affiliates, or its counsel, with respect to tax,
accounting, regulatory or any other matters.

                  (l) BASIC DOCUMENTS. The Issuer has furnished to the Class A
Note Purchaser true, accurate and (except as otherwise consented by the Class A
Note Purchaser) complete copies of all other Basic Documents to which it is a
party as of the date of this Agreement, all of which Basic Documents are in full
force and effect as of the date of this Agreement and no terms of any such
agreements or documents have been amended, modified or otherwise waived as of
such date. No party to any Basic Document is in default under any of its
obligations thereunder.

                  (m) THE INDENTURE. Each of the representations and warranties
of the Issuer contained in the Indenture is true and correct. No party to any
Basic Document is in default under any of its obligations thereunder.

                  (n) ELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES. All of the Receivables included in
the Class A Borrowing Base are Eligible Receivables.

                  (o) NO FRAUDULENT CONVEYANCE. As of the Closing Date and
immediately after giving effect to each Class A Advance, the fair value of the
assets of the Issuer is greater than the fair value of its liabilities
(including, without limitation, contingent liabilities of the Issuer), and the
Issuer is and will be solvent, does and will pay its debts as they mature and
does not and will not have an unreasonably small capital to engage in the
business in which it is engaged and proposes to engage. The Issuer does not
intend to incur, or believe that it has incurred, debts beyond its ability to
pay such debts as they mature. The Issuer is not in default under any material
obligation to pay money to any Person. The Issuer is not contemplating the
commencement of insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or consolidation proceedings
or the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, conservator, trustee or similar
official in respect of the Issuer or any of its assets. The Issuer is not
transferring any Collateral or any UBS Cross Collateral with any intent to
hinder, delay or defraud any of its creditors. The Issuer will not use the
proceeds from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Basic
Document to give any preference to any creditor or class of creditors. The
Issuer has given fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value in exchange
for the sale of the Receivables by CPS under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  (p) NO OTHER BUSINESS. The Issuer engages in no business
activities other than the purchase or acquisition of the Collateral and the
Pledged Subordinate Securities, pledging the Collateral, and the Pledged
Subordinate Securities and the UBS Cross Collateral under the Indenture,
transferring the Collateral in connection with Securitization Transactions and
in connection with whole-loan or other asset sales, issuing the Notes and other
activities relating to the foregoing to the extent permitted by the
organizational documents of the Issuer as in effect on the date hereof, or as
amended with the prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser.
Without limitation of the foregoing, the Issuer is not an issuer of securities
other than the Notes or a borrower under any loan or financing agreement,
facility or other arrangement other than the facility established pursuant to
this Agreement and the other Basic Documents.

                  (q) CLASS A NOTES ENTITLED TO BENEFIT OF THE INDENTURE. The
Class A Notes purchased by the Class A Note Purchaser hereunder will be entitled
to the benefit of the security provided in the Indenture.

                  (r) NO INDEBTEDNESS. The Issuer has no Indebtedness, other
than Indebtedness incurred under (or contemplated by) the terms of the Basic
Documents.

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

                  (s) ERISA. The Issuer does not maintain any Plans, and the
Issuer agrees to notify the Class A Note Purchaser in advance of forming any
Plans. Neither the Issuer nor any Affiliate of the Issuer (other than MFN under
the MFN Financial Corporation Pension Plan and CPS under its defined
contribution (401(k)) plan) has any obligations or liabilities with respect to
any Plans or Multiemployer Plans, nor have any such Persons had any obligations
or liabilities with respect to any such Plans during the five year period prior
to the date this representation is made or deemed made. The Issuer will give
notice to the Class A Note Purchaser if at any time it or any Affiliate has any
obligations or liabilities with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan. All
Plans maintained by the Issuer or any Affiliate are in substantial compliance
with all applicable laws (including ERISA). The Issuer is not an employer under
any Multiemployer Plan.

         SECTION 5.02 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CPS. CPS makes the
following representations and warranties, on which the Issuer relies in
purchasing the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property related thereto, and
on which the Class A Note Purchaser relies in purchasing its Class A Notes. Such
representations and warranties are made as of the date of this Agreement and as
of each Class A Funding Date, and shall survive the sale by CPS to the Purchaser
of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property related thereto under the
Sale and Servicing Agreement, the issuance of the Class A Notes, the purchase of
each Class A Advance and the grant of a security interest in the Receivables and
the other Collateral related thereto by the Issuer to the Trustee for the
benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders under the Indenture.

                  (a) SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT AND CLASS B NOTE PURCHASE
AGREEMENT. Each of the representations, warranties and covenants of the Seller
and the Servicer in the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Basic Documents is
true and correct.

                  (b) INVESTMENT COMPANY STATUS. CPS is not, nor will the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents cause CPS
to be, an "investment company" or an "affiliated person" of, or "promoter" or
"principal underwriter" for, an "investment company," as such terms are defined
in the Investment Company Act or a company "controlled by" an investment company
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each other Basic Document to
which CPS is a party will not violate any provision of such Act or any rule,
regulation or order issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder.
CPS is not subject to regulation under any applicable law (other than Regulation
X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) that limits its
ability to incur Indebtedness.

                  (c) NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT; NO DEFAULT. (i) CPS is not a
party to any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any lease or other agreement
or instrument or subject to any charter or corporate restriction that could
have, and no provision of applicable law or governmental regulation has had or
would have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) CPS is not in default under or
with respect to any contract, agreement, lease or other instrument to which CPS
is a party and which is material to CPS's condition (financial or otherwise),
business, operations or properties, and CPS has not delivered or received any
notice of default thereunder, other than such defaults as have been waived.

                  (d) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CPS UNDER BASIC
DOCUMENTS. Each representation and warranty made by it in each Basic Document to
which it is a party (including any representation and warranties made by it as
Servicer) is true and correct as of the date originally made, as of the date of
this Agreement and as of and after giving effect to the making of each Class A
Advance as if made on and as of the making of each Class A Advance as if set
forth in full herein.

                  (e) NO PUBLIC OFFERING OF NOTES. Neither the Servicer nor, to
the best of the Servicer's knowledge after due inquiry, anyone acting on the
Servicer's behalf, has offered, transferred, pledged, sold or otherwise disposed
of any Note or any interest therein, or solicited any offer to buy or accept a
transfer, pledge or other disposition of any Note or any interest therein or
otherwise approached or negotiated, with respect to any Note or any interest
therein, with any person in any manner, or made any general solicitation by
means of general advertising or in any other manner, or taken any other action,
which would constitute a public distribution of the Notes under the Securities
Act, or which would render the disposition of any Note a violation of Section 5
of the Securities Act or any state securities laws, or require registration or
qualification pursuant thereto.

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

                  (f) REGULATIONS T, U AND X. No proceeds of any Class A Advance
will be used, directly or indirectly, by CPS for the purpose of purchasing or
carrying any Margin Stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System) or for the purpose of reducing or retiring any
indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry Margin Stock or
for any other purpose which might cause any Class A Advance to be a "purpose
credit" within the meaning of Regulation U. Neither the making of any Class A
Advance hereunder, nor the use of the proceeds thereof, will violate or
otherwise conflict with the provisions of Regulations T, U or X of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

                  (g) SECURITY INTEREST. Notwithstanding the intent of the
parties set forth in Section 2.2 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Sale
and Servicing Agreement is effective to create a valid and enforceable Lien on
the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property in favor of the Issuer. The Lien
created pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement (a) constitutes a first
priority perfected security interest in the Receivables and the Other Conveyed
Property in favor of the Purchaser, (b) is prior to all other Liens, if any, on
the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property, and (c) is enforceable as such
as against all Persons.

                  (h) FULL DISCLOSURE. The information, reports, financial
statements, exhibits, schedules, officer's certificates and other documents
furnished by or on behalf of CPS, the Servicer, the Seller or any of their
respective Affiliates to the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Class A Note Purchaser,
the Trustee or the Backup Servicer in connection with any particular Class A
Advance or the negotiation, preparation, delivery or performance of this
Agreement, the Class A Notes and the other Basic Documents or included herein or
therein or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, taken as a whole, are true and
correct in every material respect (or, in the case of projections, are based on
good faith reasonable estimates) on the date as of which such information is
stated or certified and do not and will not contain an untrue statement of a
material fact, or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the
statements herein or therein contained, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. All such financial statements fairly
present the financial condition of CPS or such Affiliates as of the date
specified therein (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments) all in
accordance with GAAP. On such date, neither CPS nor any of its Affiliates had
any material contingent liabilities, liabilities for taxes, or unusual or
anticipated losses from any unfavorable commitments, except as referred to or
reflected in such financial statements as of such date. There is no fact known
to CPS or any of its Affiliates, after due inquiry, that would have a Material
Adverse Effect and that has not been disclosed herein, in the other Basic
Documents or in a report, financial statement, exhibit, schedule, disclosure
letter or other writing furnished to the Class A Note Purchaser for use in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

                  (i) ERISA. Neither CPS nor any of its Affiliates maintain any
Plans (other than CPS's defined contribution (401(k)) plan and the MFN Financial
Corporation Pension Plan), and CPS agrees to notify the Class A Note Purchaser
in advance of forming any Plans. Neither CPS nor any of its Affiliates has any
obligations or liabilities with respect to any Plans or Multiemployer Plans
(other than CPS's defined contribution (401(k)) plan and the MFN Financial
Corporation Pension Plan), nor have any such Persons had any obligations or
liabilities with respect to any such Plans during the five year period prior to
the date this representation is made or deemed made. CPS will give notice to the
Class A Note Purchaser if at any time it or any Affiliate has any obligations or
liabilities with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan. All Plans maintained
by CPS or any of its Affiliates are in substantial compliance with all
applicable laws (including ERISA). CPS is not an employer under any
Multiemployer Plan.

                  (j) CLASS A BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE. The information set
forth in the Class A Borrowing Base Certificate is true and correct in all
material respects.

                  (k) INSURANCE. During the Class A Term, CPS shall maintain
such insurance as is generally acceptable to prudent institutional investors and
usual and customary for similar companies in its industry.

         SECTION 5.03 REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE CLASS A
NOTE PURCHASER. The Class A Note Purchaser hereby covenants to the Issuer and
the Servicer that it will perform the obligations required of it under the Basic
Documents in accordance with the terms of the Basic Documents. In addition, the
Class A Note Purchaser represents and warrants to the Issuer and the Servicer,
as of the date hereof (or as of a subsequent date on which a successor or


                                      -12-
<PAGE>

assignee of the Class A Note Purchaser shall become a party hereto, in which
case such successor or assignee hereby represents and warrants to the Issuer and
the Servicer), that:

                  (a) it has had an opportunity to discuss the Issuer's and the
Servicer's business, management and financial affairs, and the terms and
conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents, with the
Issuer and the Servicer and their respective representatives;

                  (b) it is a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in Section
2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act) that is either (i) a "qualified
institutional buyer" as such term is defined under Rule 144A of the Securities
Act or (ii) an "accredited investor" within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2),
(3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act and has sufficient knowledge
and experience in financial and business matters to be capable of evaluating the
merits and risks of investing in, and is able and prepared to bear the economic
risk of investing in, the Class A Notes;

                  (c) it is purchasing the Class A Notes for its own account, or
for the account of one or more "qualified purchasers" (as defined in Section
2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act) that are either (i) "qualified
institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A of the Securities Act or
(ii) "accredited investors" within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or
(7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act that meet the criteria described in
SUBSECTION (b), and for which it is acting with complete investment discretion,
for investment purposes only and not with a view to distribution, subject,
nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at
all times be and remain within its control;

                  (d) it understands that the Class A Notes have not been and
will not be registered or qualified under the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities laws or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and are
being offered only in a transaction not involving any public offering within the
meaning of the Securities Act and may not be resold or otherwise transferred
unless so registered or qualified or unless an exemption from registration or
qualification is available, that the Issuer is not required to register the
Class A Notes, and that any transfer must comply with provisions of SECTION 2.5
of the Indenture and SECTION 8.03(b) of this Agreement;

                  (e) it understands that the Class A Notes will bear the legend
set out in the form of Class A Note attached as EXHIBIT A-1 to the Indenture and
be subject to the restrictions on transfer described in such legend;

                  (f) it will comply with all applicable federal and state
securities laws in connection with any subsequent resale of the Class A Notes;

                  (g) it understands that the Class A Notes may be offered,
resold, pledged or otherwise transferred, with prior written notice to the
Issuer, only (A) to the Issuer, (B) in a transaction meeting the requirements of
Rule 144A under the Securities Act, (C) outside the United States to a foreign
person in a transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S under the
Securities Act, or (D) in a transaction complying with or exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with any
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other
jurisdiction;

                  (h) if it desires to offer, sell or otherwise transfer, pledge
or hypothecate the Class A Notes as described in clause (B), (C) or (D) of the
preceding paragraph, the transferee of the Class A Notes will be required to
deliver a certificate and may under certain circumstances be required to deliver
an opinion of counsel, in each case, as described in the Indenture, reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Trustee, that an exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act applies to such offer, sale,
transfer or hypothecation. The Class A Note Purchaser understands that the
registrar and transfer agent for the Class A Notes will not be required to
accept for registration of transfer the Class A Notes acquired by it unless the
terms and conditions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of the Indenture have been
satisfied;

                  (i) it will obtain from any purchaser of the Class A Notes
substantially the same representations and warranties contained in the foregoing
paragraphs; and

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

                  (j) this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized,
executed and delivered by it and constitutes a legal, valid, binding obligation
of it, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by
equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of
whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   CONDITIONS

         SECTION 6.01 CONDITIONS TO PURCHASE. The Class A Note Purchaser will
have no obligation to purchase the amended and restated Class A Notes hereunder
unless:

                  (a) each of the Basic Documents shall be in full force and
effect and all consents, waivers and approvals necessary for the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents shall have been obtained
and shall be in full force and effect;

                  (b) at the time of such issuance, all conditions to the
issuance of the Class A Notes under the Indenture and under SECTION 2.1(b) of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement shall have been satisfied and all conditions to
the initial Class A Advance set forth under SECTION 6.02 hereof have been
satisfied;

                  (c) the Class A Note Purchaser shall have received a duly
executed, authorized and authenticated Class A Note registered as provided in
Section 2.01 and stating that the principal amount thereof shall not exceed the
Class A Maximum Invested Amount;

                  (d) the Issuer shall have paid all fees required to be paid by
it on or prior to the date hereof, including all fees required under SECTIONS
3.01 and 3.02 hereof;

                  (e) the Class A Notes purchased by the Class A Note Purchaser
hereunder shall be entitled to the benefit of the security provided in the
Indenture and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the
Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms, except as
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by
equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law;

                  (f) no Material Adverse Change shall have occurred with
respect to CPS or the Issuer since September 30, 2006;

                  (g) the Class A Note Purchaser shall have received:

                           (i) a duly executed and delivered original
         counterpart of each Basic Document (other than any Basic Document that
         contemplates delivery on a date that is after the Class B Closing
         Date), each such document being in full force and effect;

                           (ii) certified copies of charter documents and each
         amendment thereto, and resolutions of (A) the Board of Directors or
         other governing authority of each of the Issuer and the Servicer
         authorizing or ratifying the execution, delivery and performance,
         respectively, of all Basic Documents to which it is a party, (B) the
         issuance of Class A Notes contemplated hereunder and the issuance of
         the Class B Notes contemplated under the Class B Note Purchase
         Agreement and (C) the granting of the security interests contemplated
         under the Basic Documents, certified by the Secretary or an Assistant
         Secretary of each of the Issuer and the Servicer as of the Class A
         Closing Date, which certificate shall state that the resolutions
         thereby certified have not been amended, modified, revoked or rescinded
         as of the date of such certificate;

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

                           (iii) a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant
         Secretary of the Issuer and the Servicer, as applicable, certifying the
         names and the signatures of its officer or officers authorized to sign
         all transaction documents to which it is a party;

                           (iv) a certificate of a senior officer of CPS to the
         effect that the representations and warranties of the Seller and the
         Servicer in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it is
         a party are true and correct as of the date hereof, and that the Seller
         and the Servicer have complied in all material respects with all
         agreements and satisfied all conditions on their part to be performed
         or satisfied at or prior to the date hereof;

                           (v) a certificate of a senior officer of the Issuer
         to the effect that the representations and warranties of the Issuer and
         the Purchaser in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which
         it is a party are true and correct as of the Class A Closing Date and
         that the Issuer and the Purchaser have complied in all material
         respects with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on their part
         to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the date hereof;

                           (vi) legal opinions (including opinions relating to
         true sale, non-consolidation, UCC, enforceability and corporate
         matters, any of which may take the form of a "bring-down" opinion from
         the opinions issued on the Class A Closing Date) in form and substance
         satisfactory to the Class A Note Purchaser;

                           (vii) evidence satisfactory to the Class A Note
         Purchaser of completion of all necessary UCC filings and search
         reports;

                           (viii) payment of Class A Note Purchaser's reasonable
         out-of-pocket fees and expenses in accordance with SECTION 3.02(c)
         hereof;

                           (ix) copies of certificates (long form) or other
         evidence from the Secretary of State or other appropriate authority of
         the States of Delaware and California, evidencing the good standing of
         the Issuer and the Servicer in the States of Delaware and California,
         in each case, dated no earlier than 15 days prior to the Class B
         Closing Date;

                           (x) copies (which may be delivered in electronic
         format) of any commitment or agreement between the Issuer and the
         Servicer and any lender or other financial institution, other than any
         such commitment or agreement (or portion thereof) which the Class A
         Note Purchaser specifically agrees are not required to be delivered
         hereunder; and

                           (xi) such other documents, opinions and information
         as the Class A Note Purchaser may reasonably request; and

                  (h) the Class A Note Purchaser shall have completed to its
satisfaction its due diligence review of the Issuer and the Servicer and its
respective management, controlling stockholders, systems, underwriting,
servicing and collection operations, static pool performance and its loan files.

         SECTION 6.02 CONDITIONS TO EACH CLASS A ADVANCE. The obligation of the
Class A Note Purchaser to fund any Class A Advance on any day (including the
initial Class A Advance) shall be subject to the conditions precedent that on
the date of such Class A Advance, before and after giving effect thereto and to
the application of any proceeds therefrom, the following statements shall be
true:

                  (a) no Class A Funding Termination Event shall have occurred
and be continuing;

                  (b) the Class A Facility Termination Date shall not have
occurred and will not occur as a result of making such Class A Advance and no
default under or breach of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or any other Basic
Document exists or will exist;

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

                  (c) no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the requested
Class A Funding Date, the Class A Note Purchaser shall have received a properly
completed Class A Borrowing Base Certificate from the Servicer in the form of
EXHIBIT A hereto;

                  (d) no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the requested
Class A Funding Date, the Class A Note Purchaser shall have received a properly
completed and executed Class A Advance Request, together with timely receipt of
each other item required pursuant to SECTION 2.03 hereof;

                  (e) the Servicer shall have delivered to the Class A Note
Purchaser the Servicer's Certificate for the immediately preceding Accrual
Period pursuant to Section 4.9 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement;

                  (f) such Class A Advance shall be in an amount not less than
$2,000,000;

                  (g) no more than two Class A Advances shall be made in the
same week;

                  (h) after giving effect to such Class A Advance, the Class A
Invested Amount will not exceed the Class A Maximum Invested Amount;

                  (i) the representations and warranties made by the Servicer,
the Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer and the Class B Note Purchaser in the
Basic Documents are true and correct as of the date of such requested Class A
Advance, with the same effect as though made on the date of such Class A
Advance, and the Class A Note Purchaser shall have received (I) a certificate
from the Servicer and the Seller to such effect with respect to its
representations and warranties and that the Servicer and the Seller have
complied in all material respects with all agreements and satisfied all
conditions on their part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the related
Class A Funding Date, and (II) a certificate from the Issuer and the Purchaser
to such effect with respect to its representations and warranties and that the
Issuer and the Purchaser have complied in all material respects with all
agreements and satisfied all conditions on their part to be performed or
satisfied at or prior to the related Class A Funding Date, which certifications,
in each case, may be included in the related Class A Advance Request;

                  (j) the Trustee shall (in accordance with the procedures
contemplated in SECTION 3.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement) have confirmed
receipt of the related Receivable File for each Eligible Receivable included in
the Class A Borrowing Base calculation and shall have delivered to the
Controlling Note Purchaser (with a copy thereof to each other Note Purchaser) a
Trust Receipt with respect to the Receivable Files related to the Related
Receivables to be purchased on such Class A Funding Date, or if requested by the
Class A Note Purchaser, an aggregate Trust Receipt with respect to the
Receivable Files for all of the Receivables;

                  (k) after giving effect to such Class A Advance, there shall
be no Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency;

                  (l) all limitations and conditions specified in SECTION 2.02
of this Agreement and in SECTION 2.1(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement
shall have been satisfied with respect to the making of such Class A Advance;

                  (m) after giving effect to such Class A Advance, no Material
Adverse Change with respect to CPS or the Issuer shall have occurred and there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect;

                  (n) none of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the
Servicer shall have breached any of its covenants under the Basic Documents in
any material respect;

                  (o) the Issuer shall have provided the Class A Note Purchaser
with all other information that the Class A Note Purchaser may reasonably
require, if the Class A Note Purchaser shall have given the Issuer reasonable
advance notice of such requirements;

                  (p) all amounts due and owing to the Class A Noteholders and
the Class A Note Purchaser under this Agreement and/or any of the other Basic
Documents shall have been paid in full;

                                      -16-
<PAGE>

                  (q) after giving effect to such Class A Advance and the
application of proceeds therefrom, no Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing on and as of the requested Class A Funding Date;

                  (r) if any TFC Receivables are being purchased in connection
with such Class A Advance, no TFC Funding Termination Event shall have occurred;
and

                  (s) on and as of the requested Class A Funding Date, each of
the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.1 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement is true and correct for all Related Receivables being
pledged by the Issuer to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the
Note Purchasers under the Indenture on such date and each Related Receivable is
an Eligible Receivable. No such Related Receivable was originated in any
jurisdiction in which the Seller is required to be licensed in order to own such
Related Receivable unless the Seller has obtained such license prior to owning
such Related Receivable. With respect to each such Related Receivable, the
applicable Dealer or Consumer Lender (if such Consumer Lender is not the
Seller), as applicable, has either been paid or received credit from Seller for
all proceeds from the sale of such Related Receivable to the Seller.

                  The giving of any notice pursuant to SECTION 2.03 shall
constitute a representation and warranty by the Issuer and the Servicer that all
conditions precedent to such Class A Advance have been satisfied.

                                   ARTICLE VII
                                    COVENANTS

         SECTION 7.01 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

         Until the Class A Facility Termination Date:

                  (a) NOTICE OF DEFAULTS, OTHER FUNDING TERMINATION EVENTS,
LITIGATION, ADVERSE JUDGMENTS, ETC. CPS or the Issuer, as applicable, shall give
notice to each Note Purchaser promptly:

                           (i) upon CPS or the Issuer, as the case may be,
         becoming aware of, and in any event within three (3) Business Days
         after, the occurrence of any Event of Default or Default or any Class B
         Event of Default or Class B Default or any event of default or default
         under any other Basic Document or any other material agreement of CPS;

                           (ii) upon CPS or the Issuer, as the case may be,
         becoming aware of, and in any event within three (3) Business Days
         after, the occurrence of any Funding Termination Event,

                           (iii) upon, and in any event within three (3)
         Business Days after, service of process on CPS or the Issuer, as the
         case may be, or any agent thereof for service of process, in respect of
         any legal or arbitrable proceedings affecting CPS or the Issuer (x)
         that questions or challenges the validity or enforceability of any of
         the Basic Documents, (y) in which the amount in controversy exceeds
         $1,000,000 or (z) that, if adversely determined, would cause a Material
         Adverse Effect;

                           (iv) upon, and in any event within three (3) Business
         Days after, CPS or the Issuer, as the case may be, becoming aware of
         any event or change in circumstances that could have a Material Adverse
         Effect, constitute a Material Adverse Change or cause an Event of
         Default or a Class B Event of Default; and

                           (v) upon, and in any event within three (3) Business
         Days after, CPS or the Issuer, as the case may be, becoming aware of
         entry of a judgment or decree in respect of CPS or the Issuer, its
         respective assets or any of the Collateral in an amount in excess of
         $1,000,000.

         Each notice pursuant to this subsection (a) shall be accompanied by a
         statement of an officer of CPS or the Issuer, as applicable, setting
         forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what
         action CPS and the Issuer, as the case may be, have taken or propose to
         take with respect thereto.

                                      -17-
<PAGE>

                  (b) TAXES. Each of CPS and the Issuer shall pay and discharge
all taxes and governmental charges upon it or against any of its properties or
assets or its income prior to the date after which penalties attach for failure
to pay, except to the extent that CPS or the Issuer, as applicable, shall be
contesting in good faith in appropriate proceedings its obligation to pay such
taxes or charges, adequate reserves having been set aside for the payment
thereof in accordance with GAAP.

                  (c) CONTINUITY OF BUSINESS AND COMPLIANCE WITH AGREEMENT AND
LAW. Each of CPS and the Issuer shall:

                           (i) preserve and maintain its legal existence;

                           (ii) comply with the requirements of all applicable
         laws, rules, regulations and orders of governmental authorities and
         other Requirements of Law (including, without limitation, Consumer Laws
         and all environmental laws);

                           (iii) keep adequate records and books of account, in
         which complete entries will be made in accordance with GAAP
         consistently applied;

                           (iv) not move its chief executive office or chief
         operating office from the addresses referred to herein or change its
         jurisdiction of organization unless it shall have provided the Class A
         Note Purchaser 30 days prior written notice of such change;

                           (v) pay and discharge all taxes, assessments and
         governmental charges or levies imposed on it or on its income or
         profits or on any of its property prior to the date on which penalties
         attach thereto, except for any such tax, assessment, charge or levy the
         payment of which is being contested in good faith and by proper
         proceedings and against which adequate reserves are being maintained;
         and

                           (vi) continue in business in a prudent, reasonable
         and lawful manner with all licenses, rights, permits, franchises and
         qualifications necessary to perform its respective obligations under
         this Agreement, the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Notes and the
         other Basic Documents.

                  (d) OWNERSHIP OF THE ISSUER. CPS shall own beneficially and of
record 100% of the membership interests in the Issuer free and clear of all
Liens other than the Lien created pursuant to the Pledge Agreement.

                  (e) CLASS A BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATES. The Issuer shall
deliver to the Class A Note Purchaser, together with each Class A Advance
Request, a Class A Borrowing Base Certificate in accordance with Section 2.03(a)
hereof.

                  (f) COLLATERAL STATEMENTS. The Issuer will furnish or cause to
be furnished to the Class A Note Purchaser from time to time statements and
schedules further identifying and describing the Collateral and the UBS Cross
Collateral and such other reports in connection with the Collateral or the UBS
Cross Collateral as the Class A Note Purchaser may reasonably request, all in
reasonable detail, including without limitation each statement, certificate and
report required to be delivered to the Trustee or the Noteholders under any
Basic Document.

                  (g) ACTIONS TO ENFORCE RIGHTS UNDER CONTRACTS. CPS and the
Issuer shall take such reasonable and lawful actions as the Controlling Note
Purchaser shall request to enforce the rights of the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders under the Basic Documents with respect to the Collateral, and,
following the occurrence of an Event of Default, shall take such reasonable and
lawful actions as are necessary to enable the Controlling Note Purchaser to
exercise such rights in its own name.

                  (h) HEDGING STRATEGY. The Issuer shall implement and maintain
a hedging strategy that is reasonably acceptable to the Controlling Note
Purchaser; PROVIDED, THAT, for purposes of this subparagraph (h), a hedging
strategy consisting of the Seller sponsoring one or more securitizations of
pools of Receivables at least every 120 days during the term of the Class A
Notes shall be deemed acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser.

                                      -18-
<PAGE>

                  (i) MONTHLY SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE. The Issuer shall, or shall
cause the Servicer (so long as CPS is Servicer) to, deliver to the Note
Purchasers, the Trustee and the Backup Servicer, no later than 12:00 noon, New
York City time, on each Determination Date, in a computer-readable format
reasonably acceptable to each such Person, a Servicer's Certificate executed by
a Responsible Officer or agent of Servicer containing all information required
to be included in such Servicer's Certificate under Section 4.9 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement and related monthly data. The Issuer shall, or shall cause
the Servicer (so long as the CPS is Servicer) to, deliver to each Note
Purchaser, the Trustee and the Backup Servicer a hard copy of any such
Servicer's Certificate upon request of such Person.

                  (j) SEPARATE EXISTENCE; NO COMMINGLING. During each Class A
Term, the Issuer shall limit its activities to such activities as are incident
to and necessary or convenient to accomplish the following purposes: (i) to
acquire, own, hold, pledge, finance and otherwise deal with Receivables to be
pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders pursuant to the Indenture and (ii) to sell, securitize or otherwise
liquidate all or any portion of such Receivables in accordance with the
provisions of the Basic Documents. In addition, during each Class A Term, the
Issuer shall observe and comply with the applicable legal requirements for the
recognition of the Issuer as a legal entity separate and apart from its
Affiliates, including without limitation, those requirements set forth in
Section 9(b)(iv) of the Issuer's Limited Liability Company Agreement. Without
limiting the foregoing, the Issuer shall, and CPS shall cause itself and any
other Affiliates of the Issuer to, maintain the truth and accuracy of all facts
assumed by Andrews Kurth LLP in the true sale and non consolidation opinions of
Andrews Kurth LLP; provided that in the event that any request is made for the
Class A Note Purchaser to consent to or approve any matter that, if effectuated
or consummated, would result in a change to the continuing truth and accuracy of
any of the factual assumptions in the true sale or non-consolidation opinions of
Andrews Kurth LLP, such request shall be accompanied by an opinion of Andrews
Kurth LLP, or such other counsel as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Class
A Note Purchaser, that the conclusions set forth in the true sale and non-
consolidation opinions of Andrews Kurth LLP will be unaffected by such change.

                  (k) OTHER LIENS OR INTERESTS. Except for the conveyances under
the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the other Basic Documents, CPS shall not
sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other Person, or grant, create, incur,
assume or suffer to exist any lien on or any interest in, the Receivables or the
Other Conveyed Property. Except for the pledges pursuant to the Indenture and
the other Basic Documents, the Issuer shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer
to any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any lien
on or any interest in, the Collateral or the UBS Cross Collateral (other than,
in the case of the UBS Cross Collateral, the lien created pursuant to Granting
Clause I of the Indenture), subject to the Intercreditor Agreement. CPS and the
Issuer shall, at their own expense and in each case subject to the Intercreditor
Agreement, defend (i) the Collateral and the UBS Cross Collateral against, and
will take such other action as is necessary to remove, any Lien, security
interest or claim on, in or to the Collateral or the UBS Cross Collateral, other
than the security interests created under the Basic Documents, (ii) the right,
title and interest of each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder in and to any of
the Collateral, and (iii) subject to the Lien created pursuant to Granting
Clause I of the Indenture, the right, title and interest of the Bear Indenture
Trustee, each Class B note purchaser and each Class B noteholder under the Bear
Basic Documents in and to any of the UBS Cross Collateral, in each case against
the claims and demands of all Persons whomsoever.

                  (l) BOOKS AND RECORDS; OTHER INFORMATION.

                           (i) Each of CPS and the Issuer shall maintain
         accounts and records as to each Receivable accurately and in sufficient
         detail to permit the reader thereof to know at any time the status of
         such Receivable, including payments and recoveries made and payments
         owing (and the nature of each). CPS shall maintain accurate and
         complete books and records with respect to the Receivables and the
         Other Conveyed Property and with respect to CPS's business. The Issuer
         shall maintain accurate and complete books and records with respect to
         the Collateral and the Issuer's business. All accounting books and
         records shall be maintained in accordance with GAAP.

                           (ii) CPS and the Issuer shall, and shall cause each
         of their respective Affiliates to, permit any representative of the
         Class A Note Purchaser to visit and inspect any of the properties of
         the Issuer and such Affiliates and to examine the books and records of
         CPS or the Issuer and such Affiliates, as applicable, and to make
         copies and take extracts therefrom, and to discuss the business,
         operations, properties, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects


                                      -19-
<PAGE>

         of CPS or the Issuer and each such Affiliate, as applicable, or any of
         the Collateral with the officers and independent public accountants
         thereof and as often as the Class A Note Purchaser may reasonably
         request, and so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have
         occurred and be continuing, all at such reasonable times during normal
         business hours upon reasonable written notice; provided that, after a
         Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the
         Class A Note Purchaser may make such inspections, examine such
         documents, make such copies, take such extracts and conduct such
         discussions at such times as it may determine in its sole discretion
         during CPS's and the Issuer's normal business hours.

                           (iii) Each of CPS and the Issuer shall promptly
         provide to the Class A Note Purchaser all information regarding its
         respective operations and practices and the Collateral as the Class A
         Note Purchaser shall reasonably request.

                           (iv) CPS shall maintain its computer systems so that,
         from and after the time of each sale of Receivables under the Sale and
         Servicing Agreement to the Issuer, CPS's master computer records
         (including any back-up archives) that refer to a Receivable shall
         indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold by CPS to the
         Issuer and that such Receivable has been pledged by the Issuer to the
         Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders.
         Indication of the Trustee's interest in such Receivable shall be
         deleted from or modified on CPS's computer systems when, and only when,
         the Receivable shall have been released from the Lien of the Indenture
         in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, and indication of the
         Issuer's interest in such Receivable shall be deleted from or modified
         on CPS's computer systems when, and only when, the Receivable shall
         have been paid in full or repurchased from the Issuer by CPS.

                           (v) Upon request, CPS shall furnish to the Class A
         Note Purchaser, within five (5) Business Days, (x) a list of all
         Receivables (by contract number and name of Obligor) then owned by the
         Issuer, together with a reconciliation of such list to the Schedule of
         Receivables, and (y) such other information as the Class A Note
         Purchaser may reasonably request.

                           (vi) If at any time CPS shall propose to sell, grant
         a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any interest in any
         automobile, van, sport utility vehicle or light duty truck receivables
         (other than the Receivables) to any prospective purchaser, lender, or
         other transferee, and if CPS shall give to such prospective purchaser,
         lender or other transferee computer tapes, records, or print-outs
         (including any restored from back-up archives, collectively "data
         records") that refer in any manner whatsoever to any Receivable, such
         data records shall indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold
         by CPS to the Issuer and pledged by the Issuer to Trustee for the
         benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders unless such
         Receivable shall have been released from the Lien of the Indenture in
         accordance with the terms of the Indenture and shall have been paid in
         full or repurchased from the Issuer by CPS.

                  (m) FULFILLMENT OF OBLIGATIONS. Each of CPS and the Issuer
shall pay and perform, as and when due, all of its obligations of whatever
nature, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP
with respect thereto have been provided on the books of CPS or the Issuer, as
applicable.

                  (n) COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS, ETC. Each of CPS and the Issuer
shall, and CPS shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply (i) in all
material respects with all Requirements of Law and any change therein or in the
application, administration or interpretation thereof (including, without
limitation any request, directive, guideline or policy, whether or not having
the force of law) by any Governmental Authority charged with the administration
or interpretation thereof; and (ii) with all indentures, mortgages, deeds of
trust, agreements, or other instruments or contractual obligations to which it
is a party, including without limitation, each Basic Document to which it is a
party, or by which it or any of its properties may be bound or affected, or
which may affect the Receivables.

                  (o) COMPLIANCE WITH BASIC DOCUMENTS. CPS, in its capacity as
Seller and Servicer, or otherwise, shall comply with each of its covenants
contained in the Basic Documents.

                                      -20-
<PAGE>

                  (p) FINANCING STATEMENTS. At the request of the Controlling
Note Purchaser, CPS and the Issuer shall file such financing statements as the
Controlling Note Purchaser determines may be required by law to perfect,
maintain and protect the interest of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders in
the Collateral and the proceeds thereof.

                  (q) PAYMENT OF FEES AND EXPENSES. CPS and the Issuer shall pay
to the Class A Note Purchaser, on demand, any and all fees, costs or expenses
that the Class A Note Purchaser pays to a bank or other similar institution
arising out of or in connection with the return of payments from CPS or the
Issuer deposited for collection by the Class A Note Purchaser.

                  (r) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND ACCESS TO RECORDS. CPS shall
provide the Class A Note Purchaser with quarterly unaudited financial statements
within sixty (60) days of the end of each of CPS's first three fiscal quarters,
and CPS will provide the Class A Note Purchaser with audited financial
statements within one hundred twenty (120) days of each of CPS's fiscal year-end
audited by a nationally recognized independent certified public accounting firm.
Upon request of the Class A Note Purchaser, CPS shall provide the Class A Note
Purchaser with unaudited monthly financial statements. CPS shall deliver to the
Class A Note Purchaser with each financial statement a certificate by CPS's
chief financial officer, certifying that such financial statements are complete
and correct in all material respects and that, except as noted in such
certificate, such chief financial officer has no knowledge of any Default, Event
of Default, Funding Termination Event or Servicer Termination Event.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, CPS shall have no obligation to deliver any of
the foregoing financial statements to the Class A Note Purchaser for so long as
CPS is subject to, and in compliance with, the reporting requirements under
Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act"). In connection with each report filed by CPS under Section 13(a) of the
Exchange Act during the Class A Term, CPS shall be deemed to have represented
and warranted to the Class A Note Purchaser that, as of the related filing date,
the financial statements contained in such report are complete and correct in
all material respects and that, unless otherwise specified in such report, CPS
has no knowledge of any Default, Event of Default, Funding Termination Event or
Servicer Termination Event as of such filing date.

                  (s) LITIGATION MATTERS. CPS shall notify the Class A Note
Purchaser in writing, promptly upon its learning thereof, of any litigation,
arbitration or administrative proceeding which may reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect or result in a Material Adverse Change.

                  (t) NOTICE OF CHANGE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE. CPS and the
Issuer shall provide the Controlling Note Purchaser with not less than thirty
(30) days prior written notice of any change in the chief executive office or
jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of CPS or the Issuer to permit the
Controlling Note Purchaser to make any additional filings necessary to continue
the Trustee's perfected security interest in the Collateral for the benefit of
the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders.

                  (u) CONSOLIDATED TOTAL ADJUSTED EQUITY. CPS shall maintain
minimum Consolidated Total Adjusted Equity of $60,000,000 as of the end of each
fiscal quarter.

                  (v) MAXIMUM LEVERAGE RATIO. CPS shall maintain a maximum
leverage ratio (total liabilities less all non-recourse debt/Consolidated Total
Adjusted Equity) of less than six times as of the end of each fiscal quarter.

                  (w) LIQUIDITY. CPS shall maintain cash and cash equivalents of
at least $8.5 million as of the end of each calendar month.

                  (x) DEPOSIT ACCOUNT. All distributions made by the Issuer to
CPS in respect of CPS's equity interest in the Issuer shall be deposited
directly into the Deposit Account.

         SECTION 7.02 NEGATIVE COVENANTS. Until the Class A Facility Termination
Date:

                  (a) ADVERSE TRANSACTIONS. Neither CPS nor the Issuer shall
enter into any transaction that adversely affects the Collateral, the UBS Cross
Collateral, the Class A Note Purchaser's rights under this Agreement, the Notes
or any other Basic Document, the Issuer's interest in the Receivables and the
Other Conveyed Property pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the


                                      -21-
<PAGE>

Trustee's security interest in the Collateral pursuant to the Indenture, or that
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect
to the Issuer or CPS or a Material Adverse Event.

                  (b) GUARANTEES. The Issuer shall not guarantee or otherwise in
any way become liable with respect to the obligations or liabilities of any
other Person.

                  (c) DIVIDENDS. The Issuer shall not declare or pay any
dividends except (i) to the extent of funds legally available therefor from
payments received by the Issuer pursuant to Section 5.7(a) of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, or (ii) pursuant to Section 5.10 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, in each case in compliance with Section 7.01(x) of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not declare or pay any dividends
on any date as of which a Default or an Event of Default or a Class B Default or
a Class B Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing.

                  (d) INVESTMENTS. The Issuer shall not make any investment in
any Person through the direct or indirect holding of securities or otherwise,
other than in the ordinary course of business or in connection with the future
securitization of Receivables.

                  (e) CHANGES IN CAPITAL STRUCTURE OR BUSINESS OBJECTIVES OF THE
ISSUER. The Issuer shall not do any of the following if it will adversely affect
the payment or performance of, or the Issuer's ability to pay and/or perform,
its obligations to the Class A Note Purchaser with respect to this Agreement or
any other Basic Document to which it is a party, or the Notes, or if it could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to
the Issuer or CPS or a Material Adverse Event: (i) cancel any of the membership
interests in the Issuer, (ii) make any change in the capital structure of the
Issuer, or (iii) make any material change in any of its business objectives,
purposes or operations that would adversely affect the payment or performance
of, or the Issuer's ability to pay and/or perform, its obligations to Class A
Note Purchaser with respect to this Agreement or any other Basic Document to
which it is a party, or the Notes.

                  (f) ASSET SALES. The Issuer will not sell any Receivables or
other Collateral related thereto if, following such sale, the Class A Invested
Amount would exceed the Class A Borrowing Base after giving effect to the
application of proceeds of such sale; PROVIDED that the foregoing shall not
prohibit a foreclosure sale by or on behalf of the Class A Noteholders or the
Class A Note Purchaser upon the occurrence of an Event of Default; PROVIDED
FURTHER that in the event that the Issuer or CPS shall intend to sell any
Receivables in a whole-loan transfer to any third party, the Issuer or CPS shall
inform Class A Note Purchaser of such prospective sale and Class A Note
Purchaser shall be permitted to bid on such Receivables in the same bidding
process as that in which any third party is permitted to bid on such
Receivables.

                  (g) NO LIENS ON EQUITY INTERESTS IN THE ISSUER. Other than the
Lien created pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, CPS shall not grant or otherwise
create any Lien on the membership interests in the Issuer (or any other equity
interest in the Issuer) without the prior written consent of the Controlling
Note Purchaser.

                  (h) NO INDEBTEDNESS. The Issuer will not at any time incur any
Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness incurred under (or contemplated by) the
terms of the Basic Documents.

                  (i) NO OTHER BUSINESS. The Issuer will not at any time engage
in any other business activities than the purchase of the Receivables and the
Other Conveyed Property, pledging the Receivables and the other Collateral to
the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant
to Granting Clause I of the Indenture, pledging the Pledged Subordinate
Securities to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B Note Purchasers and the
Class B Noteholders pursuant to Granting Clause II of the Indenture, pledging
the UBS Cross Collateral, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, to the Bear
Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B
noteholders under the Bear Basic Documents pursuant to Granting Clause III of
the Indenture, transferring the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property in
connection with Securitization Transactions and in connection with whole-loan
sales, acquiring the Pledged Subordinate Securities in connection with
Securitization Transactions, issuing the Notes and other activities relating to
the foregoing to the extent permitted by the organizational documents of the
Issuer as in effect on the date hereof, or as amended with the prior written
consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser. Without limitation of the foregoing,
the Issuer will not at any time be an issuer of securities other than the Notes
or a borrower under any loan or financing agreement, facility or other
arrangement other than the facilities established pursuant to this Agreement and
the other Basic Documents.

                                      -22-
<PAGE>

                  (j) NO AMENDMENT TO ISSUER'S OPERATING AGREEMENT OR ANY BASIC
DOCUMENT WITHOUT CONSENT. Neither the Limited Liability Company Agreement of the
Issuer, nor any Basic Document, shall be amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified without the prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser.

                  (k) TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES. The Issuer shall not enter
into, or be a party to, any transaction with any of its Affiliates, except in
accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 9(b)(iv) of the LLC
Agreement.

                  (l) NONPETITION. Notwithstanding any prior termination of this
Agreement, neither the Servicer nor the Seller will, prior to the date that is
one year and one day after the day upon which the outstanding principal amount
of each class of Notes has been reduced to zero and all Secured Obligations and
any and all other amounts due and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser and the
Class A Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents have been paid in full,
acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer to invoke the
process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or
sustaining a case against the Issuer under any federal or state bankruptcy,
insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or any
substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of
the affairs of the Issuer.

                  (m) PROTECTION OF TITLE TO COLLATERAL. None of the Seller, the
Servicer, the Purchaser or the Issuer shall change its name, identity,
jurisdiction of organization, form of organization or corporate structure in any
manner that would, could or might make any financing statement or continuation
statement filed with respect to the Collateral, the UBS Cross Collateral or the
Deposit Account seriously misleading within the meaning of Section 9-506(a) of
the UCC, unless it shall have given each Note Purchaser at least 30 days' prior
written notice thereof and shall have promptly filed appropriate amendments to
all previously filed financing statements or continuation statements.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

         SECTION 8.01 AMENDMENTS. No amendment to or waiver of any provision of
this Agreement, nor consent to any departure by CPS, the Issuer or the Class A
Note Purchaser therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall
be in writing and signed by CPS, the Issuer and the Class A Note Purchaser.

         SECTION 8.02 NO WAIVER; REMEDIES. Any waiver, consent or approval given
by the Controlling Note Purchaser or any party hereto (other than any waiver,
consent or approval which is contemplated by the express terms of this Agreement
or any other Basic Document) shall be effective only in the specific instance
and for the specific purpose for which given, and no waiver by a party of any
breach or default under this Agreement or any other Basic Document shall be
deemed a waiver of any other breach or default. No failure on the part of the
Controlling Note Purchaser or any party hereto to exercise, and no delay in
exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any right hereunder, or any abandonment or
discontinuation of steps to enforce the right, power or privilege, preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Any waiver
consent or approval given by the Controlling Note Purchaser under this Agreement
or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon each Class A Noteholder and
each Class B Noteholder and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
No notice to or demand on any party hereto in any case shall entitle such party
to any other or further notice or demand in the same, similar or other
circumstances. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of
any remedies provided by law.

         SECTION 8.03 BINDING ON SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.

                                      -23-
<PAGE>

                  (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the
benefit of, the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, the Class A
Note Purchaser and their respective successors and assigns; PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
that, except as otherwise provided in Section 4.17 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, none of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer may
assign its rights or obligations hereunder or in connection herewith or any
interest herein (voluntarily, by operation of law or otherwise) without the
prior written consent of the Class A Note Purchaser. Nothing expressed herein is
intended or shall be construed to give any Person other than the Persons
referred to in the preceding sentence any legal or equitable right, remedy or
claim under or in respect of this Agreement.

                  (b) The Class A Note Purchaser may at any time grant a
security interest in and Lien on all of its interests under this Agreement, the
Class A Notes and all Basic Documents to any Person who, at any time now or in
the future, provides program liquidity or credit enhancement, including without
limitation, a surety bond or financial guaranty insurance policy for the benefit
of the Class A Note Purchaser. The Class A Note Purchaser may assign the Class A
Commitment or all of its interest under the Class A Notes, this Agreement and
the Basic Documents to (i) any Affiliate of the Class A Note Purchaser at any
time, (ii) to any other Person at any time that a Default has occurred and is
continuing and (iii) at any other time with the prior written consent of the
Issuer; provided that as a condition precedent to any such assignment, the
assignee of the Class A Note Purchaser shall execute an agreement pursuant to
which it agrees to assume and perform all of the obligations of the Class A Note
Purchaser under the Basic Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is
understood and agreed by the Issuer that the Class A Notes may be sold,
transferred or pledged without the consent of the Issuer and without the
execution of any such assumption agreement in compliance with, and as provided
for under, SECTION 5.03(G). Notwithstanding any other provisions set forth in
this Agreement, the Class A Note Purchaser may at any time create a security
interest in all of its rights under this Agreement, the Class A Notes and the
Basic Documents in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with
Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

                  (c) If, on or after the date of this Agreement, the Class A
Note Purchaser reasonably determines that the adoption of any applicable law,
rule or regulation, or any change in any applicable law, rule or regulation or
any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental
Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or
administration thereof, or compliance by the Class A Note Purchaser with any
request or directive issued on or after the date of this Agreement (whether or
not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable
agency, has made or would be likely to make it unlawful for the Class A Note
Purchaser to purchase the Class A Advances, hold the Class A Notes or otherwise
to perform the transactions contemplated to be performed by it pursuant to this
Agreement and those contemplated to be performed by it pursuant to the Basic
Documents to which the Class A Note Purchaser is a party, then (i) the Class A
Note Purchaser shall so notify the Issuer; (ii) the obligation of the Class A
Note Purchaser to purchase the Class A Advances from time to time as
contemplated hereunder shall be suspended; and (iii) the Class A Note Purchaser
may assign its rights and obligations hereunder and under the Basic Documents,
the Class A Notes and its interests therein pursuant to and in compliance with
Section 8.03(b); provided that a Class A Funding Termination Event shall occur
if the Issuer or the Servicer fails to accept the proposed assignee chosen by
the Class A Note Purchaser.

         SECTION 8.04 TERMINATION; SURVIVAL. The obligations and
responsibilities of the Class A Note Purchaser created hereby shall terminate on
the Class A Facility Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all
covenants, agreements, representations, warranties and indemnities made by the
Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser and/or the Issuer herein and/or in the Class
A Notes delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the purchase and the repayment
of the Class A Advances and the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
Class A Notes and shall continue in full force and effect until all interest and
principal on the Class A Notes and other amounts owed hereunder and under the
other Basic Documents have been paid in full and the commitment of the Class A
Note Purchaser hereunder has been terminated. In addition, the obligations of
the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer under SECTIONS 3.02,
3.03, 3.04, 3.05(B), 8.05, 8.11, 8.12 and 8.13 shall survive the termination of
this Agreement.

         SECTION 8.05 PAYMENT OF COSTS AND EXPENSES; INDEMNIFICATION.

                                      -24-
<PAGE>

                  (a) PAYMENT OF COSTS AND EXPENSES.

                           (i) The Issuer agrees to pay on demand the reasonable
         expenses of the Class A Note Purchaser (including the reasonable
         out-of-pocket and legal expenses of the Class A Note Purchaser, if any)
         in connection with:

                                    (A) the negotiation, preparation, execution,
                  delivery and administration of this Agreement and of each
                  other Basic Document, including schedules and exhibits, and
                  any amendments, waivers, consents, supplements or other
                  modifications to this Agreement or any other Basic Document as
                  may from time to time hereafter be proposed, whether or not
                  the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby are
                  consummated, and

                                    (B) the consummation of the transactions
                  contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic Documents;
                  provided that such expenses related to the amendment and
                  restatement of this facility shall be capped at $45,000.

                           (ii) The Issuer and the Servicer further jointly and
         severally agree to (A) pay upon demand all reasonable costs and
         out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Class A Note Purchaser as a
         consequence of, or in connection with, the enforcement of this
         Agreement or any of the other Basic Documents and any stamp,
         documentary or other taxes which may be payable by the Class A Note
         Purchaser in connection with the execution or delivery of this
         Agreement, any Class A Advance hereunder, or the issuance of the Class
         A Notes or any other Basic Documents; and (B) hold and save the Class A
         Note Purchaser harmless from all liability for any breach by the Issuer
         of its obligations under this Agreement. The Issuer and Servicer also
         further jointly and severally agree to reimburse the Class A Note
         Purchaser upon demand for all reasonable out-of-pocket and legal
         expenses incurred by the Class A Note Purchaser in connection with the
         negotiation of any restructuring or "work-out," whether or not
         consummated, of the Basic Documents.

                  (b) INDEMNIFICATION. In consideration of the Class A Note
Purchaser's execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Issuer, the Purchaser,
the Seller and the Servicer, jointly and severally, hereby agree to indemnify
and hold the Class A Note Purchaser and each of its officers, directors,
employees and agents (collectively, the "INDEMNIFIED PARTIES") harmless from and
against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, losses, costs, liabilities
and damages, and reasonable expenses incurred in connection therewith, as
incurred (irrespective of whether any such Indemnified Party is a party to the
action for which indemnification hereunder is sought and including, without
limitation, any liability in connection with the offering and sale of the
Notes), including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements (collectively,
the "INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES"), incurred by the Indemnified Parties or any of
them (whether in prosecuting or defending against such actions, suits or claims)
as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to:

                           (i) any transaction financed or to be financed in
         whole or in part (including, without limitation, any Receivable
         constituting part of the Collateral), directly or indirectly, with the
         proceeds of any Class A Advance including, without limitation, any
         claim, suit or action related to such transaction, which claim is based
         on a violation of Consumer Laws or any applicable vicarious liability
         statutes, or the use or operation of any Financed Vehicle by any
         Person; or

                           (ii) this Agreement or any other Basic Document, or
         the entering into and performance of this Agreement or any other Basic
         Document by any of the Indemnified Parties,

except for any such Indemnified Liabilities arising for the account of a
particular Indemnified Party by reason of the relevant Indemnified Party's gross
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct and, with respect to the Servicer,
excluding any Indemnified Liabilities that would constitute recourse to the
Servicer for loss by reason of the bankruptcy, insolvency (or other credit
condition) of, or credit-related default by the related Obligor on any
Receivable and not arising from defaults by the related Obligor arising from a


                                      -25-
<PAGE>

claim by the related Obligor that any part of the debt evidenced by the
Receivables is not due as a result of wrongful action by any Person, such as a
breach of Consumer Laws. If and to the extent that the foregoing undertaking may
be unenforceable for any reason, the Issuer and the Servicer hereby jointly and
severally agree to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction
of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable
law. The indemnity set forth in this SECTION 8.05 shall in no event include
indemnification for any Taxes (which indemnification is provided in SECTION
3.05). Upon the written request of the Class A Note Purchaser pursuant to this
Section 8.05, the Issuer and the Servicer shall promptly reimburse the Class A
Note Purchaser for the amount of any such Indemnified Liabilities incurred by
the Class A Note Purchaser.

         SECTION 8.06 CHARACTERIZATION AS BASIC DOCUMENT; ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This
Agreement shall be deemed to be a Basic Document for all purposes of the
Indenture and the other Basic Documents. This Agreement, together with the
Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the documents delivered pursuant to
SECTION 6.01 and the other Basic Documents, including the exhibits and schedules
thereto, contains a final and complete integration of all prior expressions by
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall
constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter hereof, superseding all previous oral statements and other
writings with respect thereto.

         SECTION 8.07 NOTICES. All notices, amendments, waivers, consents and
other communications provided to any party hereto under this Agreement shall be
in writing and addressed, delivered or transmitted to such party at its address
or facsimile number set forth below its signature hereto or at such other
address or facsimile number as may be designated by such party in a notice to
the other parties. Any notice, if mailed and properly addressed with postage
prepaid or if properly addressed and sent by pre-paid courier service, shall be
deemed given when received; any notice, if transmitted by facsimile, shall be
deemed given when transmitted and accompanied by telephonic confirmation of
receipt.

         SECTION 8.08 SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. Any covenant, provision,
agreement or term of this Agreement that is prohibited or is held to be void or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of the prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the
remaining provisions of this Agreement.

         SECTION 8.09 TAX CHARACTERIZATION. Each party to this Agreement (a)
acknowledges that it is the intent of the parties to this Agreement that, for
accounting purposes and for all Federal, state and local income and franchise
tax purposes, the Class A Notes will be treated as evidence of indebtedness
issued by the Issuer, (b) agrees to treat the Class A Notes for all such
purposes as indebtedness and (c) agrees that the provisions of the Basic
Documents shall be construed to further these intentions.

         SECTION 8.10 FULL RECOURSE TO ISSUER. The obligations of the Issuer
under this Agreement and the other Basic Documents shall be full recourse
obligations of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no recourse shall be
had for the payment of any amount owing in respect of this Agreement, including
the payment of any fee hereunder or any other obligation or claim arising out of
or based upon this Agreement, against any certificateholder, member, employee,
officer, manager, director, affiliate or trustee of the Issuer; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, nothing in this SECTION 8.10 shall relieve any of the foregoing Persons
from any liability that any such Person may otherwise have as expressly set
forth in any Basic Document or for its gross negligence, bad faith or willful
misconduct. Nothing contained in this Section shall limit or be deemed to limit
any obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer
hereunder or under any other Basic Document, which obligations are full recourse
obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer,
respectively.

         SECTION 8.11 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK,
WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF


                                      -26-
<PAGE>

THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE
PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

         SECTION 8.12 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING
WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND BY
EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO CONSENTS,
FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF
THOSE COURTS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION,
INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM
NON CONVENIENS, OR ANY LEGAL PROCESS WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ANY OF ITS
PROPERTY, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT
RELATED HERETO. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY
SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS
PERMITTED BY NEW YORK LAW.

         SECTION 8.13 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH WAIVE THEIR
RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON
OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY
PARTY AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT
CLAIMS OR OTHERWISE. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE
OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE
FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR
OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR
ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL
APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO
THIS AGREEMENT.

         SECTION 8.14 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts (which may include facsimile) and by the different parties
hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed
to be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. Any signature page to this Agreement containing a manual signature
may be delivered by facsimile transmission or other electronic communication
device capable of transmitting or creating a printable written record, and when
so delivered shall have the effect of delivery of an original manually signed
signature page.

         SECTION 8.15 SET-OFF.

                  (a) The obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller
and the Servicer hereunder are absolute and unconditional and each of the
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer expressly waives any and all
rights of set-off, abatement, diminution or deduction that the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer may otherwise at any time have under
applicable law.

                  (b) In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under
applicable law and not by way of limitation of such rights, during the
continuance of any Event of Default hereunder:

                                      -27-
<PAGE>

                           (i) the Class A Note Purchaser is hereby authorized
         at any time and from time to time, without notice to the Purchaser or
         the Issuer, such notice being hereby expressly waived, to set-off any
         obligation owing by the Class A Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates
         to the Purchaser or the Issuer, or against any funds or other property
         of the Purchaser or the Issuer, held by or otherwise in the possession
         of the Class A Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, the respective
         obligations of the Purchaser and the Issuer to the Class A Note
         Purchaser under this Agreement and the other Basic Documents and
         irrespective of whether or not the Class A Note Purchaser shall have
         made any demand hereunder or thereunder; and

                           (ii) the Class A Note Purchaser is hereby authorized
         at any time and from time to time, without notice to the Seller or the
         Servicer, such notice being hereby expressly waived, to set-off any
         obligation owing by the Class A Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates
         to the Seller or the Servicer, or against any funds or other property
         of the Seller or the Servicer held by or otherwise in the possession of
         the Class A Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, the respective
         obligations of the Seller and the Servicer to the Class A Note
         Purchaser under this Agreement and the other Basic Documents and
         irrespective of whether or not the Class A Note Purchaser shall have
         made any demand hereunder or thereunder.

         SECTION 8.16 NONPETITION COVENANTS. Notwithstanding any prior
termination of this Agreement, the Servicer and the Seller shall not, prior to
the date that is one year and one day after the day upon which the outstanding
principal amount of each class of Notes has been reduced to zero and all Secured
Obligations and any and all other amounts due and owing to the Note Purchasers
and the Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents have been paid in full,
acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Purchaser or the Issuer to
invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose of
commencing or sustaining a case against the Purchaser or the Issuer under any
federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver,
liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official
of the Purchaser of the Issuer or any substantial part of its property, or
ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Purchaser or the
Issuer.

         SECTION 8.17 SERVICER REFERENCES. All references to the Servicer herein
shall apply to CPS, in its capacity as the initial Servicer, and not to a
successor Servicer.

         SECTION 8.18 CONFIDENTIALITY; PRESS RELEASES. Unless required by law or
regulation to do so or otherwise expressly permitted by the Basic Documents,
neither the Class A Note Purchaser on the one hand, nor any of the Seller, the
Servicer, the Purchaser or the Issuer on the other hand, shall publish or
otherwise disclose any information relating to the material terms of the Class A
Commitment or the Class B Commitment (including, without limitation, the Market
Value calculations), any of the Basic Documents or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby to any Person (other than its own advisors to the extent
reasonably necessary) without the prior written consent of the other; provided
that nothing herein shall be construed to prohibit any party from issuing a
press release announcing the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
the Basic Documents. No party shall publish any press release naming the other
party without the prior written consent of the other (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld). For avoidance of doubt, it is agreed that Seller is
required by law (i) to report its entry into this Agreement and the other Basic
Documents in a current report on Form 8-K of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, which report must file as exhibits at least this Agreement, the Sale
and Servicing Agreement, and the Indenture, and (ii) to make reference to such
agreements and the Commitment in its periodic reports to be filed respecting
time periods that include all or part of the Class A Term. This confidentiality
agreement shall apply to any and all information relating to the Commitment, any
of the Basic Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby at
any time on or after the date hereof.

         SECTION 8.19 INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT TO CONTROL. The rights,
obligations and remedies of the parties to this Agreement and under the other
Basic Documents are subject in all respects to the terms and provisions of the
Intercreditor Agreement; provided, however that to the extent such rights,


                                      -28-
<PAGE>

obligations and remedies relate to the Bear Cross Collateral, such rights,
obligations and remedies are subject in all respects to the terms and provisions
of the Bear Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the
terms of this Agreement or any other Basic Document and the Intercreditor
Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement shall control. In addition, in the event
of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement or any other Basic Document
and the Bear Intercreditor Agreement that relates to the Bear Cross Collateral,
the Bear Intercreditor Agreement shall control.

         SECTION 8.20 NO NOVATION. It is expressly understood and agreed by the
parties hereto that the amendment and restatement of this Agreement is in no way
intended to and shall not be deemed to constitute a novation or repayment of the
outstanding Class A Advances and the other obligations and liabilities existing
under the Original Basic Documents and the security interest of the Trustee in
the Collateral for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers shall
remain in full force and effect after giving effect to the amendment and
restatement of this Agreement.

         SECTION 8.21 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND INDEMNITIES
UNDER ORIGINAL NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT. The representations, warranties and
indemnity obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer, the Seller and
CPS made in the Original Note Purchase Agreement and each other Original Basic
Document prior to the Class B Closing Date shall survive the Class B Closing
Date and the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and each such
representation and warranty so made is true and correct as of the date
originally made and as of the date hereof.

                     [Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank]





                                      -29-
<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed by their duly authorized officers and delivered as
of the day and year first above written.


                                     PAGE FUNDING LLC, as Issuer and Purchaser



                                     By:________________________________________
                                     Name:______________________________________
                                     Title:_____________________________________



                                     Address:          16355 Laguna Canyon Road
                                                       Irvine, California  92618
                                     Attention:        Company Secretary
                                     Telephone:        949-753-6800
                                     Facsimile:        949-753-6897



                                     CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC., as CPS,
                                     Seller and Servicer


                                     By:________________________________________
                                     Name:______________________________________
                                     Title:_____________________________________



                                     Address:          16355 Laguna Canyon Road
                                                       Irvine, California  92618



                                     Attention:        Corporate Secretary
                                     Telephone:        (949) 785-6691
                                     Facsimile:        (888) 577-7923



                                     UBS REAL ESTATE SECURITIES INC., as Class A
                                     Note Purchaser and as initial Class A
                                     Noteholder


                                     By:________________________________________
                                     Name:______________________________________
                                     Title:_____________________________________

                                     1285 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor
                                     Attention:  Prakash Wadhwani
                                     New York, New York  10019

                                     Telephone: 212-713-3983
                                     Facsimile:  212-713-7999


                                     Annex-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cps_10kex10-10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED SALE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                          <PAGE>

                                  RXHIBIT 10.10



                AMENDED AND RESTATED SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT

                                      AMONG

                           PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC, AS
                              PURCHASER AND ISSUER,

                      CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC. AS
                              SELLER AND SERVICER,


                                       AND

                     WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

                                       AS
                          BACKUP SERVICER AND TRUSTEE,



                                   DATED AS OF
                                JANUARY 12, 2007

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>     <C>

                                             TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                                               PAGE
                                                                                                               ----
ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS.............................................................................................1
   SECTION 1.1. DEFINITIONS.......................................................................................1
   SECTION 1.2. OTHER DEFINITIONAL PROVISIONS.....................................................................1

ARTICLE II CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES..............................................................................2
   SECTION 2.1. CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES.........................................................................2
   SECTION 2.2. TRANSFERS INTENDED AS SALES.......................................................................5
   SECTION 2.3. FURTHER ENCUMBRANCE OF RECEIVABLES AND OTHER CONVEYED PROPERTY....................................5

ARTICLE III THE RECEIVABLES.......................................................................................6
   SECTION 3.1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER..........................................................6
   SECTION 3.2. REPURCHASE UPON BREACH; SECTION  341 MEETING.....................................................13
   SECTION 3.3. CUSTODY OF RECEIVABLE FILES AND PLEDGED SUBORDINATE SECURITIES...................................13
   SECTION 3.4. ACCEPTANCE OF RECEIVABLE FILES BY TRUSTEE; MISSING CERTIFICATES OF TITLE.........................14
   SECTION 3.5. ACCESS TO RECEIVABLE FILES.......................................................................14
   SECTION 3.6. TRUSTEE TO OBTAIN FIDELITY INSURANCE.............................................................15
   SECTION 3.7. TRUSTEE TO MAINTAIN SECURE FACILITIES............................................................15

ARTICLE IV ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES...........................................................15
   SECTION 4.1. DUTIES OF THE SERVICER...........................................................................15
   SECTION 4.2. COLLECTION OF RECEIVABLE PAYMENTS; MODIFICATIONS OF RECEIVABLES; LOCKBOX AGREEMENTS..............16
   SECTION 4.3. REALIZATION UPON RECEIVABLES.....................................................................17
   SECTION 4.4. INSURANCE........................................................................................17
   SECTION 4.5. MAINTENANCE OF SECURITY INTERESTS IN VEHICLES....................................................18
   SECTION 4.6. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF SERVICER.................................................................18
   SECTION 4.7. PURCHASE OF RECEIVABLES UPON BREACH OF COVENANT..................................................19
   SECTION 4.8. SERVICING FEE....................................................................................19
   SECTION 4.9. SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE...........................................................................20
   SECTION 4.10. ANNUAL STATEMENT AS TO COMPLIANCE, NOTICE OF SERVICER TERMINATION EVENT.........................20
   SECTION 4.11. INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS' REPORTS................................................................20
   SECTION 4.12. INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS' REVIEW OF RECEIVABLE FILES.............................................21
   SECTION 4.13. ACCESS TO CERTAIN DOCUMENTATION AND INFORMATION REGARDING RECEIVABLES...........................21
   SECTION 4.14. VERIFICATION OF SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE..........................................................21
   SECTION 4.15. RETENTION AND TERMINATION OF SERVICER...........................................................22
   SECTION 4.16. ERRORS AND OMISSIONS POLICY AND FIDELITY BOND...................................................23

ARTICLE V ACCOUNTS; DISTRIBUTIONS; STATEMENTS TO THE NOTEHOLDER..................................................23
   SECTION 5.1. ESTABLISHMENT OF PLEDGED ACCOUNTS................................................................23
   SECTION 5.2. ESTABLISHMENT OF DEPOSIT ACCOUNT.................................................................24
   SECTION 5.3. CERTAIN REIMBURSEMENTS TO THE SERVICER...........................................................24
   SECTION 5.4. APPLICATION OF COLLECTIONS.......................................................................25
   SECTION 5.5. [RESERVED].......................................................................................25
   SECTION 5.6. DEPOSITS INTO THE COLLECTION ACCOUNT.............................................................25
   SECTION 5.7. DISTRIBUTIONS....................................................................................25
   SECTION 5.8. NOTE DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT........................................................................27
   SECTION 5.9. STATEMENTS TO NOTEHOLDERS........................................................................28
   SECTION 5.10. DIVIDEND OF INELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES..............................................................30

ARTICLE VI [RESERVED]............................................................................................30

ARTICLE VII THE PURCHASER........................................................................................30
   SECTION 7.1. REPRESENTATIONS OF PURCHASER.....................................................................30

                                                      -i-
<PAGE>

                                               TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                  (CONTINUED)

ARTICLE VIII THE SELLER..........................................................................................32
   SECTION 8.1. REPRESENTATIONS OF SELLER........................................................................32
   SECTION 8.2. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE SELLER...............................................................35
   SECTION 8.3. LIABILITY OF SELLER; INDEMNITIES.................................................................36
   SECTION 8.4. MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION OF, OR ASSUMPTION OF THE OBLIGATIONS OF, SELLER..........................37
   SECTION 8.5. [RESERVED].......................................................................................37
   SECTION 8.6. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS...........................................................................37

ARTICLE IX THE SERVICER..........................................................................................38
   SECTION 9.1. REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF SERVICER........................................................38
   SECTION 9.2. LIABILITY OF SERVICER; INDEMNITIES...............................................................39
   SECTION 9.3. MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION OF, OR ASSUMPTION OF THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE SERVICER OR BACKUP SERVICER..41
   SECTION 9.4. [RESERVED].......................................................................................42
   SECTION 9.5. DELEGATION OF DUTIES.............................................................................42
   SECTION 9.6. SERVICER AND BACKUP SERVICER NOT TO RESIGN.......................................................42

ARTICLE X DEFAULT................................................................................................42
   SECTION 10.1. SERVICER TERMINATION EVENTS.....................................................................42
   SECTION 10.2. CONSEQUENCES OF A SERVICER TERMINATION EVENT OR NON-EXTENSION OF TERM OF SERVICER...............43
   SECTION 10.3. APPOINTMENT OF SUCCESSOR........................................................................44
   SECTION 10.4. NOTIFICATION TO THE NOTEHOLDERS AND NOTE PURCHASERS.............................................45
   SECTION 10.5. WAIVER OF PAST DEFAULTS.........................................................................45
   SECTION 10.6. ACTION UPON CERTAIN FAILURES OF THE SERVICER....................................................45
   SECTION 10.7. CONTINUED ERRORS................................................................................45

ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS..............................................................................46
   SECTION 11.1. AMENDMENT.......................................................................................46
   SECTION 11.2. PROTECTION OF TITLE TO PROPERTY.................................................................47
   SECTION 11.3. NOTICES.........................................................................................49
   SECTION 11.4. ASSIGNMENT......................................................................................49
   SECTION 11.5. LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS OF OTHERS.................................................................49
   SECTION 11.6. SEVERABILITY....................................................................................49
   SECTION 11.7. SEPARATE COUNTERPARTS...........................................................................49
   SECTION 11.8. HEADINGS........................................................................................50
   SECTION 11.9. GOVERNING LAW...................................................................................50
   SECTION 11.10. ASSIGNMENT TO TRUSTEE..........................................................................50
   SECTION 11.11. NONPETITION COVENANTS..........................................................................50
   SECTION 11.12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF TRUSTEE.............................................................50
   SECTION 11.13. INDEPENDENCE OF THE SERVICER...................................................................50
   SECTION 11.14. NO JOINT VENTURE...............................................................................50
   SECTION 11.15. SPECIAL SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT.................................................................50
   SECTION 11.16. FULL RECOURSE TO THE ISSUER AND THE  PURCHASER.................................................50
   SECTION 11.17. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF ROLES.......................................................................51
   SECTION 11.18. TERMINATION....................................................................................51
   SECTION 11.19. SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION.....................................................................51
   SECTION 11.20. WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY........................................................................51
   SECTION 11.21. PROCESS AGENT..................................................................................52
   SECTION 11.22. SET-OFF........................................................................................52
   SECTION 11.23. NO WAIVER; CUMULATIVE REMEDIES.................................................................52
   SECTION 11.24. MERGER AND INTEGRATION.........................................................................52
   SECTION 11.25. INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT TO CONTROL.............................................................52
   SECTION 11.26. CONTROLLING NOTE PURCHASER; MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS OF HIGHEST PRIORITY CLASS.....................53
</TABLE>

                                                     -ii-
<PAGE>


ANNEXES

Annex A           Defined Terms

Annex B           List of Non-Certificated Title States

SCHEDULES

Schedule A    -   Schedule of Receivables

Schedule B    -   Location for Delivery of Receivable Files

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A     -   Form of Servicer's Certificate

Exhibit B     -   Form of Trust Receipt

Exhibit C     -   Form of Release Request

Exhibit D     -   [Reserved]

Exhibit E     -   [Reserved]

Exhibit F     -   Form of Assignment

Exhibit G     -   Form of Addition Notice

Exhibit H     -   Data Tape Fields

                                     -iii-

<PAGE>

         AMENDED AND RESTATED SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT")
dated as of January 12, 2007, among PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the "PURCHASER"), CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC., a
California corporation (in its capacities as Seller, the "SELLER" and as
Servicer, the "SERVICER," respectively), WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
a national banking association (in its capacities as Backup Servicer, the
"BACKUP SERVICER" and as Trustee, the "TRUSTEE," respectively).

         WHEREAS, the Purchaser desires to purchase, from time to time,
portfolios of receivables arising in connection with motor vehicle retail
installment sale contracts acquired by Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., from
motor vehicle dealers and independent finance companies;

         WHEREAS, the Purchaser intends to finance such purchases by issuing
Class A Notes and Class B Notes, each of which shall be secured by, among other
assets, the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property, pursuant to the
Indenture (as defined below);

         WHEREAS, the Seller is willing to sell such Receivables and the Other
Conveyed Property to the Purchaser from time to time; and

         WHEREAS the Servicer is willing to service all such Receivables.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I
                                    ---------

                                   DEFINITIONS
                                   -----------

         SECTION 1.1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and
not otherwise defined in this Agreement, shall have the meanings set forth in
Annex A attached hereto.

         SECTION 1.2. OTHER DEFINITIONAL PROVISIONS.

                  (a) All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined
         meanings when used in any instrument governed hereby and in any
         certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless
         otherwise defined therein.

                  (b) Accounting terms used but not defined or partly defined in
         this Agreement, in any instrument governed hereby or in any certificate
         or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto, to the extent not
         defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP as
         in effect on the date of determination or any such instrument,
         certificate or other document, as applicable. To the extent that the
         definitions of accounting terms in this Agreement or in any such
         instrument, certificate or other document are inconsistent with the
         meanings of such terms under GAAP, the definitions contained in this
         Agreement or in any such instrument, certificate or other document
         shall control.

                  (c) The words "HEREOF," "HEREIN," "HEREUNDER" and words of
         similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this
         Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
         Agreement.

                  (d) Section, Schedule and Exhibit references contained in this
         Agreement are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to
         this Agreement unless otherwise specified; and the term "INCLUDING"
         shall mean "INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION."

                  (e) The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable
         to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the
         masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such terms.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

                  Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to
herein or in any instrument or certificate delivered in connection herewith
means such agreement, instrument or statute as the same may from time to time be
amended, modified or supplemented in accordance with the terms thereof and
includes (in the case of agreements or instruments) references to all
attachments and instruments associated therewith; all references to a Person
include its permitted successors and assigns.

                                   ARTICLE II
                                   ----------

                            CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES
                            -------------------------

         SECTION 2.1. CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES.

                  (a) In consideration of the Purchaser's delivery to or upon
         the order of the Seller on any Funding Date of the Purchase Price
         therefor, the Seller does hereby sell, transfer, assign, set over and
         otherwise convey to the Purchaser, without recourse (subject to the
         obligations set forth herein) all right, title and interest of the
         Seller, whether now existing or hereafter arising, in, to and under:

                           (i) the Receivables listed in Schedule A to each
                  Assignment executed and delivered by the Seller on such
                  Funding Date;

                           (ii) all monies received under the Receivables on and
                  after the related Cutoff Date and all Net Liquidation Proceeds
                  received with respect to the Receivables on and after the
                  related Cutoff Date;

                           (iii) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles
                  and any accessions thereto granted by Obligors pursuant to the
                  related Contracts and any other interest of the Seller in such
                  Financed Vehicles, including, without limitation, the
                  certificates of title or, with respect to such Receivables
                  that finance a vehicle in the States listed in ANNEX B, other
                  evidence of title issued by the applicable Department of Motor
                  Vehicles or similar authority in such States, with respect to
                  such Financed Vehicles;

                           (iv) any proceeds from claims on any Receivables
                  Insurance Policies or certificates relating to the Financed
                  Vehicles securing the Receivables or the Obligors thereunder;

                           (v) all proceeds from recourse against Dealers or
                  Consumer Lenders with respect to the Receivables and all other
                  rights (but none of the obligations) of the Seller under any
                  agreements with Dealers or Consumer Lenders;

                           (vi) refunds for the costs of extended service
                  contracts with respect to Financed Vehicles securing the
                  Receivables, refunds of unearned premiums with respect to
                  credit life and credit accident and health insurance policies
                  or certificates covering an Obligor or Financed Vehicle under
                  a Receivable or his or her obligations with respect to a
                  Financed Vehicle and any recourse to Dealers or Consumer
                  Lenders for any of the foregoing;

                           (vii) the Receivable File related to each Receivable
                  and all other documents that the Seller keeps on file in
                  accordance with its customary procedures relating to the
                  Receivables for Obligors of the Financed Vehicles;

                           (viii) all amounts and property from time to time
                  held in or credited to the Collection Account or the Lockbox
                  Account;

                           (ix) all property (including the right to receive
                  future Net Liquidation Proceeds) that secures a Receivable
                  that has been acquired by or on behalf of the Seller or the
                  Purchaser pursuant to a liquidation of such Receivable;

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

                           (x) the proceeds from any Servicer's errors and
                  omissions policy or fidelity bond, to the extent such proceeds
                  relate to any Receivable, Financed Vehicle or other
                  Collateral; and

                           (xi) all present and future claims, demands, causes
                  and choses in action in respect of any or all of the foregoing
                  and all payments on or under and all proceeds of every kind
                  and nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the
                  foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary
                  or involuntary, into cash or other liquid property, all cash
                  proceeds, accounts, accounts receivable, notes, drafts,
                  acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts,
                  insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, rights to payment of
                  any and every kind and other forms of obligations and
                  receivables, instruments and other property which at any time
                  constitute all or part of or are included in the proceeds of
                  any of the foregoing.

                  (b) The Seller shall transfer to the Purchaser the Receivables
         and the Other Conveyed Property described in PARAGRAPH (a) above only
         upon the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth below on or
         prior to the related Funding Date. In addition to constituting
         conditions precedent to any purchase hereunder and under each
         Assignment, the following shall also be conditions precedent to any
         Advance on any Funding Date under the terms of the applicable Note
         Purchase Agreement:

                           (i) the Seller shall have provided the Purchaser,
                  Trustee, the applicable Note Purchaser and the applicable
                  Noteholders with (A) an Addition Notice substantially in the
                  form of EXHIBIT G hereto (which shall include a supplement to
                  the Schedule of Receivables) and (B) a data tape or other
                  electronic file containing information regarding the Related
                  Receivables in the form of EXHIBIT H hereto to be transferred
                  on such Funding Date (the "DATA TAPE FIELDS") no later than
                  2:00 p.m. (New York City time) four (4) Business Days prior to
                  such Funding Date and shall have provided any information
                  reasonably requested by any of the foregoing with respect to
                  the Issuer, the Servicer and the Related Receivables;

                           (ii) the Seller shall, to the extent required by
                  SECTION 4.2 of this Agreement, have deposited in the
                  Collection Account all collections received on and after the
                  Cutoff Date in respect of the Related Receivables to be
                  purchased on such Funding Date;

                           (iii) as of each Funding Date, (A) the Seller shall
                  not be insolvent and shall not become insolvent as a result of
                  the transfer of Related Receivables on such Funding Date, (B)
                  the Seller shall not intend to incur or believe that it shall
                  incur debts that would be beyond its ability to pay as such
                  debts mature, (C) such transfer shall not have been made with
                  actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud any Person and (D)
                  the assets of the Seller shall not constitute unreasonably
                  small capital to carry out its business as then conducted;

                           (iv) if such Funding Date is a Class A Funding Date,
                  the Class A Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred;

                           (v) if such Funding Date is a Class B Funding Date,
                  the Class B Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred;

                           (vi) the Servicer shall have established a Lockbox
                  Account acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser;

                           (vii) each of the representations and warranties made
                  by the Seller pursuant to SECTION 3.1 and the other Basic
                  Documents with respect to the Related Receivables to be
                  purchased on such Funding Date shall be true and correct as of
                  the related Funding Date and the Seller shall have performed
                  all obligations to be performed by it hereunder or in any
                  Assignment on or prior to such Funding Date;

                           (viii) the Seller shall, at its own expense, on or
                  prior to the Funding Date, indicate in its computer files that
                  the Related Receivables to be purchased on such Funding Date


                                      -6-
<PAGE>

                  have been sold to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement or
                  an Assignment, as applicable, and have been pledged by the
                  Purchaser to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note
                  Purchasers and the Noteholders under the Indenture;

                           (ix) the Seller shall have taken all action required
                  to maintain (A) the first priority perfected ownership
                  interest of the Purchaser in the Related Receivables and Other
                  Conveyed Property, (B) subject to the terms and provisions of
                  the Intercreditor Agreement, the first priority perfected
                  security interest of the Trustee in the Collateral for the
                  benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, (C) the
                  first priority perfected security interest of the Trustee in
                  the Pledged Subordinate Securities for the benefit of the
                  Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders, and (D)
                  subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor
                  Agreement, the second priority perfected security interest of
                  the UBS Indenture Trustee in the Bear Cross Collateral
                  (subject only to the Lien granted pursuant to Granting Clause
                  I of the Indenture) for the benefit of the Class B note
                  purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic
                  Documents;

                           (x) no selection procedures adverse to the interests
                  of any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder shall have been
                  utilized in selecting the Related Receivables to be sold on
                  such Funding Date;

                           (xi) the addition of any such Related Receivables to
                  be purchased on such Funding Date shall not result in a
                  material adverse tax consequence to any Noteholder, any Note
                  Purchaser or the Purchaser;

                           (xii) the Seller shall have delivered to each
                  Noteholder, the applicable Note Purchaser and the Trustee an
                  Officers' Certificate confirming the satisfaction of each
                  condition precedent specified in this paragraph (b);

                           (xiii) if such Funding Date is a Class A Funding
                  Date, no Class A Funding Termination Event, Servicer
                  Termination Event, or any event that, with the giving of
                  notice or the passage of time, or both, would constitute a
                  Class A Funding Termination Event or Servicer Termination
                  Event, shall have occurred and be continuing;

                           (xiv) if such Funding Date is a Class B Funding Date,
                  no Class B Funding Termination Event, Servicer Termination
                  Event, or any event that, with the giving of notice or the
                  passage of time, or both, would constitute a Class B Funding
                  Termination Event or Servicer Termination Event, shall have
                  occurred and be continuing;

                           (xv) the Trustee shall have confirmed receipt of the
                  related Receivable File for each Related Receivable included
                  in the applicable Borrowing Base calculation and shall have
                  delivered an original Trust Receipt to the Controlling Note
                  Purchaser and a copy thereof to the applicable Noteholders and
                  the other Note Purchasers with respect to the Receivable Files
                  related to the Related Receivables to be purchased on such
                  Funding Date;

                           (xvi) the Seller shall have filed or caused to be
                  filed all necessary UCC-l financing statements (or amendments
                  thereto) necessary to maintain (in each case assuming for
                  purposes of this clause (xvi) that such perfection may be
                  achieved by making the appropriate filings), and taken any
                  other steps necessary to maintain, (A) the first priority
                  perfected ownership interest of Purchaser and (B) subject to
                  the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the
                  first priority, perfected security interest of the Trustee for
                  the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, with
                  respect to the Related Receivables and Other Conveyed Property
                  and the Collateral, respectively, to be transferred on such
                  Funding Date;

                           (xvii) the Seller shall have filed or caused to be
                  filed all necessary UCC-l financing statements (or amendments
                  thereto) necessary to maintain (in each case assuming for
                  purposes of this clause (xvii) that such perfection may be
                  achieved by making the appropriate filings), and taken any


                                      -7-
<PAGE>

                  other steps necessary to maintain, (A) the first priority
                  perfected security interest of the Trustee for the benefit of
                  the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders, with
                  respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities and (B) subject
                  to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement,
                  the second priority perfected security interest of the UBS
                  Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note
                  purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic
                  Documents, with respect to the Bear Cross Collateral (subject
                  only to the Lien created pursuant to Granting Clause I of the
                  Indenture);

                           (xviii) the Seller shall have executed and delivered
                  an Assignment in the form of EXHIBIT F with respect to such
                  Related Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property related
                  thereto;

                           (xix) each of the conditions precedent to such
                  Advance set forth in this Agreement, the Indenture and the
                  applicable Note Purchase Agreement shall have been satisfied;

                           (xx) if such Funding Date is a Class A Funding Date,
                  such Class A Funding Date shall not occur in the same calendar
                  week as any prior Class A Funding Date;

                           (xxi) if such Funding Date is a Class B Funding Date,
                  such Class B Funding Date shall also be a Class A Funding Date
                  and no more than two Class B Funding Dates shall occur during
                  any one calendar month; and

                           (xxii) if such Funding Date is a Class B Funding
                  Date, such Class B Funding Date shall not be a funding date
                  for the Class B notes issued under the UBS Warehouse Facility.

                  Unless waived by the Controlling Note Purchaser (or the Class
         B Note Purchasers, in the case of ITEM (v), ITEM (ix)(c) AND (d), ITEM
         (xiv), ITEM (xvii)(a) AND (b), ITEM (xxi) and ITEM (xxii) above) in
         writing, the Seller covenants that in the event any of the foregoing
         conditions precedent are not satisfied with respect to any Related
         Receivable on the date required as specified above, the Seller will
         immediately repurchase such Related Receivable from the Purchaser, at a
         price equal to the Purchase Amount thereof, in the manner specified in
         SECTION 3.2 and SECTION 4.7. Except with respect to ITEM (xvi) above,
         the Trustee may rely on the accuracy of the Officers' Certificate
         delivered pursuant to ITEM (xii) above without independent inquiry or
         verification.

                  (c) PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE. In consideration for the sale
         of the Related Receivables and Other Conveyed Property described in
         SECTION 2.1(A) or the related Assignment, the Purchaser shall, on each
         Funding Date on which Related Receivables are transferred hereunder,
         pay to or upon the order of the Seller the applicable Purchase Price in
         the following manner: (i) cash in an amount equal to the amount of each
         Advance received by the Purchaser under the Notes on such Funding Date
         and (ii) to the extent the Purchase Price for the related Receivables
         and Other Conveyed Property exceeds the aggregate amount of cash
         described in (i), such excess shall be treated as a capital
         contribution by the Seller to the Purchaser.

         SECTION 2.2. TRANSFERS INTENDED AS SALES. It is the intention of the
Seller and the Purchaser that each transfer and assignment contemplated by this
Agreement and each Assignment shall constitute a sale of the Related Receivables
and Other Conveyed Property from the Seller to the Purchaser free and clear of
all liens and rights of others and it is intended that the beneficial interest
in and title to the Related Receivables and Other Conveyed Property shall not be
part of the Seller's estate in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy petition
by or against the Seller under any bankruptcy law. In the event that,
notwithstanding the intent of the Seller and the Purchaser, the transfer and
assignment contemplated hereby or by any Assignment is held not to be a sale,
this Agreement and each Assignment shall constitute a security agreement under
applicable law and the Seller hereby grants to the Purchaser a security interest
in the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property, which security interest has been
assigned to the Trustee, acting on behalf of the Noteholders and Note
Purchasers.

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 2.3. FURTHER ENCUMBRANCE OF RECEIVABLES AND OTHER CONVEYED
PROPERTY.

                  (a) Immediately upon the conveyance to the Purchaser by the
         Seller of the Related Receivables and any item of the related Other
         Conveyed Property pursuant to SECTION 2.1 and the related Assignment,
         all right, title and interest of the Seller in and to such Related
         Receivables and Other Conveyed Property shall terminate, and all such
         right, title and interest shall vest in the Purchaser.

                  (b) Immediately upon the vesting of any Related Receivables
         and the related Other Conveyed Property in the Purchaser, the Purchaser
         shall have the sole right to pledge or otherwise encumber such Related
         Receivables and the related Other Conveyed Property. Pursuant to the
         Indenture, (i) subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor
         Agreement, the Purchaser shall grant a security interest in the
         Collateral to secure the repayment of the Notes, the other Secured
         Obligations and any and all other amounts due and owing to the Note
         Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents, (ii)
         the Purchaser shall grant a security interest in the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities to secure the repayment of the Class B Notes,
         the other Secured Obligations and any and all other amounts due and
         owing, in each case, to the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B
         Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents, and (iii) subject to the
         terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Purchaser
         shall grant a second priority security interest in the Bear Cross
         Collateral to secure the repayment of the Class B notes and any and all
         other amounts due and owing, in each case, to the Class B note
         purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents
         pursuant to the UBS Basic Documents, subject only to the Lien Granted
         pursuant to Granting Clause I of the Indenture.

                  (c) The Trustee shall, at such time as (i) each Facility
         Termination Date has occurred, (ii) the payment in full of the Secured
         Obligations has occurred, (iii) each Note Purchase Agreement shall have
         been terminated pursuant to its terms, (iv) there are no Notes
         Outstanding, (v) all sums due to the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and
         the Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents and all sums due to the
         UBS Indenture Trustee, the Class B note purchasers and the Class B
         noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents have been paid in full, and
         (vi) all other conditions precedent under the Indenture shall have been
         satisfied, release any remaining portion of the Collateral, the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities and the Bear Cross Collateral to the Purchaser.

                                  ARTICLE III.
                                  ------------

                                 THE RECEIVABLES
                                 ---------------

         SECTION 3.1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER. (a) The Seller
makes the following representations and warranties as to the Receivables to the
Purchaser, to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders, to each Note Purchaser and to each Noteholder, on which the
Purchaser relies in acquiring the Receivables, on which the Trustee relies in
accepting a pledge of the Receivables under the Indenture, on which the
Noteholders have relied in purchasing the Notes and on which each Note Purchaser
will rely in paying the Advance Amounts to the Purchaser. Such representations
and warranties speak as of the Class A Closing Date (with respect to the Class A
Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders) and the Class B Closing Date (with
respect to the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders) and as of
each Funding Date; PROVIDED that to the extent such representations and
warranties relate to the Receivables conveyed on any Funding Date, such
representations and warranties shall speak as of the related Funding Date, but
shall survive the sale, transfer and assignment of the Receivables to the
Purchaser and the pledge thereof by the Purchaser hereunder to the Trustee
pursuant to the Indenture.

                           (i) CHARACTERISTICS OF RECEIVABLES. Each Receivable
                  (1) is evidenced either by (i) a retail installment sale
                  contract or (ii) an installment promissory note and security
                  agreement; (2) if such Receivable is evidenced by a retail
                  installment sale contract, has been originated in the United
                  States of America by a Dealer for the retail sale of a
                  Financed Vehicle in the ordinary course of such Dealer's
                  business and without any fraud or misrepresentation on the
                  part of the Dealer, such Dealer had all necessary licenses and
                  permits to originate such Receivables in the state where such
                  Dealer was located, has been fully and properly executed by


                                      -9-
<PAGE>

                  the parties thereto, has been purchased by the Seller directly
                  from the Dealer in connection with the sale of Financed
                  Vehicles by the Dealer and has been validly assigned without
                  any intervening assignments by such Dealer to the Seller in
                  accordance with its terms; (3) if such Receivable is evidenced
                  by an installment promissory note and security agreement, has
                  been originated in the United States of America by a Consumer
                  Lender in the ordinary course of such Consumer Lender's
                  business and without any fraud or misrepresentation on the
                  part of such Consumer Lender or the Dealer, and such Consumer
                  Lender had all necessary licenses and permits to originate
                  such Receivable in the State where such Receivable was
                  originated and where such Consumer Lender was located, and
                  such Receivable has been fully and properly executed by the
                  parties thereto, has been purchased by the Seller directly
                  from the Consumer Lender (if the Consumer Lender is not the
                  Seller) in connection with the sale of Financed Vehicles by
                  the Dealer and has been validly assigned by such Consumer
                  Lender without any intervening assignments by such Consumer
                  Lender to the Seller (if the Consumer Lender is not the
                  Seller); (4) has created a valid, subsisting, and enforceable
                  first priority perfected security interest in favor of the
                  Seller or the Consumer Lender, as applicable, in the Financed
                  Vehicle, which security interest has been validly assigned by
                  the Seller to the Purchaser or by the Consumer Lender to the
                  Seller (if the Consumer Lender is not the Seller) and by the
                  Seller to the Purchaser, as applicable, and by the Purchaser
                  to the Trustee; (5) contains customary and enforceable
                  provisions such that the rights and remedies of the holder or
                  assignee thereof shall be adequate for realization against the
                  collateral of the benefits of the security including without
                  limitation a right of repossession following a default; (6)
                  provides for level weekly, bi-weekly, semi-monthly or monthly
                  payments that fully amortize the Amount Financed over the
                  original term (except for the last payment, which may be
                  different from the level payment but in no event shall exceed
                  three times such level payment) and yields interest at the
                  Annual Percentage Rate; (7) if such Receivable is evidenced by
                  a retail installment sale contract, was originated by a Dealer
                  to an Obligor and was sold by the Dealer to the Seller, or if
                  such Receivable is evidenced by an installment promissory note
                  and security agreement, was originated by a Consumer Lender to
                  an Obligor and, if not originated by the Seller, has been sold
                  by such Consumer Lender to the Seller, in each case without
                  any fraud or misrepresentation on the part of the Seller, such
                  Consumer Lender, such Dealer or the related Obligor; (8) is
                  denominated in U.S. dollars; (9) provides, in the case of
                  prepayment, for the full payment of the Principal Balance
                  thereof plus accrued interest through the date of prepayment
                  based on the APR of the Receivable; and (10) contains no
                  obligation to lend more money to the related Obligor in the
                  future.

                           (ii) ADDITIONAL RECEIVABLES CHARACTERISTICS. As of
                  the related Funding Date, as applicable:

                           (A) each Related Receivable has (1) an original term
                  of 24 to 72 months; (2) an original Amount Financed of at
                  least $3,000 and not more than $35,000; and (3) had an APR of
                  at least 8% and not more than 30% (subject to applicable
                  laws);

                           (B) each Related Receivable is not more than 30 days
                  past due with respect to more than 10% of any Scheduled
                  Receivable Payment as of the related Cutoff Date and no funds
                  have been advanced by the Seller, any Dealer, any Consumer
                  Lender or anyone acting on their behalf in order to cause any
                  Related Receivable to satisfy such requirement;

                           (C) no Related Receivable has been extended beyond
                  its original term, except in accordance with the Seller's
                  Contract Purchase Guidelines regarding deferments or
                  extensions;

                           (D) each Related Receivable satisfies in all material
                  respects the Seller's Contract Purchase Guidelines as in
                  effect on the Closing Date or as otherwise amended from time
                  to time in accordance with Section 8.2(c); and

                           (E) each Related Receivable that is a Seasoned
                  Receivable shall (i) not have an Obligor that has failed to
                  make the first Scheduled Receivable Payment due on such
                  Seasoned Receivable, (ii) not have been sold to the Purchaser
                  and pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders
                  and the Note Purchasers more than 120 days after the Seller


                                      -10-
<PAGE>

                  paid the related Dealer or Consumer Lender (if such Consumer
                  Lender is not the Seller) for such Seasoned Receivable, (iii)
                  not have an Obligor that has ever been delinquent in payment
                  with respect to such Seasoned Receivable for more than sixty
                  (60) days.

                           (iii) SCHEDULE OF RECEIVABLES. The information with
                  respect to the Related Receivables set forth in Schedule A to
                  the related Assignment is true and correct in all material
                  respects as of the close of business on the related Cutoff
                  Date, and no selection procedures adverse to any Noteholder or
                  any Note Purchaser have been utilized in selecting the Related
                  Receivables to be sold hereunder and thereunder.

                           (iv) COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. Each Related Receivable,
                  the sale of the Financed Vehicle and the sale of any physical
                  damage, credit life and credit accident and health insurance
                  and any extended warranties or service contracts complied at
                  the time the Related Receivable was originated or made and at
                  the execution of the applicable Assignment complies in all
                  material respects with all requirements of applicable Federal,
                  State, and local laws, including, without limitation, Consumer
                  Laws. Each Receivable has been serviced in compliance with all
                  applicable requirements of law.

                           (v) NO GOVERNMENT OBLIGOR. None of the Related
                  Receivables are due from the United States of America or any
                  State or from any agency, department, or instrumentality of
                  the United States of America or any State.

                           (vi) NO FLEET SALES. None of the Receivables have
                  been included in a "fleet" sale (i.e., a sale to any single
                  Obligor of more than five Financed Vehicles).

                           (vii) SECURITY INTEREST IN FINANCED VEHICLE.
                  Immediately subsequent to the sale, assignment and transfer
                  thereof to the Purchaser, each Related Receivable shall be
                  secured by a validly perfected first priority security
                  interest in the Financed Vehicle in favor of the Seller as
                  secured party which security interest has been validly
                  assigned to the Purchaser and subsequently validly pledged to
                  the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and Note
                  Purchasers, and such assigned security interest is prior to
                  all other liens upon and security interests in such Financed
                  Vehicle which now exist or may hereafter arise or be created
                  (except, as to priority, for any tax liens or mechanics' liens
                  which may arise after the related Funding Date as a result of
                  an Obligor's failure to pay its obligations, as applicable).

                           (viii) RECEIVABLES IN FORCE. No Related Receivable
                  has been satisfied, subordinated or rescinded, nor has any
                  related Financed Vehicle been released from the lien granted
                  by the related Receivable in whole or in part.

                           (ix) NO WAIVER. Except as permitted under SECTION 4.2
                  and CLAUSE (X) below, no provision of a Related Receivable has
                  been waived, altered or modified in any respect since its
                  origination. No Related Receivable has been modified as a
                  result of application of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act,
                  as amended.

                           (x) NO AMENDMENTS. No Related Receivable has been
                  amended, modified, waived or refinanced except as such Related
                  Receivable may have been amended in accordance with Servicer's
                  Servicing Guidelines.

                           (xi) NO DEFENSES. No right of rescission, setoff,
                  counterclaim or defense exists or has been asserted or
                  threatened with respect to any Related Receivable. The
                  operation of the terms of any Related Receivable or the
                  exercise of any right thereunder will not render such Related
                  Receivable unenforceable in whole or in part and such
                  Receivable is not subject to any such right of rescission,
                  setoff, counterclaim, or defense.

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

                           (xii) NO LIENS. As of the related Cutoff Date, (a)
                  there are no liens or claims existing or which have been filed
                  for work, labor, storage or materials relating to a Financed
                  Vehicle financed under a Related Receivable that shall be
                  liens prior to, or equal or coordinate with, the security
                  interest in the Financed Vehicle granted by the Related
                  Receivable and (b) there is no lien against the Financed
                  Vehicle financed under a Related Receivable for delinquent
                  taxes.

                           (xiii) NO DEFAULT; REPOSSESSION. Except for payment
                  delinquencies continuing for a period of not more than 45 days
                  as of the related Cutoff Date, no default, breach, violation
                  or event permitting acceleration under the terms of any
                  Related Receivable has occurred; and no continuing condition
                  that with notice or the lapse of time, or both, would
                  constitute a default, breach, violation or event permitting
                  acceleration under the terms of any Related Receivable has
                  arisen; and the Seller shall not waive and has not waived any
                  of the foregoing (except in a manner consistent with SECTION
                  4.2) and no Financed Vehicle financed under a Related
                  Receivable shall have been repossessed.

                           (xiv) INSURANCE; OTHER. (A) Each Obligor under the
                  Related Receivables has obtained an insurance policy covering
                  the Financed Vehicle as of the execution of such Receivable
                  insuring against loss and damage due to fire, theft,
                  transportation, collision and other risks generally covered by
                  comprehensive and collision coverage, the Seller and its
                  successors and assigns are named the loss payee or an
                  additional insured of such insurance policy, such insurance
                  policy is in an amount at least equal to the lesser of (i) the
                  Financed Vehicle's actual cash value or (ii) the remaining
                  Principal Balance of the Related Receivable, and each Related
                  Receivable requires the Obligor to obtain and maintain such
                  insurance naming the Seller and its successors and assigns as
                  loss payee or an additional insured, (B) each Related
                  Receivable that finances the cost of premiums for credit life
                  and credit accident and health insurance is covered by an
                  insurance policy or certificate of insurance naming the Seller
                  as policyholder (creditor) under each such insurance policy
                  and certificate of insurance and (C) as to each Related
                  Receivable that finances the cost of an extended service
                  contract, the respective Financed Vehicle which secures the
                  Related Receivable is covered by an extended service contract.
                  As of the related Cutoff Date, no Financed Vehicle is or had
                  previously been insured under a policy of forced-placed
                  insurance.

                           (xv) TITLE. It is the intention of the Seller that
                  each transfer and assignment herein contemplated constitutes a
                  sale of the Related Receivables and the related Other Conveyed
                  Property from the Seller to the Purchaser and that the
                  beneficial interest in and title to such Related Receivables
                  and related Other Conveyed Property not be part of the
                  Seller's estate in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy
                  petition by or against the Seller under any bankruptcy law. No
                  Related Receivable or related Other Conveyed Property has been
                  sold, transferred, assigned, or pledged by the Seller to any
                  Person other than the Purchaser and by the Purchaser to any
                  Person other than the Trustee. Immediately prior to each
                  transfer and assignment herein contemplated, the Seller had
                  good and marketable title to each Related Receivable and
                  related Other Conveyed Property and was the sole owner
                  thereof, free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances,
                  security interests, and rights of others, and, immediately
                  upon the transfer thereof to the Purchaser and the Purchaser
                  shall have good and marketable title to the Receivables and
                  the other Conveyed Property and shall be the sole owner
                  thereof, free and clear of all Liens and, immediately upon the
                  pledge thereof to the Trustee under the Indenture, the Trustee
                  for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers,
                  subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor
                  Agreement, shall have a valid and enforceable security
                  interest in the Collateral, free and clear of all liens,
                  encumbrances, security interests, and rights of others, and
                  each such transfer and pledge has been perfected under the
                  UCC. No Dealer or Consumer Lender (unless such Consumer Lender
                  is the Seller) has a participation in, or other right to
                  receive, proceeds of any Receivable.

                           (xvi) LAWFUL ASSIGNMENT; NO CONSENT REQUIRED. No
                  Related Receivable has been originated in, or is subject to
                  the laws of, any jurisdiction under which the sale, transfer,
                  and assignment of such Related Receivable under this Agreement
                  or the pledge of such Related Receivable under the Indenture
                  or pursuant to transfers of the Notes shall be unlawful, void,
                  or voidable. The Seller has not entered into any agreement


                                      -12-
<PAGE>

                  with any account debtor that prohibits, restricts or
                  conditions the assignment of any portion of the Related
                  Receivables. For the validity of such sales, transfers,
                  assignments and pledges, no consent by any Dealer, Consumer
                  Lender, Obligor or any other Person is required under any
                  agreement or applicable law.

                           (xvii) ALL FILINGS MADE. All filings (including,
                  without limitation, UCC filings or other actions) necessary in
                  any jurisdiction to give: (a) the Purchaser a first priority
                  perfected ownership interest in the Receivables and the Other
                  Conveyed Property, including, without limitation, the proceeds
                  of the Receivables (to the extent that the Purchaser can
                  obtain such first priority perfected security interest
                  pursuant to one or more filings), (b) subject to the terms and
                  provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Trustee, for
                  the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, a
                  first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral,
                  (c) the Trustee, for the benefit of the Class B Note
                  Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders, a first priority
                  perfected security interest in the Pledged Subordinate
                  Securities, and (d) subject to the terms and provisions of the
                  Intercreditor Agreement, the UBS Indenture Trustee, for the
                  benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B
                  noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents, a second priority
                  perfected security interest in the Bear Cross Collateral
                  (subject only to the Lien granted pursuant to Granting Clause
                  I of the Indenture), have been made, taken or performed.

                           (xviii) RECEIVABLE FILE; ONE ORIGINAL. The Seller has
                  delivered to the Trustee, at the location specified in
                  SCHEDULE B hereto, a complete Receivable File with respect to
                  each Related Receivable, and the Trustee has delivered an
                  original Trust Receipt therefor to the Controlling Note
                  Purchaser and a copy thereof to the Purchaser, the other Note
                  Purchasers and the Noteholders. There is only one original
                  executed copy of each Receivable. The Servicer has in its
                  possession all other relevant documents with respect to the
                  Receivables, including without limitation the related credit
                  application and verification of insurance.

                           (xix) CHATTEL PAPER. Each Related Receivable
                  constitutes "TANGIBLE CHATTEL PAPER" under the UCC.

                           (xx) TITLE DOCUMENTS. (A) If the Related Receivable
                  was originated in a State in which notation of a security
                  interest on the title document of the related Financed Vehicle
                  is required or permitted to perfect such security interest,
                  the title document of the related Financed Vehicle for such
                  Related Receivable shows, or if a new or replacement title
                  document is being applied for with respect to such Financed
                  Vehicle the title document (or, with respect to Related
                  Receivables that finance a vehicle in the States listed in
                  ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued by the applicable
                  Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority in such
                  States) will be received within 180 days of the origination
                  date and will show, the Seller named as the original secured
                  party under the Related Receivable as the holder of a first
                  priority security interest in such Financed Vehicle, and (B)
                  if the Related Receivable was originated in a State in which
                  the filing of a financing statement under the UCC is required
                  to perfect a security interest in motor vehicles, such filings
                  or recordings have been duly made and show the Seller named as
                  the original secured party under the Related Receivable, and
                  in either case, the Trustee has the same rights as such
                  secured party has or would have (if such secured party were
                  still the owner of the Receivable) against all parties
                  claiming an interest in such Financed Vehicle, and such rights
                  have been validly pledged, subject to the terms and provisions
                  of the Intercreditor Agreement, to the Trustee for the benefit
                  of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers pursuant to the
                  Indenture. With respect to each Related Receivable for which
                  the title document has not yet been returned from the
                  Registrar of Titles, the Seller has received written evidence
                  from the related Dealer that such title document showing the
                  Seller as first lienholder has been applied for.

                           (xxi) VALID AND BINDING OBLIGATION OF OBLIGOR. Each
                  Related Receivable is the legal, valid and binding obligation
                  in writing of the Obligor thereunder and is enforceable in
                  accordance with its terms, except only as such enforcement may
                  be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting
                  the enforcement of creditors' rights generally, and all


                                      -13-
<PAGE>

                  parties to such contract had full legal capacity to execute
                  and deliver such contract and all other documents related
                  thereto and to grant the security interest purported to be
                  granted thereby. Each Related Receivable is not subject to any
                  right of set-off by the Obligor.

                           (xxii) CHARACTERISTICS OF OBLIGORS. As of the date of
                  each Obligor's application for credit from which the Related
                  Receivable arises, such Obligor (a) did not have any material
                  past due credit obligations or any personal or real property
                  repossessed or wages garnished within one year prior to the
                  date of such application, unless such amounts have been repaid
                  or discharged through bankruptcy, (b) was not the subject of
                  any Federal, State or other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
                  proceeding pending on the date of application that has not
                  been discharged, (c) had not been the subject of more than one
                  Federal, State or other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
                  proceeding that has not completed a Section 341 Meeting, (d)
                  was domiciled in the United States and (e) was not
                  self-employed. During the period from the date of each
                  Obligor's application for financing of the Financed Vehicle
                  from which the related Receivable arises to the applicable
                  Funding Date, no Obligor is or has been the subject of any
                  Federal, State or other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
                  proceeding that has not completed a Section 341 Meeting.

                           (xxiii) POST-OFFICE BOX. On or prior to the next
                  billing period after the related Cutoff Date, the Servicer
                  will notify each Obligor to make payments with respect to its
                  respective Related Receivables after the related Cutoff Date
                  directly to the Post-Office Box, and will provide each Obligor
                  with a monthly statement in order to enable such Obligor to
                  make payments directly to the Post-Office Box.

                           (xxiv) CASUALTY AND IMPOUNDING. No Financed Vehicle
                  financed under a Related Receivable has suffered a Casualty
                  and the Seller has not received any notice that any Financed
                  Vehicle has been impounded.

                           (xxv) NO AGREEMENT TO LEND. The Obligor with respect
                  to each Related Receivable does not have any option under the
                  Receivable to borrow from any person any funds secured by the
                  Financed Vehicle.

                           (xxvi) OBLIGATION TO DEALERS OR OTHERS. The Purchaser
                  and its assignees will assume no obligation to Dealers,
                  Consumer Lenders or other originators or holders of the
                  Related Receivables (including, but not limited to under
                  dealer reserves) as a result of its purchase of the Related
                  Receivables.

                           (xxvii) NO IMPAIRMENT. Neither Seller nor the
                  Purchaser has done anything to convey any right to any Person
                  that would result in such Person having a right to payments
                  due under any Related Receivables or otherwise to impair the
                  rights of the Purchaser, the Trustee, any Noteholder or any
                  Note Purchaser in any Related Receivable or the proceeds
                  thereof.

                           (xxviii) RECEIVABLES NOT ASSUMABLE. No Related
                  Receivable is assumable by another Person in a manner which
                  would release the Obligor thereof from such Obligor's
                  obligations to the Purchaser or Seller with respect to such
                  Related Receivable.

                           (xxix) SERVICING. The servicing of each Related
                  Receivable and the collection practices relating thereto have
                  been lawful and in accordance with the standards set forth in
                  this Agreement; and other than Seller and the Back-up Servicer
                  pursuant to the Basic Documents, no other person has the right
                  to service the Receivable.

                           (xxx) CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST. This Agreement
                  creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined
                  in the UCC) in the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property
                  in favor of the Purchaser, which security interest is prior to
                  all other Liens (other than the Liens of the Trustee and the
                  UBS Indenture Trustee under the Indenture) and is enforceable


                                      -14-
<PAGE>

                  as such as against creditors of and purchasers from the
                  Seller. The Indenture creates a valid and continuing security
                  interest (as defined in the UCC) in (x) subject to the terms
                  and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Collateral
                  in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and
                  the Note Purchasers, which security interest is prior to all
                  other Liens, (y) the Pledged Subordinate Securities in favor
                  of the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B Note Purchasers
                  and the Class B Noteholders, which security interest is prior
                  to all other Liens, and (z) subject to the terms and
                  provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Bear Cross
                  Collateral in favor of the UBS Indenture Trustee for the
                  benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B
                  noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents, which security
                  interest is prior to all Liens, other than the Lien created
                  pursuant to Granting Clause I of the Indenture, and such
                  security interests are, in each case, enforceable as such as
                  against creditors of and purchasers from the Issuer.

                           (xxxi) PERFECTION OF SECURITY INTEREST IN RECEIVABLES
                  AND OTHER CONVEYED PROPERTY. The Seller has caused the filing
                  of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing
                  office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law
                  in order to perfect the security interest in the Receivables
                  and the Other Conveyed Property granted to the Purchaser
                  hereunder pursuant to SECTION 2.1 and the related Assignment.

                           (xxxii) PERFECTION OF SECURITY INTEREST IN TRUST
                  ESTATE. The Purchaser has caused the filing of all appropriate
                  financing statements in the proper filing office in the
                  appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to
                  perfect (i) the security interest in the Receivables and the
                  other Collateral granted to the Trustee for the benefit of the
                  Noteholders and the Note Purchasers pursuant to Granting
                  Clause I of the Indenture; (i) the security interest in the
                  Pledged Subordinate Securities granted to the Trustee for the
                  benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note
                  Purchasers pursuant to Granting Clause II of the Indenture,
                  and (i) the security interest in the Bear Cross Collateral
                  granted to the UBS Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the
                  Class B noteholders and the Class B note purchasers under the
                  UBS Basic Documents pursuant to Granting Clause III of the
                  Indenture.

                           (xxxiii) PERFECTION OF SECURITY INTERESTS IN FINANCED
                  VEHICLES. The Seller has taken all steps necessary to perfect
                  its security interest against the Obligors in the Financed
                  Vehicles securing the Receivables and such security interest
                  has been validly assigned by the Seller to the Purchaser and
                  pledged by the Purchaser to the Trustee for the benefit of the
                  Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

                           (xxxiv) NO OTHER SECURITY INTERESTS - SELLER. Other
                  than the security interest granted to the Purchaser pursuant
                  to SECTION 2.1 and the related Assignment, the Seller has not
                  pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or
                  otherwise conveyed any of the Receivables or the Other
                  Conveyed Property, other than such security interests as are
                  released at or before the conveyance thereof. The Seller has
                  not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing
                  statements filed against the Seller that include a description
                  of collateral covering any portion of the Receivables and the
                  Other Conveyed Property other than any financing statement
                  relating to the security interest granted to the Purchaser
                  hereunder or that has been terminated or released as to the
                  Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property. The Seller is not
                  aware of any judgment or tax lien filings against the Seller.

                           (xxxv) NO OTHER SECURITY INTERESTS - PURCHASER. Other
                  than (A) the security interest in the Collateral granted to
                  the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and Note
                  Purchasers pursuant to Granting Clause I of the Indenture, (B)
                  the security interest in the Pledged Subordinate Securities
                  granted to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B Note
                  Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders pursuant to Granting
                  Clause II of the Indenture, and (C) the security interest in

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

                  the Bear Cross Collateral granted to the UBS Indenture Trustee
                  for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B
                  noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents pursuant to Granting
                  Clause III of the Indenture, the Purchaser has not pledged,
                  assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise
                  conveyed any of the Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate
                  Securities or the Bear Cross Collateral. The Purchaser has not
                  authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing
                  statements filed against the Purchaser that include a
                  description of collateral covering any portion of the
                  Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities or the Bear
                  Cross Collateral other than any financing statement relating
                  to the security interests described in the preceding clauses
                  (A), (B) and (C), or a security interest that has been
                  terminated or released with respect to the Collateral, the
                  Pledged Subordinate Securities or the Bear Cross Collateral.
                  The Purchaser is not aware of any judgment or tax lien filings
                  against the Purchaser.

                           (xxxvi) NOTATIONS ON CONTRACTS; FINANCING STATEMENT
                  DISCLOSURE. The Servicer has in its possession copies of all
                  Contracts that constitute or evidence the Receivables. The
                  Contracts that constitute or evidence the Receivables do not
                  have any marks or notations indicating that they have been
                  pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other
                  than the Purchaser and/or the Trustee for the benefit of the
                  Noteholders and the Note Purchasers. All financing statements
                  filed or to be filed against the Seller in favor of the
                  Purchaser in connection herewith describing the Trust Estate
                  contain a statement to the following effect: "A purchase of or
                  security interest in any collateral described in this
                  financing statement will violate the rights of the secured
                  party."

                           (xxxvii) RECORDS. On or prior to each Funding Date,
                  the Seller will have caused its records (including electronic
                  ledgers) relating to each Related Receivable to be conveyed by
                  it on such Funding Date to be clearly and unambiguously marked
                  to reflect that such Related Receivable was conveyed by it to
                  the Purchaser and pledged by the Purchaser to the Trustee for
                  the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

                           (xxxviii) COMPUTER INFORMATION. The computer
                  diskette, computer tape or other electronic transmission made
                  available by the Seller to the Purchaser on each Funding Date
                  is, as of the related Cutoff Date, complete and accurate and
                  includes a description of the same Receivables described in
                  Schedule A to the related Assignment.

                           (xxxix) TFC, MFN, SEAWEST RECEIVABLES. None of the
                  Related Receivables was originated by TFC, MFN, SeaWest or any
                  of their respective Subsidiaries.

                           (xl) REMAINING PRINCIPAL BALANCE. As of the related
                  Cutoff Date, each Related Receivable has a remaining Principal
                  Balance of at least $3,000 and the Principal Balance of each
                  Receivable set forth in Schedule A to the related Assignment
                  is true and accurate in all respects.

                           (xli) NET ACQUISITION FEE. The average Net
                  Acquisition Fee is less than 3.0%.

                           (xlii) DELIVERY OF RECEIVABLE FILES. A complete
                  Receivable File (other than, if applicable, a certificate of
                  title missing from the related Receivable File as described in
                  SECTION 3.4(B)) with respect to each Receivable has been,
                  prior to the Funding Date, delivered to the Trustee at the
                  location listed in SCHEDULE B hereof.

                           (xliii) FULL AMOUNT ADVANCED. The full amount of each
                  Receivable has been advanced to each Obligor, and there are no
                  requirements for future advances thereunder.

                           (xliv) ILLINOIS RECEIVABLES. (a) The Seller does not
                  own a substantial interest in the business of a Dealer within
                  the meaning of Illinois Sales Finance Agency Act Rules and
                  Regulations, Section 160.230(1) and (b) with respect to each
                  Receivable originated in the State of Illinois, (i) the
                  printed or typed portion of the related Form of Receivable
                  complies with the requirements of 815 ILCS 375/3(b) and (ii)
                  the Seller has not, and for so long as such Receivable is
                  outstanding shall not, place or cause to be placed on the
                  related Financed Vehicle any collateral protection insurance
                  in violation of 815 ILCS 180/10.

                           (xlv) CALIFORNIA RECEIVABLES. Each Receivable
                  originated in the State of California has been, and at all
                  times during the term of the Sale and Servicing Agreement will
                  be, serviced by the Servicer in compliance with Cal. Civil
                  Code ss. 2981, et seq.

                                      -16-
<PAGE>

(xlvi)            CONSUMER LENDERS. Each Consumer Lender has obtained all
                  necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which
                  the origination and purchase of installment promissory notes
                  and security agreements and the sale thereof to the Seller (if
                  the Seller is not the Consumer Lender) requires or shall
                  require such licenses or approvals, except where the failure
                  to obtain such licenses or approvals would not result in a
                  Material Adverse Effect.

         SECTION 3.2. REPURCHASE UPON BREACH; SECTION 341 MEETING

                  (a) The Seller, the Servicer, any Noteholder, any Note
         Purchaser or the Trustee, as the case may be, shall inform the other
         parties to this Agreement promptly, in writing, upon the discovery of
         any breach of the Seller's representations and warranties made pursuant
         to SECTION 3.1 with respect to a Receivable (without regard to any
         limitations therein as to the Seller's knowledge). Unless the breach
         shall have been cured within thirty (30) days of the discovery thereof
         by the Trustee or receipt by the Trustee of notice from the Seller, the
         Servicer, any Noteholder or any Note Purchaser of such breach, the
         Seller shall repurchase such Receivable. In consideration of the
         purchase of any Receivable, the Seller shall remit the Purchase Amount,
         in the manner specified in SECTION 5.6. The sole remedies of the
         Purchaser, the Trustee, the Note Purchasers or the Noteholders with
         respect to any Receivables as to which a breach of representations and
         warranties pursuant to SECTION 3.1 has occurred shall be to enforce the
         Seller's obligation to purchase such Receivables and the indemnity
         provided by SECTION 8.3(e) . Upon receipt of the Purchase Amount in
         respect of any Defective Receivables and written instructions from the
         Servicer, the Trustee shall release to the Seller or its designee the
         related Receivable File and shall execute and deliver all reasonable
         instruments of transfer or assignment, without recourse, as are
         prepared by the Seller and delivered to the Trustee and necessary to
         vest in the Seller or such designee title to such Defective
         Receivables. The parties hereto hereby acknowledge that the Controlling
         Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
         Class shall each have the right to enforce directly against the Seller
         the Seller's repurchase and indemnity obligations pursuant to this
         SECTION 3.2.

                  (b) If (i) the Insolvency Event related to a Section 341
         Meeting has not been discharged by the bankruptcy court or other
         similar court presiding over such Insolvency Event within 90 days of
         the conveyance of the related Receivable by the Seller to the Purchaser
         pursuant to SECTION 2.1(a), or (ii) the Obligor on any Receivable that
         was the subject of a Section 341 Meeting shall not have made the first
         two payments due on such Receivable, in each case, the Seller shall
         repurchase such Receivable as of the last day of such next Accrual
         Period.

         SECTION 3.3. CUSTODY OF RECEIVABLE FILES AND PLEDGED SUBORDINATE
SECURITIES.

                  (a) In connection with each sale, transfer and assignment of
         Receivables and related Other Conveyed Property to the Purchaser
         pursuant to this Agreement and each Assignment, and each pledge thereof
         by the Purchaser to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and
         the Note Purchasers pursuant to the Indenture, the Trustee shall act as
         custodian of the following documents or instruments in its possession
         which shall be delivered to the Trustee on or before the Closing Date
         or the related Funding Date in accordance with SECTION 3.4 (with
         respect to each Receivable):

                           (i) The fully executed original of the Receivable
                  (together with any agreements modifying or assigning the
                  Receivable, including without limitation any extension
                  agreements); and

                           (ii) The original certificate of title in the name of
                  the Obligor with a notation on such certificate of title
                  evidencing Seller's security interest therein or such
                  documents that the Seller shall keep on file, in accordance
                  with its customary procedures, evidencing the security
                  interest of the Seller in the Financed Vehicle or, if not yet
                  received, a copy of the application therefor showing the
                  Seller as secured party, or a dealer guarantee of title.

                  (b) Upon payment in full of any Receivable, the Servicer will
         notify the Trustee pursuant to a certificate of a Servicing Officer in
         the form of EXHIBIT C and shall request delivery of the Receivable and
         Receivable File to the Servicer.

                                      -17-
<PAGE>

                  (c) If a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency would exist upon
         the release of Receivables under Article X of the Indenture in
         connection with a Securitization Transaction, the Issuer shall pledge
         the related Pledged Subordinate Securities to the Trustee, for the
         benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers
         pursuant to Granting Clause II of the Indenture, the Issuer shall
         deliver such Pledged Subordinate Securities to the Trustee on the
         related Securitization Closing Date and the Trustee shall act as
         custodian of such Pledged Subordinate Securities. Each Pledged
         Subordinate Security delivered to the Trustee pursuant to this
         subparagraph (c) shall be endorsed in blank by the record holder
         thereof with a medallion-guaranteed signature. By virtue of its
         delivery of any Pledged Subordinate Securities to the Trustee on a
         Securitization Closing Date pursuant to this Section 3.3(c), the Issuer
         shall be deemed to have confirmed, for the benefit of the Class B Note
         Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders, that, as of such Securitization
         Closing Date, the representations and warranties with respect to each
         such Pledged Subordinate Security set forth in the Basic Documents are
         true and correct in all material respects. In addition, the Issuer
         shall deliver or shall cause to be delivered to the Class B Note
         Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders all true sale opinions issued by
         counsel to CPS in connection with any Securitization Transaction for
         which Pledged Subordinate Securities are delivered to the Trustee
         pursuant to this Section 3.3(c) (which true sale opinions shall either
         be addressed to the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders
         or shall specifically authorize their reliance thereon). Upon delivery
         of any such Pledged Subordinate Securities to the Trustee in the manner
         provided herein and upon the Trustee's acknowledgment of receipt
         thereof, such Pledged Subordinate Securities shall become subject to
         the Lien created by Granting Clause II of the Indenture. The Trustee
         shall release any such Pledged Subordinate Securities upon the
         prepayment of the related Class B Invested Amount in accordance with
         Section 10.1 of the Indenture.

         SECTION 3.4. ACCEPTANCE OF RECEIVABLE FILES BY TRUSTEE; MISSING
CERTIFICATES OF TITLE

                  (a) In connection with any Funding Date, the Seller shall
         cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Receivable Files for the
         Related Receivables to be purchased on such Funding Date not less than
         four Business Days prior to the related Funding Date. The Trustee
         declares that it will hold and will continue to hold such files and any
         amendments, replacements or supplements thereto and all Other Conveyed
         Property as Trustee, custodian, agent and bailee in trust for the use
         and benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers. The Trustee
         shall within three Business Days after receipt of such files, execute
         and deliver to the Controlling Noteholder a receipt substantially in
         the form of EXHIBIT B hereto (a "TRUST RECEIPT") for the Receivable
         Files received by the Trustee and a copy thereof to the other Note
         Purchasers and the Noteholders. By its delivery of a Trust Receipt, the
         Trustee shall be deemed to have (a) acknowledged receipt of the files
         (or the Receivables) which the Seller has represented are and contain
         the Receivable Files for the Related Receivables to be purchased by the
         Purchaser on the related Funding Date as indicated on Schedule A to the
         Addition Notice, (b) reviewed such files or Receivables and (c)
         determined that it has received the items referred to in SECTION
         3.3(A)(I) and (II) for each Related Receivable identified on Schedule A
         to the Addition Notice, except, in each case, as may otherwise be noted
         in Schedule I to the Trust Receipt. Unless such defect noted on
         Schedule I of the related Trust Receipt with respect to such Receivable
         to be transferred on the related Funding Date shall have been cured by
         the Seller or waived by the Controlling Note Purchaser, in its sole and
         absolute discretion, and the Trustee shall have executed a Trust
         Receipt reflecting that such Receivable is no longer on Schedule I
         thereto prior to 11 a.m. New York time on the related Funding Date, the
         Purchaser shall not purchase such Receivable from the Seller on such
         Funding Date. The Trustee shall return to or otherwise handle the files
         at the direction of the Seller and any file unrelated to a Receivable
         identified in Schedule A to the related Addition Notice (it being
         understood that the Trustee's obligation to review the contents of any
         Receivable File shall be limited as set forth in the preceding
         sentence).

                  (b) The Trustee shall make a list of Receivables for which an
         application for a certificate of title but not an original certificate
         of title or, with respect to Receivables that finance a vehicle in the
         States listed in ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued by the
         applicable Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority in such
         States, is included in the Receivable File as of the date of its review
         of the Receivable Files and deliver a copy of such list to the
         Servicer, each Noteholder and each Note Purchaser. On the date which is
         180 days following the related Funding Date, and monthly thereafter,


                                      -18-
<PAGE>

         the Trustee shall inform the Seller, the Purchaser, each Noteholder and
         each Note Purchaser of any Receivable for which the related Receivable
         File on such date does not include an original certificate of title or,
         with respect to Financed Vehicles in the States listed in ANNEX B,
         other evidence of title issued by the applicable Department of Motor
         Vehicles or similar authority in such States, and the Seller shall
         repurchase any such Receivable as of the last Business Day of the
         Accrual Period in which the expiration of such 180 days occurs. In
         consideration of the purchase of the Receivable, the Seller shall remit
         the Purchase Amount for such Receivable, in the manner specified in
         SECTION 5.6. Upon receipt of the Purchase Amount for a Receivable and
         written instructions from the Servicer, the Trustee shall release to
         the Seller or its designee the related Receivable File and shall
         execute and deliver all reasonable instruments of transfer or
         assignment, without recourse, as are prepared by the Seller and
         delivered to the Trustee and are necessary to vest in the Seller or
         such designee title to the Receivable.

                  (c) For those Receivable Files that do not contain an original
         certificate of title or, with respect to Receivables that finance a
         vehicle in the States listed in ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued
         by the applicable Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority in
         such States, upon receipt of such original title documents, the Seller
         shall promptly deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee such
         original title documents to the Trustee to place in the applicable
         Receivable File.

         SECTION 3.5. ACCESS TO RECEIVABLE FILES AND PLEDGED SUBORDINATE
SECURITIES. The Trustee shall permit the Servicer, the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders access to the Receivable Files and the Pledged Subordinate
Securities at all reasonable times during the Trustee's normal business hours.
The Trustee shall, within two Business Days of the request of the Servicer, any
Note Purchaser or any Noteholder, execute such documents and instruments as are
prepared by the Servicer, such Note Purchaser or such Noteholder and delivered
to the Trustee, as the Servicer, such Note Purchaser or such Noteholder deems
necessary to permit the Servicer, in accordance with its customary servicing
procedures, to enforce the Receivable on behalf of the Purchaser and any related
insurance policies covering the Obligor, the Receivable or Financed Vehicle so
long as such execution in the Trustee's sole discretion does not conflict with
the Indenture or any other Basic Document and will not cause it undue risk or
liability. The Trustee shall not release any document from any Receivable File
unless it receives a release request signed by a Servicing Officer in the form
of EXHIBIT C hereto (the "RELEASE REQUEST"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, if a Servicer
Termination Event or Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing, the
Trustee shall not release any such Receivable File to the Servicer without the
prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser. Such Release Request
shall obligate the Servicer to return such document(s) to the Trustee when the
need therefor no longer exists unless the Receivable shall be liquidated, in
which case, the Servicer shall certify in the Release Request that all amounts
required to be deposited in the Collection Account with respect to such
Receivable have been so deposited. Each Release Request delivered to the Trustee
pursuant to this SECTION 3.5 shall be forwarded by the Servicer to the
Controlling Note Purchaser electronically or by facsimile within one (1)
Business Day of delivery to the Trustee together with a list of all Receivables
to be released by the Trustee pursuant to such Release Request.

         SECTION 3.6. TRUSTEE TO OBTAIN FIDELITY INSURANCE. The Trustee shall
maintain a fidelity bond in the form and amount as is customary for entities
acting as a trustee of funds and documents in respect of consumer contracts on
behalf of institutional investors.

         SECTION 3.7. TRUSTEE TO MAINTAIN SECURE FACILITIES. The Trustee shall
maintain or cause to be maintained continuous custody of the Receivable Files
and the Pledged Subordinate Securities in secure and fire resistant facilities
segregated from any other receivables or securities of the Seller, the Purchaser
or any of their Affiliates in accordance with customary standards for such
custody.

                                      -19-
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IV
                                   ----------

                   ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES
                   -------------------------------------------

         SECTION 4.1. DUTIES OF THE SERVICER. The Servicer, as agent for the
Purchaser, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, shall manage, service,
administer and make collections on the Receivables with reasonable care, using
that degree of skill and attention customary and usual for institutions that
service motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts or installment
promissory note and security agreements similar to the Receivables and, to the
extent more exacting, that the Servicer exercises with respect to all comparable
automotive receivables that it services for itself or others. In performing such
duties, the Servicer shall comply with its current servicing policies and
procedures, as such servicing policies and procedures may be amended from time
to time, so long as such amendments will not materially adversely affect the
interests of any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder, or otherwise with the prior
written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders
of the Highest Priority Class (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld), and notice of such amendments is given to each Note Purchaser and
each Noteholder affected thereby prior to the effectiveness thereof. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject to the servicing standards
set forth in this Agreement including, without limitation, the restrictions set
forth in SECTION 4.6, the Servicer is authorized and empowered by the Purchaser
to execute and deliver, on behalf of itself, the Purchaser, the Note Purchasers
and the Noteholders, any and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or
partial or full release or discharge, and all other comparable instruments, with
respect to such Receivables or to the Financed Vehicles securing such
Receivables and/or the certificates of title or, with respect to Financed
Vehicles in the States listed in ANNEX B, other evidence of title issued by the
applicable Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority in such States with
respect to such Financed Vehicles. If the Servicer shall commence a legal
proceeding to enforce a Receivable, the Purchaser shall thereupon be deemed to
have automatically assigned, solely for the purpose of collection, such
Receivable to the Servicer. If in any enforcement suit or legal proceeding it
shall be held that the Servicer may not enforce a Receivable on the ground that
it shall not be a real party in interest or a holder entitled to enforce such
Receivable, the Purchaser shall, at the Servicer's expense and direction, take
steps to enforce such Receivable, including bringing suit in its name or the
name of one or more Note Purchasers or Noteholders. The Servicer shall prepare
and furnish, and the Trustee shall execute, any powers of attorney and other
documents reasonably necessary or appropriate to enable the Servicer to carry
out its servicing and administrative duties hereunder.

         SECTION 4.2. COLLECTION OF RECEIVABLE PAYMENTS; MODIFICATIONS OF
RECEIVABLES; LOCKBOX AGREEMENTS.

                  (a) Consistent with the standards, policies and procedures
         required by this Agreement, the Servicer shall make reasonable efforts
         to collect all payments called for under the terms and provisions of
         the Receivables as and when the same shall become due and shall follow
         such collection procedures as it follows with respect to all comparable
         automotive receivables that it services for itself or others; PROVIDED,
         HOWEVER, that promptly after the Closing Date (or the related Funding
         Date, as applicable), but in no event more than 30 days thereafter, the
         Servicer shall notify each Obligor to make all payments with respect to
         the Receivables to the Post-Office Box. The Servicer will provide each
         Obligor with a monthly statement in order to notify such Obligors to
         make payments directly to the Post-Office Box. The Servicer shall
         allocate collections between principal and interest in accordance with
         the customary servicing procedures it follows with respect to all
         comparable automotive receivables that it services for itself or others
         and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Servicer, for
         so long as the Seller is the Servicer, may in accordance with the
         Servicer's Servicing Guidelines grant extensions on a Receivable;
         PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Servicer may not grant more than one (1)
         extension per calendar year with respect to a Receivable or grant an
         extension with respect to a Receivable for more than one (1) calendar
         month or grant more than four (4) extensions in the aggregate with
         respect to a Receivable without the prior written consent of the
         Controlling Note Purchaser. If the Servicer is not the Seller or the
         Backup Servicer, the Servicer may not make any extension on a
         Receivable without the prior written consent of the Controlling Note
         Purchaser (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld). The
         Servicer may in its discretion waive any prepayment charge, late
         payment charge or any other similar fees that may be collected in the
         ordinary course of servicing a Receivable. Notwithstanding anything to
         the contrary contained herein, the Servicer shall not agree to any
         alteration of the interest rate on any Receivable or of the amount of
         any Scheduled Receivable Payment on Receivables, other than to the
         extent that such alteration is required by applicable law.

                                      -20-
<PAGE>

                  (b) The Servicer shall establish the Lockbox Account in the
         name of the Purchaser for the benefit of the Trustee for the further
         benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers. Pursuant to the
         Lockbox Agreement, the Trustee has authorized the Servicer to direct
         dispositions of funds on deposit in the Lockbox Account to the
         Collection Account (but not to any other account), and no other Person,
         except the Lockbox Processor and the Trustee, has authority to direct
         disposition of funds on deposit in the Lockbox Account. However, the
         Lockbox Agreement shall provide that Lockbox Bank will comply with
         instructions originated by the Trustee relating to the disposition of
         the funds in the Lockbox Account without further consent by the Seller,
         the Servicer or the Purchaser. The Trustee shall have no liability or
         responsibility with respect to the Lockbox Processor's directions or
         activities as set forth in the preceding sentence. The Lockbox Account
         shall be established pursuant to and maintained in accordance with the
         Lockbox Agreement and shall be a demand deposit account initially
         established and maintained with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
         or at the request of the Controlling Note Purchaser an Eligible Account
         satisfying clause (i) of the definition thereof; PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
         that the Trustee shall give the Servicer prior written notice of any
         change made at the request of the Controlling Note Purchaser in the
         location of the Lockbox Account. The Servicer shall establish and
         maintain the Post-Office Box at a United States Post Office Branch in
         the name of the Purchaser for the benefit of the Trustee for the
         further benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

                  (c) Notwithstanding any Lockbox Agreement, or any of the
         provisions of this Agreement relating to the Lockbox Agreement, the
         Servicer shall remain obligated and liable to the Purchaser, the
         Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders for servicing and
         administering the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property in
         accordance with the provisions of this Agreement without diminution of
         such obligation or liability by virtue thereof.

                  (d) In the event the Seller shall for any reason no longer be
         acting as the Servicer hereunder, the Backup Servicer or another
         successor Servicer shall thereupon assume all of the rights and
         obligations of the outgoing Servicer under the Lockbox Agreement. In
         such event, the Backup Servicer or such other successor Servicer shall
         be deemed to have assumed all of the outgoing Servicer's interest
         therein and to have replaced the outgoing Servicer as a party to the
         Lockbox Agreement to the same extent as if such Lockbox Agreement had
         been assigned to the Backup Servicer or such other successor Servicer,
         except that the outgoing Servicer shall not thereby be relieved of any
         liability or obligations on the part of the outgoing Servicer to the
         Lockbox Bank under such Lockbox Agreement. The outgoing Servicer shall,
         upon request of the Controlling Note Purchaser or the Trustee, but at
         the expense of the outgoing Servicer, deliver to the Backup Servicer or
         such other successor Servicer all documents and records relating to the
         Lockbox Agreement and an accounting of amounts collected and held by
         the Lockbox Bank and otherwise use its best efforts to effect the
         orderly and efficient assignment of any Lockbox Agreement to the Backup
         Servicer or such other successor Servicer. In the event that the
         Controlling Note Purchaser shall elect to change the identity of the
         Lockbox Bank, the Servicer, at its expense, shall cause the Lockbox
         Bank to deliver, at the direction of the Controlling Note Purchaser, to
         the Trustee or a successor Lockbox Bank, all documents and records
         relating to the Receivables and all amounts held (or thereafter
         received) by the Lockbox Bank (together with an accounting of such
         amounts) and shall otherwise use its best efforts to effect the orderly
         and efficient transfer of the Lockbox arrangements.

                  (e) On each Business Day, pursuant to the Lockbox Agreement,
         the Lockbox Processor will transfer any payments from Obligors received
         in the Post-Office Box to the Lockbox Account. Within two (2) Business
         Days of receipt of funds into the Lockbox Account, the Servicer shall
         cause the Lockbox Bank to transfer cleared funds from the Lockbox
         Account to the Collection Account. In addition, the Servicer shall
         remit all payments by or on behalf of the Obligors received by the
         Servicer with respect to the Receivables (other than Purchased
         Receivables) and all Net Liquidation Proceeds no later than two (2)
         Business Days following receipt directly (without deposit into any
         intervening account) into the Lockbox Account or the Collection
         Account. The Servicer shall not commingle its assets and funds with
         those on deposit in the Lockbox Account.

                                      -21-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 4.3. REALIZATION UPON RECEIVABLES. On behalf of the Purchaser,
the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, the Servicer shall use its
best efforts, consistent with the servicing procedures set forth herein, to
repossess or otherwise convert the ownership of the Financed Vehicle securing
any Receivable as to which the Servicer shall have determined eventual payment
in full is unlikely. The Servicer shall commence efforts to repossess or
otherwise convert the ownership of a Financed Vehicle on or prior to the date
that an Obligor has failed to make more than 90% of a Scheduled Receivable
Payment thereon in excess of $10 for 120 days or more; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
the Servicer may elect not to commence such efforts within such time period if
in its good faith judgment it determines either that it would be impracticable
to do so or that the proceeds ultimately recoverable with respect to such
Receivable would be increased by forbearance. The Servicer shall follow such
customary and usual practices and procedures as it shall deem necessary or
advisable in its servicing of automotive receivables, consistent with the
standards of care set forth in Section 4.2, which may include reasonable efforts
to realize upon any recourse to Dealers or Consumer Lenders (if such Consumer
Lender is not the Seller) and selling the Financed Vehicle at public or private
sale. The foregoing shall be subject to the provision that, in any case in which
the Financed Vehicle shall have suffered damage, the Servicer shall not expend
funds in connection with the repair or the repossession of such Financed Vehicle
unless it shall determine in its discretion exercised in good faith that such
repair and/or repossession will increase the proceeds ultimately recoverable
with respect to such Receivable by an amount greater than the amount of such
expenses.

         SECTION 4.4. INSURANCE.

                  (a) The Servicer, in accordance with the servicing procedures
         and standards set forth herein, shall require that (i) each Obligor
         shall have obtained insurance covering the Financed Vehicle, as of the
         date of the execution of the Receivable, insuring against loss and
         damage due to fire, theft, transportation, collision and other risks
         generally covered by comprehensive and collision coverage and each
         Receivable requires the Obligor to maintain such physical loss and
         damage insurance naming the Seller and its successors and assigns as an
         additional insured, (ii) each Receivable that finances the cost of
         premiums for credit life and credit accident and health insurance is
         covered by an insurance policy or certificate naming the Seller as
         policyholder (creditor) and (iii) as to each Receivable that finances
         the cost of an extended service contract, the respective Financed
         Vehicle which secures the Receivable is covered by an extended service
         contract (each, a "RECEIVABLES INSURANCE POLICY").

                  (b) To the extent applicable, the Servicer shall not take any
         action which would result in noncoverage under any Receivables
         Insurance Policy which, but for the actions of the Servicer, would have
         been covered thereunder. The Servicer, on behalf of the Purchaser, the
         Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, shall take such reasonable action
         as shall be necessary to permit recovery under each Receivables
         Insurance Policy. Any amounts collected by the Servicer under any
         Receivables Insurance Policy, including, without limitation, proceeds
         thereof, shall be deposited in the Collection Account within one (1)
         Business Day of receipt.

         SECTION 4.5. MAINTENANCE OF SECURITY INTERESTS IN VEHICLES.

                  (a) Consistent with the policies and procedures required by
         this Agreement, the Servicer shall take such steps on behalf of the
         Purchaser, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders as are necessary to
         maintain perfection of the security interest created by each Receivable
         in the related Financed Vehicle, including but not limited to obtaining
         the authorization or execution by the Obligors and the recording,
         registering, filing, re-recording, re-registering and re-filing of all
         security agreements, financing statements and continuation statements
         or instruments as are necessary to maintain the security interest
         granted by the Obligors under the respective Receivables. The Trustee
         hereby authorizes the Servicer, and the Servicer agrees, to take any
         and all steps necessary to re-perfect or continue the perfection of
         such security interest on behalf of the Purchaser and Trustee for the
         benefit of the Noteholders and Note Purchasers as necessary because of
         the relocation of a Financed Vehicle or for any other reason. In the
         event that the assignment of a Receivable to the Purchaser, and the
         pledge thereof by the Purchaser to the Trustee for the benefit of the
         Noteholders and Note Purchasers is insufficient, without a notation on
         the related Financed Vehicle's certificate of title, or without
         fulfilling any additional administrative requirements under the laws of

                                      -22-
<PAGE>

         the state in which the Financed Vehicle is located, to perfect a
         security interest in the related Financed Vehicle in favor of the
         Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers,
         each of the Trustee and the Seller hereby agrees that the Seller's
         designation as the secured party on the certificate of title is in
         respect of the Seller's capacity as Servicer as agent of the Trustee
         for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

                  (b) Upon the occurrence and continuance of a Servicer
         Termination Event, the Trustee and the Servicer shall take or cause to
         be taken such action as may, in the opinion of counsel to the Trustee,
         which opinion shall be an expense of the Servicer and shall not be an
         expense of the Trustee, be necessary to perfect or re-perfect the
         security interests in the Financed Vehicles securing the Receivables in
         the name of the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note
         Purchasers by amending the title documents of such Financed Vehicles or
         by such other reasonable means as may, in the opinion of counsel to the
         Trustee, which opinion shall be an expense of the Servicer and shall
         not be an expense of the Trustee, be necessary or prudent.

                  (c) The Seller hereby agrees to pay all expenses related to
         such perfection or re-perfection in accordance with clauses (a) and (b)
         above and to take all action necessary therefor. In addition, the
         Controlling Note Purchaser or the Trustee may instruct the Servicer to
         take or cause to be taken, and the Servicer shall take or cause to be
         taken, such action as may, in the judgment of the Trustee or the Note
         Purchaser, be necessary to perfect or re-perfect the security interest
         in the Financed Vehicles underlying the Receivables in the name of the
         Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, including
         by amending the title documents of such Financed Vehicles or by such
         other reasonable means as may, in the judgment of the Trustee or the
         Controlling Note Purchaser, be necessary or prudent; PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
         that if the Controlling Note Purchaser or the Trustee requests that the
         title documents be amended prior to the occurrence of a Servicer
         Termination Event, the Servicer shall carry out such action only to the
         extent that the out-of-pocket expenses of the Servicer shall be
         reimbursed by the Note Purchasers or the Noteholders, respectively, on
         a PRO RATA basis (based upon the applicable outstanding Invested
         Amounts).

         SECTION 4.6. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF SERVICER.

                  (a) The Servicer shall not release the Financed Vehicle
         securing any Receivable from the security interest granted by such
         Receivable in whole or in part except in the event of payment in full
         by the Obligor thereunder or repossession or other liquidation of the
         Financed Vehicle, nor shall the Servicer impair the rights of any
         Noteholder, any Note Purchaser or the Trustee in such Receivables, nor
         shall the Servicer amend or otherwise modify a Receivable, except as
         permitted in accordance with SECTION 4.2.

                  (b) The Servicer shall obtain and/or maintain all necessary
         licenses, approvals, authorizations, orders or other actions of any
         person, corporation or other organization, or of any court,
         governmental agency or body or official, required in connection with
         the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other
         Basic Documents.

                  (c) The Servicer shall not make any material changes to its
         collection policies unless the Controlling Note Purchaser expressly
         consents in writing prior to such changes (which consent shall not be
         unreasonably withheld).

                  (d) The Servicer shall provide written notice to the
         Noteholders and the Note Purchasers of any default, event of default,
         trigger event or servicer termination event under any other warehouse
         financing facility or securitization that has occurred and which
         default, event of default, trigger event or servicer termination shall
         not have been waived or otherwise cured within the applicable cure
         period.

                  (e) The Servicer shall reimburse each Note Purchaser and each
         Noteholder for any and all fees or expenses that such Note Purchaser or
         such Noteholder, as applicable, pay to a bank arising out of a return
         of payments from the Purchaser or the Seller deposited for collection
         by or for the benefit of such Note Purchaser or such Noteholder, as
         applicable.

                                      -23-
<PAGE>

                  (f) The Servicer will not (i) create, incur or suffer to
         exist, or agree to create, incur or suffer to exist, or consent to
         cause or permit in the future (upon the happening of a contingency or
         otherwise) the creation, incurrence or existence of any lien, security
         interest, charge, pledge, equity, encumbrance or restriction on
         transferability of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property
         except (x) for the lien in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the
         Noteholders and the Note Purchasers and the restrictions on
         transferability imposed by this Agreement or any other Basic Document
         or (y) with respect to any portion of the Receivables and the Other
         Conveyed Property released in a manner permitted by the Basic Documents
         from the lien in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the
         Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, or (ii) sign or file under the UCC
         of any jurisdiction any financing statement which names the Seller, the
         Servicer or the Purchaser as a debtor, or sign any security agreement
         authorizing any secured party thereunder to file such financing
         statement, with respect to the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property,
         except in each case any such instrument solely securing the rights and
         preserving the lien of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders
         and the Note Purchasers.

         SECTION 4.7. PURCHASE OF RECEIVABLES UPON BREACH OF COVENANT. Upon
discovery by any of the Servicer, the Purchaser, the Trustee, any Note Purchaser
or any Noteholder of a breach of any of the covenants of the Servicer set forth
in SECTION 4.2(A), 4.4, 4.5 or 4.6, the party discovering such breach shall give
prompt written notice to the others; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the failure to give
any such notice shall not affect any obligation of the Servicer under this
SECTION 4.7. Unless the breach shall have been cured by the last day of the next
Accrual Period following such discovery, the Servicer shall purchase any
Receivable materially and adversely affected by such breach. In consideration of
the purchase of such Receivable, the Servicer shall remit the Purchase Amount
for such Receivable in the manner specified in SECTION 5.6. The sole remedy of
the Trustee, the Purchaser, the Note Purchasers or the Noteholders hereunder
with respect to a breach of SECTION 4.2(a), 4.4, 4.5 or 4.6 shall be to require
the Servicer to repurchase Receivables pursuant to this SECTION 4.7; PROVIDED,
however, that the Servicer shall indemnify the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the
Purchaser, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders against all costs, expenses,
losses, damages, claims and liabilities, including reasonable fees and expenses
of counsel, which may be asserted against or incurred by any of them as a result
of third party claims arising out of the events or facts giving rise to such
breach.

         SECTION 4.8. SERVICING FEE. The "SERVICING FEE" for each Settlement
Date shall be equal (a) to the sum of the following amount calculated for each
day in the related Accrual Period: the product of (i) the Servicing Fee
Percentage and (ii) the aggregate Principal Balance of the Eligible Receivables
minus the Excess Concentration Amount, if any, on such day and (iii) 1/360. The
Servicing Fee shall also include all late fees, prepayment charges and other
administrative fees or similar charges allowed by applicable law with respect to
Receivables, collected (from whatever source) on the Receivables. If the Backup
Servicer becomes the successor Servicer, the "Servicing Fee" payable to the
Backup Servicer as successor Servicer shall be determined in accordance with the
Servicing Assumption Agreement.

         SECTION 4.9. SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE. No later than 12:00 noon New York
City time on each Determination Date, the Servicer shall deliver (in
computer-readable format reasonably acceptable to each such Person) to the
Trustee, each Note Purchaser, the Backup Servicer and the Purchaser, a
certificate substantially in the form of EXHIBIT A hereto (a "SERVICER'S
CERTIFICATE") containing among other things, (i) all information necessary to
enable the Trustee to make the distributions required by SECTION 5.7, (ii) all
information necessary for the Trustee to send statements to the Noteholders and
the Note Purchasers pursuant to SECTION 5.8(b) and 5.9, (iii) a listing of all
Purchased Receivables purchased as of the related Accounting Date, identifying
the Receivables so purchased, (iv) the calculation of the Class A Borrowing Base
and the Class B Borrowing Base, in each case as of the last day of the related
Accrual Period and (v) all information necessary to enable the Backup Servicer
to verify the information specified in SECTION 4.14(b) and to complete the
accounting required by SECTION 5.9. In addition to the information set forth in


                                      -24-
<PAGE>

the preceding sentence, each Servicer's Certificate shall also contain the
following information: (a) whether a Servicer Termination Event or any other
Funding Termination Event has occurred; (b) the Servicer Delinquency Ratio as of
the end of the Related Accrual Period; (c) the Servicer Loss Ratio as of such
Determination Date; (d) so long as the Servicer is CPS, a certification that the
Servicer is in compliance with the financial covenants contained in Sections
10.1(i), (j) and (k) of this Agreement; and (e) such other information
reasonably requested by any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder. The Servicer shall
deliver to the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Note Purchasers, the Backup
Servicer and the Purchaser a hard copy (which may be a facsimile) of any such
Servicer's Certificate upon request of such Person.

         SECTION 4.10. ANNUAL STATEMENT AS TO COMPLIANCE, NOTICE OF SERVICER
TERMINATION EVENT.

                  (a) The Servicer shall deliver to the Purchaser, to the
         Trustee, the Note Purchasers and to the Noteholders and the Backup
         Servicer, on or before March 31 of each year beginning March 31, 2007
         (in the case of the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders)
         or March 31, 2008 (in the case of each Class B Note Purchaser and the
         Class B Noteholders), an Officer's Certificate, dated as of December 31
         of the preceding year, stating that (i) a review of the activities of
         the Servicer during the preceding 12-month period (or in the case of
         the first such certificate for the Class B Note Purchasers and the
         Class B Noteholders, the period from the initial Cutoff Date for the
         first Class B Funding Date to December 31, 2007) and of its performance
         under this Agreement has been made under such officer's supervision and
         (ii) to the best of such officer's knowledge, based on such review, the
         Servicer has fulfilled all its obligations under this Agreement
         throughout such year (or, in the case of the first such certificate,
         such shorter period), or, if there has been a default in the
         fulfillment of any such obligation, specifying each such default known
         to such officer and the nature and status thereof.

                  (b) The Servicer shall deliver to the Trustee, the
         Noteholders, the Note Purchasers and the Backup Servicer, promptly
         after having obtained knowledge thereof, but in no event later than two
         (2) Business Days thereafter, written notice in an Officer's
         Certificate of any event which with the giving of notice or lapse of
         time, or both, would become a Servicer Termination Event under SECTION
         10.1.

         SECTION 4.11. INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS' REPORTS. The Servicer shall
cause a firm of nationally recognized independent certified public accountants
(the "INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS"), who may also render other services to the
Servicer or to the Purchaser, to deliver to the Trustee, the Backup Servicer,
the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, on or before April 30 of each year
beginning April 30, 2007, a report dated as of December 31 of the preceding year
in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Note Purchasers (the
"ACCOUNTANTS' REPORT") and reviewing the Servicer's activities during the
preceding 12-month period, addressed to the Board of Directors of the Servicer,
to the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders, to
the effect that such firm has examined the financial statements of the Servicer
and issued its report therefor and that such examination (1) was made in
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, and accordingly included
such tests of the accounting records and such other auditing procedures as such
firm considered necessary in the circumstances; (2) included tests relating to
auto loans serviced for others in accordance with the requirements of the
Uniform Single Attestation Program for Mortgage Bankers (the "PROGRAM"), to the
extent the procedure in the Program are applicable to the servicing obligations
set forth in this Agreement; (3) included an examination of the delinquency and
loss statistics relating to the Servicer's portfolio of automobile and light
truck installment sale contracts and promissory notes and security agreements;
and (4) except as described in the report, disclosed no exceptions or errors in
the records relating to automobile and light truck loans serviced for others
that, in the firm's opinion, paragraph four of the Program requires such firm to
report. The accountant's report shall further state that (1) a review in
accordance with agreed upon procedures was made of two randomly selected
Servicer's Certificates; (2) except as disclosed in the report, no exceptions or
errors in the Servicer's Certificates were found; and (3) the delinquency and
loss information relating to the Receivables and the stated amount of Liquidated
Receivables, if any, contained in the Servicer's Certificates were found to be
accurate. In the event such firm requires the Trustee and/or the Backup Servicer
to agree to the procedures performed by such firm, the Servicer shall direct the
Trustee and/or the Backup Servicer, as applicable, in writing to so agree; it
being understood and agreed that the Trustee and/or the Backup Servicer will
deliver such letter of agreement in conclusive reliance upon the direction of
the Servicer, and neither the Trustee nor the Backup Servicer makes any
independent inquiry or investigation as to, and shall have no obligation or
liability in respect of, the sufficiency, validity or correctness of such
procedures. The Report will also indicate that the firm is independent of the
Servicer within the meaning of the Code of Professional Ethics of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

                                      -25-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 4.12. INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS' REVIEW OF RECEIVABLE FILES.
Commencing on December 31, 2006 and, thereafter on each March 31, June 30,
September 30 and December 31, to the extent that the Class A Invested Amount on
any day in the calendar quarter then ending was greater than $10 million (or
such other dates as the Controlling Note Purchaser may determine in its
reasonable discretion from time to time by prior written notice to the Seller,
the Servicer and the Trustee), the Seller at its own expense shall cause
Independent Accountants reasonably acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser
to conduct a post-funding review of the Seller's compliance with its stated
underwriting policies and verify certain characteristics of the Receivables as
of each Funding Date. The Independent Accountants shall within ten Business Days
complete such physical inspection and limited review and execute and deliver to
Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder a
report summarizing the findings. If such review reveals, in the Controlling Note
Purchaser's reasonable opinion, an unsatisfactory number of exceptions, the
Controlling Note Purchaser, in its reasonable discretion, may require a full
review of a larger sample of the Receivables by the Independent Accountants at
the expense of the Seller.

         SECTION 4.13. ACCESS TO CERTAIN DOCUMENTATION AND INFORMATION REGARDING
RECEIVABLES. The Servicer shall provide to representatives of the Trustee, the
Backup Servicer, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder reasonable access to
the documentation regarding the Receivables. In each case, such access shall be
afforded without charge but only upon reasonable request and during normal
business hours. Nothing in this Section shall derogate from the obligation of
the Servicer to observe any applicable law prohibiting disclosure of information
regarding the Obligors, and the failure of the Servicer to provide access as
provided in this Section as a result of such obligation shall not constitute a
breach of this Section.

         SECTION 4.14. VERIFICATION OF SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE.

                  (a) Concurrently with the delivery by the Servicer of the
         Servicer's Certificate each month, the Servicer will deliver to the
         Trustee and the Backup Servicer and each Note Purchaser a computer
         diskette (or other electronic transmission) in a format acceptable to
         the Trustee and the Backup Servicer containing information with respect
         to the Receivables as of the close of business on the last day of the
         preceding Accrual Period which information is necessary for preparation
         of the Servicer's Certificate. The Backup Servicer shall use such
         computer diskette (or other electronic transmission) to verify certain
         information specified in SECTION 4.14(b) contained in the Servicer's
         Certificate delivered by the Servicer, and the Backup Servicer shall
         notify the Servicer, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders of any
         discrepancies on or before the second Business Day following the
         Determination Date. In the event that the Backup Servicer reports any
         discrepancies, the Servicer and the Backup Servicer shall attempt to
         reconcile such discrepancies by the related Settlement Date, but in the
         absence of a reconciliation, the Servicer's Certificate shall control
         for the purpose of calculations and distributions pursuant to clauses
         (i) through (xi) of Section 5.7(a) hereof and clauses (i) through (iii)
         of Section 5.7(b) hereof, in each case with respect to the related
         Settlement Date. No payments shall be made to the Deposit Account
         pursuant to, clause (xii) of Section 5.7(a) hereof or clause (iv) of
         Section 5.7(b) hereof, in each case until any discrepancies shall have
         been reconciled. In the event that the Backup Servicer and the Servicer
         are unable to reconcile discrepancies with respect to a Servicer's
         Certificate by the related Settlement Date, the Backup Servicer shall
         notify the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders of such discrepancy in
         writing and the Servicer shall cause a firm of nationally recognized,
         independent certified public accountants, at the Servicer's expense, to
         audit the Servicer's Certificate and, prior to the fifth day of the
         following calendar month, reconcile the discrepancies. The effect, if
         any, of such reconciliation shall be reflected in the Servicer's
         Certificate for such next succeeding Determination Date. Other than the
         duties specifically set forth in this Agreement, the Backup Servicer
         shall have no obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, to
         supervise, verify, monitor or administer the performance of the
         Servicer. The Backup Servicer shall have no liability for any actions
         taken or omitted by the Servicer. The duties and obligations of the
         Backup Servicer shall be determined solely by the express provisions of
         this Agreement and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read
         into this Agreement against the Backup Servicer.

                                      -26-
<PAGE>

                  (b) The Backup Servicer shall review each Servicer's
         Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 4.14(a) and shall:

                           (i) confirm that such Servicer's Certificate is
                  complete on its face;

                           (ii) load the computer diskette (which shall be in a
                  format acceptable to the Backup Servicer) received from the
                  Servicer pursuant to SECTION 4.14(A) hereof, confirm that such
                  computer diskette is in a readable form and calculate and
                  confirm the aggregate of the Principal Balances of the
                  Receivables for the most recent Settlement Date; and

                           (iii) confirm that the Available Funds, the Class B
                  Available Funds, the Class A Noteholder's Principal
                  Distributable Amount, the Class A Noteholder's Interest
                  Distributable Amount, the Class B Noteholder's Principal
                  Distributable Amount, the Class B Noteholder's Interest
                  Distributable Amount, the Servicing Fee, the Backup Servicing
                  Fee, the Trustee Fee, the Servicer Delinquency Ratio and the
                  Servicer Loss Ratio in the Servicer's Certificate are accurate
                  based solely on the recalculation of the Servicer's
                  Certificate.

                  (c) Within 30 days of the effective date of any renewal of the
         Term of the Class A Commitment pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Class A
         Note Purchase Agreement, the Backup Servicer will cause an affiliate of
         the Backup Servicer to data map to its servicing system all
         servicing/loan file information, including all relevant borrower
         contact information such as address and phone numbers as well as loan
         balance and payment information, including comment histories and
         collection notes. On or before the fifth calendar day of each month,
         the Servicer will provide to an affiliate of the Backup Servicer and to
         each Note Purchaser an electronic transmission of all servicing/loan
         information, including all relevant borrower contact information such
         as address and phone numbers as well as loan balance and payment
         information, including comment histories and collection notes, and the
         Backup Servicer will cause such affiliate to review each file to ensure
         that it is in readable form and verify that the data balances conform
         to the trial balance reports received from the Servicer. Additionally,
         the Backup Servicer shall cause such affiliate to store each such file.

         SECTION 4.15. RETENTION AND TERMINATION OF SERVICER. The Servicer
hereby covenants and agrees to act as such under this Agreement for monthly
terms commencing on the Class A Closing Date, with the most recent of such terms
commencing as of the date hereof and ending on January 31, 2007, which term may
be extended by the Controlling Note Purchaser for successive monthly terms
pursuant to written instructions delivered by the Controlling Note Purchaser to
the Servicer and the Trustee (or, at the discretion of the Controlling Note
Purchaser exercised pursuant to revocable written standing instructions from
time to time to the Servicer and the Trustee, for any specified number of terms
greater than one), until such time as the Notes, all other Secured Obligations
and any and all other amounts due and payable to the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents have been paid in full (each such
notice, including each notice pursuant to standing instructions, which shall be
deemed delivered at the end of successive terms for so long as such instructions
are in effect, a "SERVICER EXTENSION NOTICE"). The Servicer hereby agrees that,
upon its receipt of any such Servicer Extension Notice or other extension of its
term as Servicer, the Servicer shall become bound, for the duration of the term
covered by such Servicer Extension Notice or for the monthly term, as
applicable, to continue as the Servicer subject to and in accordance with the
other provisions of this Agreement. The Trustee agrees that if as of the
Business Day succeeding the Settlement Date occurring during any term of the
Servicer, the Trustee shall not have received any Servicer Extension Notice as
of such date, the Trustee shall, within five days thereafter, give written
notice of such non-receipt to each Note Purchaser and the Servicer and the
Servicer's term shall not be extended unless a Servicer Extension Notice is
received on or before the last day of such term. The Controlling Note Purchaser
shall have no liability to the other Note Purchasers or the Noteholders arising
out of or relating to any renewal or non-renewal of the term of the Servicer
pursuant to this Section 4.15.

         SECTION 4.16. ERRORS AND OMISSIONS POLICY AND FIDELITY BOND. The
Servicer shall maintain an errors and omissions insurance policy and a fidelity
bond in such form and amount as is customary for comparable servicers engaged in
the business of servicing motor vehicle receivables.

                                      -27-
<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE V
                                    ---------

              ACCOUNTS; DISTRIBUTIONS; STATEMENTS TO THE NOTEHOLDER
              -----------------------------------------------------

         SECTION 5.1. ESTABLISHMENT OF PLEDGED ACCOUNTS.

                  (a) The Trustee, on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note
         Purchasers, shall establish and maintain in its own name an Eligible
         Account (the "COLLECTION ACCOUNT"), bearing a designation clearly
         indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of
         the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers. The
         Collection Account shall initially be established with the Trustee.

                  (b) The Trustee, on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note
         Purchasers, shall establish and maintain in its own name an Eligible
         Account (the "NOTE DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT"), bearing a designation
         clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the
         benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note
         Purchasers. The Note Distribution Account shall initially be
         established with the Trustee.

                  (c) Funds on deposit in the Collection Account and the Note
         Distribution Account (collectively, the "PLEDGED ACCOUNTS") shall be
         invested by the Trustee (or any custodian with respect to funds on
         deposit in any such account) in Eligible Investments selected in
         writing by the Servicer or, after the resignation or termination of CPS
         as Servicer, by the Controlling Note Purchaser (pursuant to standing
         instructions or otherwise) or, with respect to Eligible Investments
         related solely to the Class B Available Funds, the Class B Note
         Purchasers. All such Eligible Investments shall be held by or on behalf
         of the Trustee for the benefit of the applicable Noteholders and the
         applicable Note Purchasers. Other than as permitted by the Controlling
         Note Purchaser, funds on deposit in any Pledged Account shall be
         invested in Eligible Investments that will mature so that such funds
         will be available at the close of business on the Business Day
         immediately preceding the following Settlement Date. Funds deposited in
         a Pledged Account on the day immediately preceding a Settlement Date
         upon the maturity of any Eligible Investments are not required to be
         invested overnight. All Eligible Investments will be held to maturity.
         Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, none of the Class A
         Note Purchaser or the Class A Noteholders shall have any right, title
         or interest in, or any right to direct the Trustee with respect to, any
         Class B Available Funds (or Eligible Investments or Investment Earnings
         related thereto) on deposit from time to time in the Pledged Accounts.

                  (d) All investment earnings of moneys deposited in the Pledged
         Accounts shall be deposited (or caused to be deposited) by the Trustee
         in the Collection Account for distribution pursuant to SECTION 5.7(a)
         and, with respect to Investment Earnings related solely to the Class B
         Available Funds, SECTION 5.7(b), as applicable, and any loss resulting
         from such investments shall be charged to such account. The Servicer
         will not direct the Trustee to make any investment of any funds held in
         any of the Pledged Accounts unless the security interest granted and
         perfected in such account will continue to be perfected in such
         investment, in either case without any further action by any Person,
         and, in connection with any direction to the Trustee to make any such
         investment, if requested by the Trustee, the Servicer shall deliver to
         the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel, acceptable to the Trustee, to such
         effect.

                  (e) The Trustee shall not in any way be held liable by reason
         of any insufficiency in any of the Pledged Accounts resulting from any
         loss on any Eligible Investment included therein except for losses
         attributable to the Trustee's negligence or bad faith or its failure to
         make payments on such Eligible Investments issued by the Trustee, in
         its commercial capacity as principal obligor and not as trustee, in
         accordance with their terms.

                  (f) If (i) the Servicer or the Controlling Note Purchaser or,
         solely with respect to the Class B Available Funds, the Class B Note
         Purchasers, as applicable, shall have failed to give investment
         directions for any funds on deposit in the Pledged Accounts to the
         Trustee by 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time (or such other time as may be agreed
         by the Purchaser and Trustee) on any Business Day; or (ii) an Event of


                                      -28-
<PAGE>

         Default shall have occurred and be continuing under the Indenture but
         the Notes shall not have been declared due and payable, or, if the
         Notes shall have been declared due and payable following an Event of
         Default, amounts collected or receivable from the Receivables and the
         Other Conveyed Property are being applied as if there had not been such
         a declaration; then the Trustee shall, to the fullest extent
         practicable, invest and reinvest funds in the Pledged Accounts in an
         Eligible Investment described in PARAGRAPH (A) OR (F) of the definition
         thereof.

                  (g) The Trustee shall possess all right, title and interest in
         all funds on deposit from time to time in the Pledged Accounts and in
         all proceeds thereof (including all Investment Earnings on the Pledged
         Accounts) and all such funds, investments, proceeds and income shall be
         part of Other Conveyed Property and the Collateral, except that any
         such funds, investments, proceeds and income that relate to the Class B
         Available Funds shall be solely part of the Additional Class B
         Collateral. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Pledged Accounts
         shall be under the sole dominion and control of the Trustee for the
         benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers; provided, however,
         that none of the Class A Note Purchaser or the Class A Noteholders
         shall have any right, title or interest in any Class B Available Funds
         (or Eligible Investments or Investment Earnings related thereto) on
         deposit from time to time in the Pledged Accounts. If at any time any
         of the Pledged Accounts ceases to be an Eligible Account, the Trustee
         with the consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser shall within five
         Business Days establish a new Pledged Account as an Eligible Account
         and shall transfer any cash and/or any investments from the Pledged
         Account that is no longer an Eligible Account to such new Pledged
         Account. The Trustee shall promptly notify the Servicer, each Note
         Purchaser and each Noteholder of any change in the location of any of
         the aforementioned accounts. In connection with the foregoing, the
         Trustee agrees that, in the event that any of the Pledged Accounts are
         not accounts with the Trustee, the Trustee shall notify the Servicer,
         each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder in writing promptly upon any of
         such Pledged Accounts ceasing to be an Eligible Account.

                  (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any
         other document relating to a Trust Account, the "securities
         intermediary's jurisdiction" (within the meaning of Section 8-110 of
         the UCC) or the "bank's jurisdiction" (with the meaning of 9-304 of the
         UCC) as applicable, with respect to each Pledged Account shall be the
         State of New York.

                  (i) With respect to the Pledged Account Property, the Trustee
         agrees that:

                           (i) any Pledged Account Property that is held in
                  deposit accounts shall be held solely in an Eligible Account;
                  and, except as otherwise provided herein, each such Eligible
                  Account shall be subject to the exclusive custody and control
                  of the Trustee and the Trustee shall have sole signature
                  authority with respect thereto;

                           (ii) any Pledged Account Property shall be delivered
                  to the Trustee in accordance with the definition of
                  "DELIVERY";

                           (iii) except as provided in clause (iv) below, the
                  Servicer shall have the power, revocable by the Controlling
                  Note Purchaser, to instruct the Trustee to make withdrawals
                  and payments from the Pledged Accounts for the purpose of
                  permitting the Servicer and the Trustee to carry out their
                  respective duties hereunder; and

                           (iv) the Servicer shall have the power, revocable by
                  the Class B Note Purchasers, to instruct the Trustee to make
                  withdrawals and payments of Class B Available Funds from the
                  Pledged Accounts for the purpose of permitting the Servicer
                  and the Trustee to carry out their respective duties
                  hereunder.

         SECTION 5.2. ESTABLISHMENT OF DEPOSIT ACCOUNT

         The Trustee shall establish and maintain the Deposit Account in the
name of CPS. The Deposit Account shall be established with the Trustee as the
Deposit Account Bank (as defined in the Account Control Agreement) and governed
and maintained in accordance with the provisions of the Account Control


                                      -29-
<PAGE>

Agreement. All distributions made by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or
the Servicer to CPS in respect of CPS's equity interest in the Issuer shall be
deposited directly into the Deposit Account. Amounts on deposit in the Deposit
Account shall be invested by the Trustee (or any custodian with respect to funds
on deposit in any such account) in Eligible Investments selected in writing by
CPS (pursuant to standing instructions or otherwise). All investment earnings of
moneys deposited in the Deposit Account shall be held in the Deposit Account
until withdrawn by CPS (unless otherwise prohibited pursuant to Section 2 of the
Account Control Agreement), and any loss resulting from such investments shall
be charged to the Deposit Account

         SECTION 5.3. CERTAIN REIMBURSEMENTS TO THE SERVICER. The Servicer will
be entitled to be reimbursed from amounts on deposit in the Collection Account
with respect to an Accrual Period for amounts previously deposited in the
Collection Account but later determined by the Servicer to have resulted from
mistaken deposits or postings or checks returned for insufficient funds. The
amount to be reimbursed hereunder shall be paid to the Servicer on the related
Settlement Date pursuant to SECTION 5.7(A)(II) upon certification by the
Servicer of such amounts prior to such Settlement Date and the provision of such
information to the Trustee and the Note Purchasers prior to such Settlement Date
as may be necessary in the opinion of the Controlling Note Purchaser to verify
the accuracy of such certification; provided, however, that the Servicer must
provide such certification within three months of it becoming aware of such
mistaken deposit, posting or returned check. In the event that the Controlling
Note Purchaser has not received evidence satisfactory to it of the Servicer's
entitlement to reimbursement pursuant to this Section prior to such Settlement
Date, the Controlling Note Purchaser shall give the Trustee notice to such
effect, following receipt of which the Trustee shall not make a distribution to
the Servicer in respect of such amount pursuant to SECTION 5.7, or if prior
thereto the Servicer has been reimbursed pursuant to SECTION 5.7, the Trustee
shall withhold such amounts from amounts otherwise distributable to the Servicer
on the next succeeding Settlement Date.

         SECTION 5.4. APPLICATION OF COLLECTIONS. All collections for each
Accrual Period shall be applied by the Servicer as follows:

         With respect to each Receivable (other than a Purchased Receivable),
payments by or on behalf of the Obligor shall be applied to interest and
principal in accordance with the Simple Interest Method.

         SECTION 5.5. [RESERVED].

         SECTION 5.6. DEPOSITS INTO THE COLLECTION ACCOUNT. The Servicer, the
Issuer, the Purchaser or the Seller, as the case may be, shall each deposit or
cause to be deposited in the Collection Account (i) the Available Funds and the
Class B Available Funds, and (ii) any amounts due the Trustee, any Noteholder,
any Note Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Purchaser (in each case, to the
extent not paid directly thereto) in respect of any indemnification obligation
of the Servicer, the Issuer, the Purchaser or the Seller under the Basic
Documents.

         SECTION 5.7. DISTRIBUTIONS.

                  (a) On each Settlement Date prior to the acceleration of the
         Notes following an Event of Default, the Trustee (based on the
         information contained in the Servicer's Certificate delivered on the
         related Determination Date) shall make the following distributions
         (without duplication) in the following order of priority from the
         Available Funds on deposit in the Collection Account:

                           (i) to the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as
                  applicable, pro rata, in respect of the Backup Servicing Fee
                  (so long as the Backup Servicer is not acting as successor
                  Servicer), the Trustee Fee, reasonable expenses incurred in
                  connection with transitioning the servicing to the Backup
                  Servicer and all other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
                  thereof (including counsel fees and expenses) and all unpaid
                  Backup Servicing Fees (so long as the Backup Servicer is not


                                      -30-
<PAGE>

                  acting as successor Servicer), Trustee Fees, reasonable
                  expenses incurred in connection with transitioning the
                  servicing to the Backup Servicer and all other reasonable
                  out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees and expenses)
                  from prior Accrual Periods; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that expenses
                  payable to each of the Backup Servicer and Trustee pursuant to
                  this clause (i), excluding amounts paid to the Backup Servicer
                  in respect of transition expenses, shall be limited to a total
                  of $25,000 per annum (calculated from November 15, 2006 to
                  November 14, 2007, and each succeeding 364-day period to the
                  extent the Term of the Class A Notes is extended pursuant to
                  the Class A Note Purchase Agreement); PROVIDED, FURTHER, that
                  the amount of transition expenses distributed to the Backup
                  Servicer during the term of this Agreement pursuant to this
                  clause (i) shall in no case exceed $50,000 in the aggregate;

                           (ii) to the Servicer in respect of the Servicing Fee
                  and all unpaid Servicing Fees from prior Accrual Periods and
                  all reimbursements to which the Servicer is entitled pursuant
                  to Section 5.3 and an amount, not to exceed $35,000 per annum,
                  for payment to the taxing authority of the State of Texas on
                  behalf of the Issuer for any Texas franchise or similar tax
                  due and owing by the Issuer (or with respect to the
                  Receivables) and not timely paid by the Servicer in accordance
                  with Section 9.1(m);

                           (iii) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class A
                  Noteholders' Interest Distributable Amount for such Accrual
                  Period;

                           (iv) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class A
                  Noteholders' Principal Distributable Amount for such
                  Settlement Date;

                           (v) to the Note Distribution Account, any Class A
                  Margin Call, the Class A Commitment Fee and all other fees,
                  expenses, indemnity payments (to the extent not paid directly)
                  and all other amounts owing to the Class A Note Purchaser
                  and/or any Class A Noteholder under the Basic Documents;

                           (vi) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class B
                  Noteholders' Interest Distributable Amount for such Accrual
                  Period;

                           (vii) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class B
                  Noteholders' Principal Distributable Amount for such
                  Settlement Date;

                           (viii) to the Servicer for payment to the taxing
                  authority of the State of Texas on behalf of the Issuer for
                  any Texas franchise or similar tax due and owing by the Issuer
                  (or with respect to the Receivables), the amount, if any, to
                  be paid to such taxing authority after giving effect to the
                  distribution pursuant to clause (ii) above and not timely paid
                  by the Servicer in accordance with Section 9.1(m);

                           (ix) to any successor Servicer, its servicing fees in
                  excess of the Servicing Fee and, to the extent not previously
                  paid by the predecessor Servicer pursuant to this Agreement,
                  reasonable transition expenses (up to a maximum of $50,000 in
                  the aggregate over the term of this Agreement) incurred in
                  becoming the successor Servicer;

                           (x) to the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as
                  applicable, pro rata, in respect of reasonable out-of-pocket
                  expenses thereof (including counsel fees and expenses) and
                  reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees and
                  expenses) from prior Accrual Periods to the extent not paid
                  thereto pursuant to SECTION 5.7(a)(i) above;

                           (xi) to the Note Distribution Account, any Class B
                  Margin Call, the Class B Commitment Fee and all other fees,
                  expenses, indemnity payments (to the extent not paid directly)
                  and all other amounts owing to a Class B Note Purchaser and/or
                  any Class B Noteholder under the Basic Documents and the UBS
                  Basic Documents (including without limitation, all UBS Secured
                  Obligations); and

                                      -31-
<PAGE>

                           (xii) to the Deposit Account, the remaining amount,
                  if any; provided that no amounts shall be paid to the Issuer
                  pursuant to this priority (xii) until any amounts owed to any
                  Noteholder and any Note Purchaser pursuant to the Basic
                  Documents have been paid in full and any discrepancies in the
                  Servicer's Certificate shall have been reconciled pursuant to
                  Section 4.14(a) hereof.

                  (b) On each Settlement Date prior to the acceleration of the
         Notes following an Event of Default, the Trustee (based on the
         information contained in the Servicer's Certificate delivered on the
         related Determination Date) shall make the following distributions
         (without duplication) in the following order of priority from the Class
         B Available Funds on deposit in the Collection Account:

                           (i) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class B
                  Noteholders' Interest Distributable Amount for such Accrual
                  Period, to the extent not previously distributed pursuant to
                  Section 5.7(a)(vi);

                           (ii) to the Note Distribution Account, the Class B
                  Noteholders' Principal Distributable Amount for such
                  Settlement Date, to the extent not previously distributed
                  pursuant to Section 5.7(a)(vii);

                           (iii) to the Note Distribution Account, any Class B
                  Margin Call, the Class B Commitment Fee and all other fees,
                  expenses, indemnity payments (to the extent not paid directly)
                  and all other amounts owing to a Class B Note Purchaser and/or
                  any Class B Noteholder under the Basic Documents and the UBS
                  Basic Documents (including without limitation, all UBS Secured
                  Obligations), to the extent not previously distributed
                  pursuant to Section 5.7(a)(xi); and

                           (iv) to the Deposit Account, any remaining amounts;
                  provided that no amounts shall be paid to the Issuer pursuant
                  to this priority (iv) until any amounts owed to any Class B
                  Noteholder and any Class B Note Purchaser pursuant to the
                  Basic Documents and the UBS Basic Documents have been paid in
                  full and any discrepancies in the Servicer's Certificate shall
                  have been reconciled pursuant to Section 4.14(a) hereof.

                  (c) Following an acceleration of the Notes after an Event of
         Default, any money or property that the Trustee collects pursuant to
         Article V of the Indenture shall be paid pursuant to Section 5.6(a) of
         the Indenture; provided, however, that Available Funds and Class B
         Available Funds shall be applied in the order of priority specified in
         SECTION 5.7(a) and SECTION 5.7(b) above, respectively.

                  (d) In the event that the Collection Account is maintained
         with an institution other than the Trustee, the Servicer shall instruct
         and cause such institution to make all deposits and distributions
         pursuant to SECTIONS 5.7(a) and 5.7(b) on the related Settlement Date.

         SECTION 5.8. NOTE DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT.

                  (a) On each Settlement Date (based solely on the information
         contained in the Servicer's Certificate), the Trustee shall distribute
         all Available Funds on deposit in the Note Distribution Account to the
         Noteholders in respect of the Notes to the extent of amounts due and
         unpaid on the Notes for principal and interest, and to the Note
         Purchasers and the Noteholders in respect of other amounts due and
         owing under the Basic Documents, in the following amounts and in the
         following order of priority (without duplication):

                           (i) to the Class A Noteholders, the Class A
                  Noteholders' Interest Distributable Amount; PROVIDED that if
                  there are not sufficient Available Funds in the Note
                  Distribution Account to pay the entire Class A Noteholders'
                  Interest Distributable Amount then due on the Class A Notes,


                                      -32-
<PAGE>

                  the amount in the Note Distribution Account shall be applied
                  to the payment of such Class A Noteholders Interest
                  Distributable Amount pro rata among the Holders of the Class A
                  Notes;

                           (ii) to the Class A Noteholders, in reduction of the
                  Class A Invested Amount, the Class A Noteholders' Principal
                  Distributable Amount to pay principal on the Class A Notes
                  until the outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes
                  has been reduced to zero; PROVIDED that if there are not
                  sufficient Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution
                  Account after application of clause (i) above to pay the
                  entire Class A Noteholders' Principal Distributable Amount
                  then due on the Class A Notes, the Available Funds remaining
                  in the Note Distribution Account shall be applied to the
                  payment of such Class A Noteholders' Principal Distributable
                  Amount pro rata among the Holders of the Class A Notes;

                           (iii) to the Class A Noteholders, in reduction of the
                  Class A Invested Amount, in an amount necessary to cover any
                  Class A Margin Call; PROVIDED that if there are not sufficient
                  Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account
                  after application of clauses (i) and (ii) above to pay the
                  entire amount of the Class A Margin Call, the Available Funds
                  remaining in the Note Distribution Account shall be applied to
                  the payment of such Class A Margin Call pro rata among the
                  Holders of the Class A Notes;

                           (iv) to the Class A Note Purchaser, the Class A
                  Commitment Fee;

                           (v) sequentially, to the Class A Note Purchaser and
                  the Class A Noteholders, in that order, any other amounts due
                  the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders,
                  respectively, pursuant to any of the Basic Documents; PROVIDED
                  that if there are not sufficient Available Funds remaining in
                  the Note Distribution Account after application of clauses (i)
                  through (iv) above to pay all of the other amounts due to the
                  Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders,
                  respectively, pursuant to the Basic Documents, the Available
                  Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account shall be
                  applied to the payment of such other amounts first, to the
                  Class A Note Purchaser, until the amounts due and owing to the
                  Class A Note Purchaser have been reduced to zero, and
                  thereafter, pro rata among the Holders of the Class A Notes;

                           (vi) to the Class B Noteholders, the Class B
                  Noteholders' Interest Distributable Amount; PROVIDED that if
                  there are not sufficient Available Funds remaining in the Note
                  Distribution Account after application of clauses (i) through
                  (v) above to pay the entire Class B Noteholders' Interest
                  Distributable Amount then due on the Class B Notes, the
                  Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account
                  shall be applied to the payment of such Class B Noteholders'
                  Interest Distributable Amount pro rata among the Holders of
                  the Class B Notes;

                           (vii) to the Class B Noteholders, in reduction of the
                  Class B Invested Amount, the Class B Noteholders' Principal
                  Distributable Amount to pay principal on the Class B Notes
                  until the outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes
                  has been reduced to zero; PROVIDED that if there are not
                  sufficient Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution
                  Account after application of clauses (i) through (vi) above to
                  pay the entire Class B Noteholders' Principal Distributable
                  Amount then due on the Class B Notes, the Available Funds
                  remaining in the Note Distribution Account shall be applied to
                  the payment of such Class B Noteholders' Principal
                  Distributable Amount pro rata among the Holders of the Class B
                  Notes;

                           (viii) to the Class B Noteholders, in reduction of
                  the Class B Invested Amount, in an amount necessary to cover
                  any Class B Margin Call; PROVIDED that if there are not
                  sufficient Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution
                  Account after application of clauses (i) through (vii) above
                  to pay the entire amount of the Class B Margin Call, the
                  Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account
                  shall be applied to the payment of such Class B Margin Call
                  pro rata among the Holders of the Class B Notes;

                                      -33-
<PAGE>

                           (ix) to each Class B Note Purchaser, its respective
                  pro rata portion of the Class B Commitment Fee; PROVIDED that
                  if there are not sufficient Available Funds remaining in the
                  Note Distribution Account after application of clauses (i)
                  through (viii) above to pay the entire amount of the Class B
                  Commitment Fee, the Available Funds remaining in the Note
                  Distribution Account shall be applied to the payment of such
                  Class B Commitment Fee pro rata among the Class B Note
                  Purchasers; and

                           (x) sequentially, to each Class B Note Purchaser and
                  the Class B Noteholders, in that order, any other amounts due
                  each Class B Note Purchaser and the Class B Noteholders,
                  respectively, pursuant to any of the Basic Documents; PROVIDED
                  that if there are not sufficient Available Funds remaining in
                  the Note Distribution Account after application of clauses (i)
                  through (ix) above to pay all of the other amounts due to the
                  Class B Note Purchaser and the Class B Noteholders,
                  respectively, pursuant to the Basic Documents, the Available
                  Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account shall be
                  applied to the payment of such other amounts first, pro rata
                  to each Class B Note Purchaser, until the amounts due and
                  owing to each Class B Note Purchaser have been reduced to
                  zero, and thereafter, pro rata among the Holders of the Class
                  B Notes, until the amounts due and owing to each Class B
                  Noteholder have been reduced to zero.

                  (b) On each Settlement Date (based solely on the information
         contained in the Servicer's Certificate), the Trustee shall distribute
         all Class B Available Funds on deposit in the Note Distribution Account
         to the Class B Noteholders in respect of the Class B Notes to the
         extent of amounts due and unpaid on the Class B Notes for principal and
         interest, and to the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B
         Noteholders in respect of other amounts due and owing under the Basic
         Documents and the UBS Basic Documents (including without limitation,
         the UBS Secured Obligations), in the following amounts and in the
         following order of priority (without duplication):

                           (i) to the Class B Noteholders, the Class B
                  Noteholders' Interest Distributable Amount, to the extent not
                  distributed pursuant to Section 5.8(a)(vi); PROVIDED that if
                  there are not sufficient Class B Available Funds in the Note
                  Distribution Account to pay the entire Class B Noteholders'
                  Interest Distributable Amount then due on the Class B Notes,
                  the Class B Available Funds in the Note Distribution Account
                  shall be applied to the payment of such Class B Noteholders'
                  Interest Distributable Amount pro rata among the Holders of
                  the Class B Notes;

                           (ii) to the Class B Noteholders, in reduction of the
                  Class B Invested Amount, the Class B Noteholders' Principal
                  Distributable Amount, to the extent not distributed pursuant
                  to Section 5.8(a)(vii), to pay principal on the Class B Notes
                  until the outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes
                  has been reduced to zero; PROVIDED that if there are not
                  sufficient Class B Available Funds remaining in the Note
                  Distribution Account after application of clause (i) above to
                  pay the entire Class B Noteholders' Principal Distributable
                  Amount then due on the Class B Notes, the Class B Available
                  Funds remaining in the Note Distribution Account shall be
                  applied to the payment of such Class B Noteholders' Principal
                  Distributable Amount pro rata among the Holders of the Class B
                  Notes;

                           (iii) to the Class B Noteholders, in reduction of the
                  Class B Invested Amount, in an amount necessary to cover any
                  Class B Margin Call, to the extent not distributed pursuant to
                  Section 5.8(a)(viii); PROVIDED that if there are not
                  sufficient Class B Available Funds remaining in the Note
                  Distribution Account after application of clauses (i) and (ii)
                  above to pay the entire amount of the Class B Margin Call, the
                  Class B Available Funds remaining in the Note Distribution
                  Account shall be applied to the payment of such Class B Margin
                  Call pro rata among the Holders of the Class B Notes;

                           (iv) to each Class B Note Purchaser, its respective
                  pro rata portion of the Class B Commitment Fee, to the extent
                  not distributed pursuant to Section 5.8(a)(ix); PROVIDED that
                  if there are not sufficient Class B Available Funds remaining
                  in the Note Distribution Account after application of clauses
                  (i) through (iii) above to pay the entire amount of the Class
                  B Commitment Fee, the Class B Available Funds remaining in the
                  Note Distribution Account shall be applied to the payment of
                  such Class B Commitment Fee pro rata among the Class B Note
                  Purchasers; and

                                      -34-
<PAGE>

                           (v) sequentially, to each Class B Note Purchaser and
                  the Class B Noteholders, in that order, any other amounts due
                  each Class B Note Purchaser and the Class B Noteholders,
                  respectively, pursuant to any of the Basic Documents and the
                  UBS Basic Documents (including without limitation, the UBS
                  Secured Obligations), to the extent not previously distributed
                  pursuant to Section 5.8(a)(x); PROVIDED that if there are not
                  sufficient Class B Available Funds remaining in the Note
                  Distribution Account after application of clauses (i) through
                  (iv) above to pay all of the other amounts due to the Class B
                  Note Purchaser and the Class B Noteholders, respectively,
                  pursuant to the Basic Documents, the Class B Available Funds
                  remaining in the Note Distribution Account shall be applied to
                  the payment of such other amounts first, pro rata to each
                  Class B Note Purchaser, until the amounts due and owing to
                  each Class B Note Purchaser have been reduced to zero, and
                  thereafter, pro rata among the Holders of the Class B Notes,
                  until the amounts due and owing to each Class B Noteholder
                  have been reduced to zero.

                  (c) On each Settlement Date, the Trustee shall provide or make
         available electronically (or, upon written request, by first class mail
         or facsimile) to the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers the statement
         or statements provided to the Trustee by the Servicer pursuant to
         SECTION 5.9 hereof on such Settlement Date; PROVIDED HOWEVER, the
         Trustee shall have no obligation to provide such information described
         in this SECTION 5.8(B) until it has received the requisite information
         from the Servicer.

         SECTION 5.9. STATEMENTS TO NOTEHOLDERS. (a) On the Determination Date
(in accordance with SECTION 4.9), the Servicer shall provide to the Trustee, the
Note Purchasers and the Noteholders on the related Record Date a copy of the
Servicer's Certificate setting forth at least the following information as to
the Notes to the extent applicable in the form attached as hereto EXHIBIT A:

                           (i) the amount of such distribution allocable to
                  principal of each class of Notes;

                           (ii) the amount of such distribution allocable to
                  interest on or with respect to each class of Notes;

                           (iii) the aggregate of the Principal Balances of the
                  Receivables as of the close of business on the last day of the
                  preceding Accrual Period;

                           (iv) the Class A Invested Amount and the Class B
                  Invested Amount;

                           (v) the amount of the Servicing Fee paid to the
                  Servicer with respect to the related Accrual Period, and the
                  amount of any unpaid Servicing Fees and the change in such
                  amount from the prior Settlement Date;

                           (vi) (A) the amount of each of the Backup Servicing
                  Fee and the Trustee Fee paid to the Backup Servicer and the
                  Trustee as applicable, with respect to the related Accrual
                  Period, (B) the amount of any unpaid Backup Servicing Fees and
                  Trustee Fees and the change in such amounts from the prior
                  Settlement Date, (C) the amount of all expenses paid to the
                  Trustee and the Backup Servicer, with respect to the related
                  Accrual Period, and (D) the difference between the maximum per
                  annum amount payable to the Trustee and Backup Servicer in
                  respect of expenses (other than servicing transition expenses)
                  as set forth in Section 5.7(a)(i) and the amount paid to the
                  Backup Servicer and Trustee year-to-date (to and including the
                  related Settlement Date) in respect of such expenses;

                           (vii) the Class A Noteholders' Interest Carryover
                  Shortfall, the Class A Noteholders' Principal Carryover
                  Shortfall, the Class B Noteholders' Interest Carryover
                  Shortfall, and the Class B Noteholders' Principal Carryover
                  Shortfall, if any;

                                      -35-
<PAGE>

                           (viii) the number of Receivables and the aggregate
                  gross amount scheduled to be paid thereon, including unearned
                  finance and other charges, for which the related Obligors are
                  delinquent in making Scheduled Receivable Payments for (a) 31
                  to 45 days and (d) 46 days or more, in each case as of the
                  last day of the related Accrual Period;

                           (ix) the amount of aggregate Realized Losses, if any,
                  for the related Accrual Period;

                           (x) the number of, and the aggregate Purchase Amounts
                  for, Receivables, if any, that were repurchased during the
                  related Interest Period and summary information as to losses
                  and delinquencies with respect to the Receivables as of the
                  end of the related Accrual Period;

                           (xi) the amount of any Texas Franchise Tax due and
                  owing by the Issuer to the taxing authority of the State of
                  Texas on or prior to the related Settlement Date or paid by
                  the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer since the prior
                  Settlement Date;

                           (xii) the cumulative amount of Realized Losses from
                  the initial Cutoff Date to the last day of the related Accrual
                  Period; and

                           (xiii) the Servicer Delinquency Ratio as of the end
                  of the related Accrual Period and the Servicer Loss Ratio as
                  of the related Determination Date.

                  (b) Within 60 days after the end of each calendar year,
         commencing February 28, 2007, the Servicer shall deliver to the
         Trustee, and the Trustee shall, provided it has received the necessary
         information from the Servicer, promptly thereafter furnish to each
         Noteholder (a) a report (prepared by the Servicer) as to the aggregate
         of the amounts reported pursuant to subclauses (i), (ii), (v) and (vi)
         of SECTION 5.9(a) for such preceding calendar year, and (b) such
         information as may be reasonably requested by any Noteholder or
         required by the Code and regulations thereunder, to enable such
         Noteholder to prepare its Federal and State income tax returns. The
         obligation of the Trustee set forth in this paragraph shall be deemed
         to have been satisfied to the extent that substantially comparable
         information shall be provided by the Servicer to such Noteholder
         pursuant to any requirements of the Code.

                  (c) The Trustee may make available to the Note Purchasers and
         the Noteholders via the Trustee's Internet Website, all statements
         described herein and, with the consent or at the direction of the
         Seller, such other information regarding the Notes and/or the
         Receivables as the Trustee may have in its possession, but only with
         the use of a password provided by the Trustee. The Trustee will make no
         representation or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of such
         documents accurately posted and will assume no responsibility therefor.
         The Trustee's Internet Website shall be initially located at
         WWW.CTSLINK.COM or at such other address as shall be specified by the
         Trustee from time to time in writing to the Noteholders and the Note
         Purchasers. In connection with providing access to the Trustee's
         Internet Website, the Trustee may require registration and the
         acceptance of a disclaimer. The Trustee shall not be liable for the
         dissemination of information in accordance with this Agreement.

         SECTION 5.10. DIVIDEND OF INELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES. The Issuer may on the
last day of the month in which any Receivables are sold into a securitization
transaction distribute any Ineligible Receivables to the Seller as a dividend,
free of the deemed security interest referred to in Section 2.2 hereof; PROVIDED
THAT there is no Borrowing Base Deficiency immediately after such dividend.

                                      -36-
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   ----------

                                   [RESERVED]
                                   ----------

                                   ARTICLE VII
                                   -----------

                                  THE PURCHASER
                                  -------------

         SECTION 7.1. REPRESENTATIONS OF PURCHASER. The Purchaser makes the
following representations on which the Noteholders shall be deemed to have
relied in purchasing the Notes and the applicable Note Purchasers shall have
been deemed to have relied in making each Advance. The representations speak as
of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of each Funding Date, and
shall survive the sale of the Receivables to the Purchaser and the pledge
thereof to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders pursuant to the Indenture.

                  (a) ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING. The Purchaser has been
         duly formed and is validly existing as a limited liability company
         solely under the laws of the state of Delaware and is in good standing
         under the laws of the State of Delaware, with power and authority to
         own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are
         currently owned and such business is currently conducted, and had at
         all relevant times, and now has, power, authority and legal right to
         acquire, own and pledge the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property
         pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the
         Noteholders and to enter into and perform its other obligations under
         this Agreement and each other Basic Document to which it is a party.

                  (b) DUE QUALIFICATION. The Purchaser is duly qualified to do
         business as a foreign limited liability company in good standing, and
         has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions
         in which the ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its
         business (including, without limitation, (i) the purchase of
         Receivables from CPS, (ii) the pledge of Collateral to the Trustee for
         the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant to
         Granting Clause I of the Indenture, (iii) the pledge of the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B
         Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders pursuant to Granting Clause
         II of the Indenture, (iv) the pledge of the Bear Cross Collateral to
         the UBS Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note
         purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents
         pursuant to Granting Clause III of the Indenture, and (v) the
         performance of its other obligations under this Agreement and each
         other Basic Document) shall require such qualifications.

                  (c) POWER AND AUTHORITY. The Purchaser has the power (limited
         liability company and other) and authority, and has all material
         government licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals necessary
         to own its assets and carry on its business as now being conducted, to
         execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to
         which it is a party and to carry out its terms and their terms,
         respectively; the Purchaser has full power and authority to pledge (x)
         the Collateral to be pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note
         Purchasers and the Noteholders by it pursuant to Granting Clause I of
         the Indenture, (y) the Pledged Subordinate Securities to be pledged to
         the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B Note Purchasers and the
         Class B Noteholders by it pursuant to Granting Clause II of the
         Indenture, and (z) the Bear Cross Collateral to be pledged to the UBS
         Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and
         the Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents by it pursuant to
         Granting Clause III of the Indenture, and has duly authorized such
         pledges to the Trustee and the UBS Indenture Trustee, as applicable,
         for the benefit of the applicable Persons by all necessary corporate
         action; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
         and the Basic Documents to which the Purchaser is a party have been
         duly authorized by the Purchaser by all necessary action.

                  (d) VALID SALE. BINDING OBLIGATIONS. (A) This Agreement
         effects a valid sale of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed
         Property, enforceable against the Seller and creditors of and
         purchasers from the Seller, (B) Granting Clause I of the Indenture
         constitutes a valid pledge of the Collateral which constitutes a first
         priority perfected security interest in the Collateral, subject to the


                                      -37-
<PAGE>

         terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, in favor of the
         Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, (C)
         Granting Clause II of the Indenture constitutes a valid pledge of the
         Pledged Subordinate Securities which constitutes a first priority
         perfected security interest in the Pledged Subordinate Securities in
         favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the
         Class B Note Purchasers, and (D) Granting Clause III of the Indenture
         constitutes a valid pledge of the Bear Cross Collateral, subject to the
         terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, which constitutes
         a second priority perfected security interest in the Bear Cross
         Collateral (subject only to the Lien Granted pursuant to Granting
         Clause I of the Indenture) in favor of the UBS Indenture Trustee for
         the benefit of the Class B noteholders and the Class B note purchasers
         under the UBS Basic Documents, in each case enforceable against the
         Issuer and creditors of and purchasers from the Issuer, and this
         Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which the Purchaser is a
         party, when duly executed and delivered, shall constitute legal, valid
         and binding obligations of the Purchaser enforceable in accordance with
         their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
         bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
         the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by equitable
         limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of
         whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or
         at law.

                  (e) NO VIOLATION. The consummation of the transactions
         contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic Documents and the
         fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the other Basic
         Documents shall not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the
         terms and provisions of or constitute (with or without notice, lapse of
         time or both) a default under the Certificate of Formation or the LLC
         Agreement, or any indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or
         other instrument to which the Purchaser is a party or by which it is
         bound, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of
         its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement,
         mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument, other than the Basic
         Documents, or violate any law, order, rule, regulation, ordinance or
         directive of any Governmental Authority applicable to the Purchaser of
         any court or of any federal or state regulatory body, administrative
         agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over
         the Purchaser or any of its properties.

                  (f) NO PROCEEDINGS. There are no proceedings or investigations
         pending or, to the Purchaser's knowledge, threatened against the
         Purchaser, before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or
         other tribunal or governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over
         the Purchaser or its properties (A) asserting the invalidity of this
         Agreement, any class of Notes or any of the Basic Documents, (B)
         seeking to prevent the issuance of any class of Notes or the
         consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
         or any of the Basic Documents, (C) seeking any determination or ruling
         that might materially and adversely affect the performance by the
         Purchaser of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability
         of, this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents or otherwise have a
         Material Adverse Effect or result in a Material Adverse Change in
         respect of the Purchaser, or (D) relating to the Purchaser, the
         Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities or the Bear Cross
         Collateral and which might adversely affect the federal or State
         income, excise, franchise or similar tax attributes of the Notes.

                  (g) NO CONSENTS. The Purchaser is not required to obtain the
         consent of any other Person and no consent, approval, authorization or
         order of or declaration or filing with any governmental authority is
         required for conduct of the Purchaser's business, the issuance or sale
         of the Notes or the consummation of the other transactions contemplated
         by this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, except such as have
         been duly made or obtained or as may be required by the Basic
         Documents.

                  (h) TAX RETURNS. The Purchaser has filed all federal and state
         tax returns that are required to be filed and paid all taxes, including
         any assessments received by it, to the extent that such taxes have
         become due. Any taxes, fees and other governmental charges payable by
         the Purchaser in connection with consummation of the transactions
         contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which
         the Purchaser is a party and the fulfillment of the terms of this
         Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which the Purchaser is a
         party have been paid or shall have been paid at or prior to the Closing
         Date and as of each Funding Date.

                                      -38-
<PAGE>

                  (i) OTHER OBLIGATIONS. The Purchaser is not in default in the
         performance, observance or fulfillment of any obligation, covenant or
         condition in any of the Basic Documents to which it is a party or in
         any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it
         is bound the result of which would have a Material Adverse Effect or
         result in a Material Adverse Change.

                  (j) CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE. The chief executive office of the
         Purchaser is at 16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine, CA 92618.

                  (k) CERTIFICATE, STATEMENTS AND REPORTS. The officer's
         certificates, statements, reports and other documents prepared by the
         Purchaser and furnished by the Purchaser to the Trustee, any Note
         Purchaser or any Noteholder pursuant to this Agreement or any other
         Basic Document to which it is a party, or otherwise in connection with
         the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, when taken as a whole,
         do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
         a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or
         therein not misleading.

                  (l) LEGAL COUNSEL, ETC. The Purchaser consulted with its own
         legal counsel and independent accountants to the extent it deems
         necessary regarding the tax, accounting and regulatory consequences of
         the transactions contemplated hereby, the Purchaser is not
         participating in such transactions in reliance on any representations
         of any other party, their affiliates, or their counsel with respect to
         tax, accounting, regulatory or any other matters.

                  (m) NO DEFAULT. The Purchaser is not in default in the
         performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations,
         covenants or conditions contained in, and is not otherwise in default
         under (i) any law or statute applicable to it, including, without
         limitation, any Consumer Law, (ii) any judgment, decree, writ,
         injunction, order, award or other action of any court or governmental
         authority or arbitrator or any order, rule or regulation of any
         federal, state, county, municipal or other governmental or public
         authority or agency having or asserting jurisdiction over it or any of
         its properties or (iii) (x) any indebtedness or any instrument or
         agreement under or pursuant to which any such indebtedness has been, or
         could be, issued or incurred or (y) any other instrument or agreement
         to which it is a party or by which it is bound or any of its properties
         is affected, including, without limitation, the Basic Documents, that
         either individually or in the aggregate, (A) would result in a Material
         Adverse Change with respect to the Purchaser, or in any impairment of
         the right or ability of the Purchaser to carry on its business
         substantially as now conducted or (B) would result in a Material
         Adverse Effect.

                  (n) ERISA. The Purchaser does not maintain any Plans, and the
         Purchaser agrees to notify each Note Purchaser in advance of forming
         any Plans. Neither the Issuer nor any Affiliate of the Purchaser (other
         than MFN under the MFN Financial Corporation Pension Plan and CPS under
         its defined contribution (401(k)) plan) has any obligations or
         liabilities with respect to any Plans or Multiemployer Plans, nor have
         any such Persons had any obligations or liabilities with respect to any
         such Plans during the five year period prior to the date this
         representation is made or deemed made. The Purchaser will give notice
         to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder if at any time it or any
         Affiliate has any obligations or liabilities with respect to any Plan
         or Multiemployer Plan. All Plans maintained by the Purchaser or any
         Affiliate are in substantial compliance with all applicable laws
         (including ERISA). The Purchaser is not an employer under any
         Multiemployer Plan.

                  (o) COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. The Purchaser has complied and will
         comply in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules,
         regulations, judgments, agreements, decrees and orders with respect to
         its business and properties.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                  ------------

                                   THE SELLER
                                   ----------

         SECTION 8.1. REPRESENTATIONS OF SELLER. The Seller makes the following
representations on which the Purchaser shall be deemed to have relied in
acquiring the Receivables, the Noteholders shall be deemed to have relied in
purchasing the Notes and the applicable Note Purchasers shall have been deemed


                                      -39-
<PAGE>

to have relied in making each Advance. The representations speak as of the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, as of the Closing Date and as of each
Funding Date, and shall survive the sale of the Receivables to the Purchaser and
the pledge thereof by the Purchaser to the Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchasers pursuant to the Indenture.

                  (a) ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING. The Seller has been duly
         organized and is validly existing as a corporation solely under the
         laws of the State of California and is in good standing under the laws
         of the State of California, with power and authority to own its
         properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently
         owned and such business is currently conducted, and had at all relevant
         times, and now has, power, authority and legal right to acquire, own
         and sell the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property transferred to
         the Purchaser and to perform its other obligations under this Agreement
         or any other Basic Documents to which it is a party.

                  (b) DUE QUALIFICATION. The Seller is duly qualified to do
         business as a foreign corporation in good standing and has obtained all
         necessary licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the
         ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business
         (including, without limitation, the origination or purchase of motor
         vehicle retail installment sale contracts or installment promissory
         note and security agreements, the sale of the Receivables to the
         Purchaser hereunder, the servicing of the Receivables as required by
         this Agreement, and its other obligations hereunder and under the other
         Basic Documents) requires or shall require such qualification except
         where the failure to so qualify or obtain such licenses or consents
         would not result in a Material Adverse Effect or a Material Adverse
         Change.

                  (c) POWER AND AUTHORITY. The Seller has the power (corporate
         and other) and authority, and has all material government licenses,
         authorizations, consents and approvals necessary to own its assets and
         carry on its business as now being conducted, to execute and deliver
         this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it is a party and
         to carry out its terms and their terms, respectively; the Seller has
         full power and authority to sell and assign the Receivables and the
         Other Conveyed Property to be sold and assigned to and deposited with
         the Purchaser by it and has duly authorized such sale and assignment to
         the Purchaser by all necessary corporate action; and the execution,
         delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Basic Documents to
         which the Seller is a party have been duly authorized by the Seller by
         all necessary corporate action.

                  (d) VALID SALE; BINDING OBLIGATIONS. This Agreement effects a
         valid sale, transfer and assignment of the Receivables and the Other
         Conveyed Property to the Purchaser, enforceable against the Seller and
         creditors of and purchasers from the Seller; and this Agreement and the
         Basic Documents to which the Seller is a party, when duly executed and
         delivered, shall constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the
         Seller enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as
         enforceability may be limited, by bankruptcy, insolvency,
         reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
         creditors' rights generally and by equitable limitations on the
         availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such
         enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

                  (e) NO VIOLATION. The consummation of the transactions
         contemplated by this Agreement and the Basic Documents and the
         fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the Basic Documents does
         not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and
         provisions of or constitute (with or without notice, lapse of time or
         both) a default under the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of
         the Seller, or any indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or
         other instrument to which the Seller is a party or by which it is
         bound, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of
         its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement,
         mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument, other than the Basic
         Documents, or violate any law, order, rule, regulation, ordinance or
         directive of any Governmental Authority applicable to the Seller of any
         court or of any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency
         or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the
         Seller or any of its properties.

                  (f) NO PROCEEDINGS. There are no proceedings or investigations
         pending or, to the Seller's knowledge, threatened against the Seller,
         before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other
         tribunal or governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the


                                      -40-
<PAGE>

         Seller or its properties (A) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement
         or any of the Basic Documents, (B) seeking to prevent the issuance of
         the Notes or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
         by this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents, or (C) seeking any
         determination or ruling that might materially and adversely affect the
         performance by the Seller of its obligations under, or the validity or
         enforceability of, this Agreement or any of the other Basic Documents
         or otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect or result in a Material
         Adverse Change in respect of the Seller or (D) relating to the Seller
         or the Receivables or Other Conveyed Property and which might adversely
         affect the federal or State income, excise, franchise or similar tax
         attributes of the Notes.

                  (g) NO CONSENTS. No consent, approval, authorization or order
         of or declaration or filing with any governmental authority is required
         for the conduct of the Seller's business, the issuance or sale of the
         Notes or the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by
         this Agreement and the Basic Documents, except such as have been duly
         made or obtained.

                  (h) FINANCIAL CONDITION. The Seller has a positive net worth
         and is able to and does pay its liabilities as they mature. The Seller
         is not in default under any obligation to pay money to any Person
         except for matters being disputed in good faith which do not involve an
         obligation of the Seller on a promissory note. The Seller will not use
         the proceeds from the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents
         to give any preference to any creditor or class of creditors, and such
         transactions will not leave the Seller with remaining assets which are
         unreasonably small compared to its ongoing operations.

                  (i) FRAUDULENT CONVEYANCE. The Seller is not selling the
         Receivables to the Purchaser with any intent to hinder, delay or
         defraud any of its creditors; the Seller will not be rendered insolvent
         as a result of the sale of the Receivables to the Purchaser.

                  (j) TAX RETURNS. The Seller has filed all material federal and
         state tax returns that are required to be filed and paid all material
         taxes, including any assessments received by it, to the extent that
         such taxes have become due (other than taxes, the amount or validity of
         which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate
         proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP
         have been provided on the books of the Seller). Any taxes, fees and
         other governmental charges payable by the Seller in connection with
         consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
         other Basic Documents to which the Seller is a party and the
         fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the other Basic
         Documents to which the Seller is a party have been paid or shall have
         been paid as of each Funding Date.

                  (k) CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE. The Seller has more than one place
         of business, and the chief executive office of the Seller is at 16355
         Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine, CA 92618 and its organizational number is
         1682500.

                  (l) CERTIFICATE, STATEMENTS AND REPORTS. The officer's
         certificates, statements, reports and other documents prepared by
         Seller and furnished by Seller to the Purchaser, the Trustee, any Note
         Purchaser or any Noteholder pursuant to this Agreement or any other
         Basic Document to which it is a party, or otherwise in connection with
         the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, when taken as a whole,
         do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
         a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or
         therein not misleading.

                  (m) LEGAL COUNSEL, ETC. Seller consulted with its own legal
         counsel and independent accountants to the extent it deems necessary
         regarding the tax, accounting and regulatory consequences of the
         transactions contemplated hereby, Seller is not participating in such
         transactions in reliance on any representations of any other party,
         their affiliates, or their counsel with respect to tax, accounting and
         regulatory matters.

                  (n) NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2006. No
         Material Adverse Change has occurred with respect to the Seller since
         the end of the quarter reported on in the Seller's Form 10-Q filed with
         the Commission on October 27, 2006.

                                      -41-
<PAGE>

                  (o) NO DEFAULT. The Seller is not in default in the
         performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations,
         covenants or conditions contained in, and is not otherwise in default
         under (i) any law or statute applicable to it, including, without
         limitation, any Consumer Law, (ii) any judgment, decree, writ,
         injunction, order, award or other action of any court or governmental
         authority or arbitrator or any order, rule or regulation of any
         federal, state, county, municipal or other governmental or public
         authority or agency having or asserting jurisdiction over it or any of
         its properties or (iii) (x) any indebtedness or any instrument or
         agreement under or pursuant to which any such indebtedness has been, or
         could be, issued or incurred or (y) any other instrument or agreement
         to which it is a party or by which it is bound or any of its properties
         is affected, including, without limitation, the Basic Documents, that
         either individually or in the aggregate, (A) would result in a Material
         Adverse Change with respect to the Seller, or in any impairment of the
         right or ability of the Seller to carry on its business substantially
         as now conducted or (B) would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (p) OTHER OBLIGATIONS. The Seller is not in default in the
         performance, observance or fulfillment of any obligation, covenant or
         condition in any of the Basic Documents to which it is a party or in
         any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is
         bound the result of which would have a Material Adverse Effect or
         result in a Material Adverse Change.

                  (q) ERISA. The Seller does not maintain any Plans (other than
         its defined contribution (401(k)) plan and the MFN Financial
         Corporation Pension Plan), and the Seller agrees to notify each Note
         Purchaser in advance of forming any Plans. Neither the Seller nor any
         Affiliate of the Seller (other than MFN under the MFN Financial
         Corporation Pension Plan) has any obligations or liabilities with
         respect to any Plans or Multiemployer Plans, nor have any such Persons
         had any obligations or liabilities with respect to any such Plans
         during the five year period prior to the date this representation is
         made or deemed made. The Seller will give notice to each Note Purchaser
         and each Noteholder if at any time it or any Affiliate has any
         obligations or liabilities with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer
         Plan. All Plans maintained by the Seller or any Affiliate are in
         substantial compliance with all applicable laws (including ERISA). The
         Seller is not an employer under any Multiemployer Plan.

                  (r) COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. The Seller has complied and will
         comply in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules,
         regulations, judgments, agreements, decrees and orders with respect to
         its business and properties.

         SECTION 8.2. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE SELLER.

                  (a) SALE. The Seller agrees to treat the conveyances hereunder
         as financings for tax and accounting purposes and as sales for all
         other purposes (including without limitation legal and bankruptcy
         purposes) on all relevant books, records, tax returns, financial
         statements and other applicable documents.

                  (b) NON-PETITION. In the event of any breach of a
         representation and warranty made by the Purchaser hereunder, the Seller
         covenants and agrees that it will not take any action to pursue any
         remedy that it may have hereunder, in law, in equity or otherwise,
         until a year and a day have passed since the date on which each class
         of Notes issued by the Issuer and any and all other amounts due and
         owing to the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers pursuant to the Basic
         Documents have been paid in full. The Purchaser and the Seller agree
         that damages will not be an adequate remedy for breach of this covenant
         and that this covenant may be specifically enforced by the Purchaser,
         by the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, by
         any Note Purchaser or by any Noteholder.

                  (c) CHANGES TO SELLER'S CONTRACT PURCHASE GUIDELINES. The
         Seller covenants that it will not make any material credit-related
         changes to the Seller's Contract Purchase Guidelines without the prior
         written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser (which consent shall
         not unreasonably be withheld). The Seller covenants to provide prompt
         prior written notice to each Note Purchaser upon any material change
         made to the Seller's Contract Purchase Guidelines.

                                      -42-
<PAGE>

                  (d) COOPERATION. If an Event of Default shall have occurred
         and be continuing, Seller shall cooperate with and provide all
         information and access requested by the Trustee, any Note Purchaser
         and/or any Noteholder in connection with any actions taken pursuant to
         SECTION 5.4 of the Indenture.

                  (e) CONSENTS TO WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS OF BASIC
         DOCUMENTS. The Seller shall not consent to any waiver, amendment or
         modification of the Basic Documents that could reasonably be expected
         to have a Material Adverse Effect on any Note Purchaser or any
         Noteholder without the prior written consent of (i) the Controlling
         Noteholder and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class
         or (ii) if any such waiver, amendment or modification relates solely to
         the Pledged Subordinate Securities, without the prior written consent
         of the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Majority Noteholders, or
         (iii) if any such waiver, amendment or modification relates solely to
         the application of proceeds from the Bear Cross Collateral, without the
         prior written consent of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B
         majority noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents.

                  (f) OTHER LIENS OR INTERESTS. Except for the conveyances
         hereunder and any other Lien created under any Basic Document, the
         Seller will not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other Person,
         or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any lien on any
         interest therein, including, without limitation, any lien levied upon
         the Conveyed Property by the State of Texas (or any taxing authority or
         governmental agency of the State of Texas) as a result of the
         non-payment of any Texas Franchise Tax, and the Seller shall defend the
         right, title, and interest of the Purchaser in, to and under the
         Receivables and the other Conveyed Property against all claims of third
         parties claiming through or under the Seller.

         SECTION 8.3. LIABILITY OF SELLER; INDEMNITIES.

                  (a) The Seller shall indemnify the Purchaser, the Backup
         Servicer, the Trustee, each Noteholder, each Note Purchaser and their
         respective officers, directors, agents and employees for any liability
         as a result of the failure of a Receivable to be originated in
         compliance with all requirements of law and for any breach of any of
         its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements
         contained herein.

                  (b) The Seller shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the
         Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, each Noteholder, each Note
         Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and
         employees from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses,
         damages, claims, and liabilities, arising out of or resulting from the
         use, ownership, or operation by the Seller, any Affiliate thereof or
         any of their respective agents or subcontractors, of a Financed
         Vehicle.

                  (c) The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the
         Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, each Noteholder, each Note
         Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and
         employees from and against any taxes that may at any time be asserted
         against any such Person with respect to the transactions contemplated
         in this Agreement and any of the Basic Documents (except any income
         taxes arising out of fees paid to the Trustee and the Backup Servicer
         and except any taxes to which the Trustee may otherwise be subject),
         including without limitation any sales, gross receipts, general
         corporation, tangible personal property, privilege or license taxes
         (but, in the case of the Purchaser, not including any taxes asserted
         with respect to federal or other income taxes arising out of
         distributions on the Notes) and costs and expenses in defending against
         the same.

                  (d) The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the
         Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, each Noteholder, each Note
         Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and
         employees from and against any loss, liability or expense incurred by
         reason of (i) the Seller's willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence
         in the performance of its obligations or duties under this Agreement,
         or by reason of reckless disregard of its obligations or duties under
         this Agreement and/or (ii) the Seller's or the Purchaser's violation of
         federal or State securities laws in connection with the offering and
         sale of the Notes.

                                      -43-
<PAGE>

                  (e) The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the
         Trustee and the Backup Servicer and its officers, directors, employees
         and agents from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses,
         claims, damages and liabilities arising out of, or incurred in
         connection with the acceptance or performance of the trusts and duties
         set forth herein and in the Basic Documents except to the extent that
         such cost, expense, loss, claim, damage or liability shall be due to
         the willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence (except for errors in
         judgment) of the Trustee or the Backup Servicer.

                  (f) The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the
         Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, each Noteholder, each Note
         Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and
         employees from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, claims,
         damages and liabilities arising out of or relating to the failure of a
         Receivable to be originated in compliance with all requirements of law,
         including without limitation all Consumer Laws, and for any breach of
         any of the Seller's representations and warranties, covenants or other
         agreements contained herein (including, without limitation, the
         representations contained in SECTION 3.1 hereof) or in any other Basic
         Document to which the Seller is a party.

         Indemnification under this Section shall survive the resignation or
removal of the Servicer or the Trustee and the termination of this Agreement and
the other Basic Documents and shall include reasonable fees and expenses of
counsel and other expenses of litigation. These indemnity obligations shall be
in addition to any obligation that the Seller may otherwise have under
applicable law, hereunder or under any other Basic Document. If the Seller shall
have made any indemnity payments pursuant to this Section and the Person to or
on behalf of whom such payments are made thereafter shall collect any of such
amounts from others, such Person shall promptly repay such amounts to the
Seller, without interest.

         Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 8.3 or any other
provision of this Agreement, nothing herein shall be construed as to require the
Seller to provide any indemnification hereunder or under any other Basic
Document for any costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising
solely out of, or incurred solely in connection with, credit losses with respect
to the Receivables.

         SECTION 8.4. MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION OF, OR ASSUMPTION OF THE
OBLIGATIONS OF, SELLER. Seller shall not merge or consolidate with any other
person, convey, transfer or lease substantially all its assets as an entirety to
another Person, or permit any other Person to become the successor to Seller's
business unless, after the merger, consolidation, conveyance, transfer, lease or
succession, the successor or surviving entity shall be capable of fulfilling the
duties of Seller contained in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to
which it is a party. Any corporation or other Person (i) into which Seller may
be merged or consolidated, (ii) resulting from any merger or consolidation to
which Seller shall be a party, (iii) which acquires by conveyance, transfer, or
lease substantially all of the assets of Seller, or (iv) succeeding to the
business of Seller, in any of the foregoing cases shall execute an agreement of
assumption to perform every obligation of Seller under this Agreement and the
other Basic Documents to which it is a party and, whether or not such assumption
agreement is executed, shall be the successor to Seller under this Agreement and
the other Basic Documents to which it is a party without the execution or filing
of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties to this
Agreement, anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that nothing contained herein shall be deemed to release Seller from
any obligation. Seller shall provide notice of any merger, consolidation or
succession pursuant to this Section to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each
Noteholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller shall not merge or consolidate
with any other Person or permit any other Person to become a successor to
Seller's business, unless (x) immediately after giving effect to such
transaction, no representation or warranty made pursuant to SECTION 8.1 shall
have been breached (for purposes hereof, such representations and warranties
shall be deemed made as of the date of the consummation of such transaction) and
no event that, after notice or lapse of time, or both, would become an Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (y) Seller shall have delivered
to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder an Officer's Certificate
and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such consolidation, merger or
succession and such agreement of assumption comply with this Section and that
all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Agreement relating to
such transaction have been complied with, and (z) Seller shall have delivered to
the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder an Opinion of Counsel,
stating in the opinion of such counsel, either (A) all financing statements and
continuation statements and amendments thereto have been authorized and filed
that are necessary to preserve and protect the interest of the Purchaser and the
Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in the
Opinion Collateral and reciting the details of the filings or (B) no such action
shall be necessary to preserve and protect such interest.

                                      -44-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 8.5. [RESERVED].

         SECTION 8.6. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. (a) The Seller shall furnish, or
cause to be furnished to each Noteholder and each Note Purchaser:

                           (i) AUDIT REPORT. As soon as available and in any
                  event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the
                  Seller, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of the Seller
                  and its Affiliates as at the end of such fiscal year, together
                  with the related statements of earnings, stockholders' equity
                  and cash flows for such fiscal year, prepared in reasonable
                  detail and in accordance with GAAP certified by independent
                  certified public accountants of recognized national standing
                  as shall be selected by the Seller.

                           (ii) QUARTERLY STATEMENTS. As soon as available, but
                  in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal
                  quarter (except the fourth fiscal quarter) of the Seller,
                  copies of the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet
                  of the Seller and its Affiliates as at the end of such fiscal
                  quarter and the related unaudited statements of earnings,
                  stockholders' equity and cash flows for the portion of the
                  fiscal year through such fiscal quarter (and as to the
                  statements of earnings for such fiscal quarter) in each case
                  setting forth in comparative form the figures for the
                  corresponding periods of the previous fiscal year, prepared in
                  reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied
                  consistently throughout the periods reflected therein and
                  certified by the chief financial or accounting officer of the
                  Seller as presenting fairly the financial condition and
                  results of operations of the Seller and its Affiliates
                  (subject to normal year-end adjustments).

                  (b) For so long as Seller is subject to the reporting
         requirements of Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, its filing of the
         annual and quarterly reports required under said act, on a timely
         basis, shall be deemed compliance with this Section 8.6.

                                   ARTICLE IX
                                   ----------

                                  THE SERVICER
                                  ------------

         SECTION 9.1. REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF SERVICER. The Servicer
(and the Backup Servicer, in the case of clause (j) below) makes the following
representations and covenants on which the Purchaser shall be deemed to have
relied in acquiring the Receivables, on which the Noteholders shall be deemed to
have relied in purchasing the Notes and on which the applicable Note Purchasers
shall be deemed to have relied in making each Advance. The representations speak
as of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date,
in the case of Receivables conveyed by the Closing Date, and as of the
applicable Funding Date, in the case of Receivables conveyed by such Funding
Date, and the representations and covenants shall survive the sale of the
Receivables to the Purchaser and the pledge thereof to the Trustee for the
benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers pursuant to the Indenture.

                  (a) ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING. The Servicer has been duly
         organized and is validly existing as a corporation and in good standing
         under the laws of the State of California, with power, authority and
         legal right to own its properties and to conduct its business as such
         properties are currently owned and such business is presently
         conducted, and had at all relevant times, and shall have, power,
         authority and legal right to acquire, own and service the Receivables.

                                      -45-
<PAGE>

                  (b) DUE QUALIFICATION. The Servicer is duly qualified to do
         business as a foreign corporation in good standing and has obtained all
         necessary licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the
         ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business
         (including the servicing of the Receivables as required by this
         Agreement) requires or shall require such qualification except where
         the failure to so qualify or obtain such licenses or consents would not
         result in a Material Adverse Effect or a Material Adverse Change.

                  (c) POWER AND AUTHORITY. The Servicer has the power and
         authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Basic Documents
         to which it is a party and to carry out its terms and their terms,
         respectively, and the execution, delivery and performance of this
         Agreement and the Basic Documents to which it is a party have been duly
         authorized by the Servicer by all necessary corporate action.

                  (d) BINDING OBLIGATION. This Agreement and the Basic Documents
         to which the Servicer is a party shall constitute legal, valid and
         binding obligations of the Servicer enforceable in accordance with
         their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
         bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting
         the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by equitable
         limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of
         whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or
         at law.

                  (e) NO VIOLATION. The consummation of the transactions
         contemplated by this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which to the
         Servicer is a party, and the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement
         and the Basic Documents to which the Servicer is a party, shall not
         conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions
         of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default
         under, the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the Servicer, or any
         indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to
         which the Servicer is a party or by which it is bound or any of its
         properties are subject, or result in the creation or imposition of any
         Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such
         indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument,
         other than the Basic Documents, or violate any law, order, rule or
         regulation applicable to the Servicer of any court or of any federal or
         state regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental
         instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Servicer or any of its
         properties.

                  (f) NO PROCEEDINGS. There are no proceedings or investigations
         pending or, to the Servicer's knowledge, threatened against the
         Servicer, before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or
         other tribunal or governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over
         the Servicer or its properties (A) asserting the invalidity of this
         Agreement or any of the Basic Documents, (B) seeking to prevent the
         issuance of the Notes or the consummation of any of the transactions
         contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents, or (C)
         seeking any determination or ruling that might materially and adversely
         affect the performance by the Servicer of its obligations under, or the
         validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any of the other Basic
         Documents or otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect or result in a
         Material Adverse Change, or (D) relating to the Servicer and which
         might adversely affect the federal or state income, excise, franchise
         or similar tax attributes of the Notes.

                  (g) NO CONSENTS. No consent, approval, authorization or order
         of or declaration or filing with any governmental authority is required
         for the issuance or sale of the Notes or the consummation of the other
         transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic
         Documents, except such as have been duly made or obtained.

                  (h) TAXES. The Servicer has filed all federal and state tax
         returns that are required to be filed and paid all taxes, including any
         assessments received by it, to the extent that such taxes have become
         due (other than taxes, the amount or validity of which are currently
         being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with
         respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on
         the books of the Servicer). Any taxes, fees and other governmental
         charges payable by the Servicer in connection with consummation of the
         transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic
         Documents to which the Servicer is a party and the fulfillment of the
         terms of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which the
         Servicer is a party have been paid or shall have been paid as of each
         Funding Date.

                                      -46-
<PAGE>

                  (i) CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE. The Servicer hereby represents and
         warrants to the Trustee that the Servicer's principal place of business
         and chief executive office is 16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine,
         California 92618.

                  (j) DATA MAPPING. Neither the Servicer nor the Backup Servicer
         is aware of any fact that would cause such Person reasonably to believe
         that the Servicer's servicing data cannot be mapped from the Servicer's
         system to the Backup Servicer's system.

                  (k) CHANGES TO SERVICING GUIDELINES. The Servicer covenants
         that it will not make any material changes to the Servicing Guidelines
         prior to the Termination Date without the prior written consent of the
         Controlling Note Purchaser (which consent shall not unreasonably be
         withheld) and prior written notice to each Class B Note Purchaser.

                  (l) COOPERATION. If an Event of Default shall have occurred
         and be continuing, Servicer shall cooperate with and provide all
         information and access reasonably requested by the Trustee, any Note
         Purchaser or any Noteholder in connection with any actions taken
         pursuant to SECTION 5.4 of the Indenture.

                  (m) TEXAS FRANCHISE TAX. The Servicer agrees to make timely
         payment, when due, of any Texas Franchise Tax that may be imposed,
         assessed or levied by the taxing authority of the State of Texas on or
         in respect of the Conveyed Property, the Seller, the Servicer, the
         Purchaser or the Issuer.

         SECTION 9.2. LIABILITY OF SERVICER; INDEMNITIES.

                  (a) The Servicer (in its capacity as such) shall be liable
         hereunder only to the extent of the obligations in this Agreement
         specifically undertaken by the Servicer and the representations made by
         the Servicer in the Basic Documents to which it is a party.

                           (i) The Servicer shall defend, indemnify and hold
                  harmless the Purchaser, the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, each
                  Noteholder, each Note Purchaser and their respective officers,
                  directors, agents and employees from and against any and all
                  costs, expenses, losses, damages, claims and liabilities,
                  arising out of or resulting from the use, ownership,
                  repossession or operation by the Servicer or any Affiliate or
                  agent or sub-contractor thereof of any Financed Vehicle.

                           (ii) The Servicer, so long as CPS is the Servicer,
                  shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Purchaser, the
                  Trustee, the Backup Servicer, each Noteholder, each Note
                  Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and
                  employees from and against any taxes that may at any time be
                  asserted against any of such parties with respect to the
                  transactions contemplated in this Agreement and the other
                  Basic Documents, including, without limitation, any sales,
                  gross receipts, general corporation, tangible personal
                  property, privilege or license taxes (but not including any
                  federal or other income taxes, including franchise taxes
                  (other than as set forth in subparagraph (vi) below) asserted
                  with respect to, and as of the date of, the sale of the
                  Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to the Purchaser,
                  the pledge thereof to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note
                  Purchasers and the Noteholders or the issuance and original
                  sale of the Notes) and costs and expenses in defending against
                  the same.

                           (iii) The Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold
                  harmless the Purchaser, the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, each
                  Noteholder, each Note Purchaser and their respective officers,
                  directors, agents and employees from and against any and all
                  costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages, and liabilities to
                  the extent that such cost, expense, loss, claim, damage, or
                  liability arose out of, or was imposed upon the Purchaser, the
                  Trustee, the Backup Servicer, such Noteholder or such Note
                  Purchaser through the negligence, willful misfeasance or bad
                  faith of the Servicer in the performance of its obligations or
                  duties under this Agreement or by reason of reckless disregard
                  of its obligations or duties under this Agreement or as a
                  result of a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant
                  or other agreement made by the Servicer in this Agreement or
                  in any other Basic Document to which it is a party.

                                      -47-
<PAGE>

                           (iv) The Servicer shall indemnify, defend, and hold
                  harmless the Trustee and the Backup Servicer from and against
                  all costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages, and liabilities
                  arising out of or incurred in connection with the acceptance
                  or performance of the trusts and duties herein contained,
                  except to the extent that such cost, expense, loss, claim,
                  damage or liability: (A) shall be due to the willful
                  misfeasance, bad faith, or negligence (except for errors in
                  judgment) of the Trustee or the Backup Servicer, as applicable
                  or (B) relates to any tax other than the taxes with respect to
                  which the Servicer shall be required to indemnify the Trustee
                  or the Backup Servicer.

                           (v) The Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold
                  harmless the Purchaser, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee, each
                  Noteholder, each Note Purchaser and their respective officers,
                  directors, agents and employees from and against any and all
                  costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages and liabilities
                  arising out of or relating to the failure of a Receivable to
                  be serviced in compliance with all requirements of law,
                  including without limitation all Consumer Laws, and for any
                  breach of any of the Servicer's representations and
                  warranties, covenants or other agreements contained herein or
                  in any other Basic Document to which the Servicer is a party.

                           (vi) The Servicer, so long as CPS is the Servicer,
                  shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Purchaser, the
                  Trustee, the Backup Servicer, each Noteholder, each Note
                  Purchaser and their respective officers, directors, agents and
                  employees from and against any Texas Franchise Tax asserted
                  against any of such parties with respect to the transactions
                  contemplated in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents
                  and costs and expenses in defending against the same.

                  (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Servicer shall not be
         obligated to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless any Noteholder or any
         Note Purchaser for any losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred
         by such Noteholder or such Note Purchaser arising out of claims,
         complaints, actions and allegations relating to Section 406 of ERISA or
         Section 4975 of the Code as a result of the purchase or holding of any
         Note by such Noteholder or the Note Purchaser with the assets of a plan
         subject to such provisions of ERISA or the Code.

                  (c) For purposes of this SECTION 9.2, in the event of the
         termination of the rights and obligations of the Servicer (or any
         successor thereto pursuant to SECTION 9.3) as Servicer pursuant to
         SECTION 10.1, or a resignation by such Servicer pursuant to this
         Agreement, such Servicer shall be deemed to be the Servicer pending
         appointment of a successor Servicer pursuant to SECTION 10.2. The
         provisions of this SECTION 9.2(c) shall in no way affect the survival
         pursuant to SECTION 9.2(d) of the indemnification by the Servicer
         provided by SECTION 9.2(a).

                  (d) Indemnification under this SECTION 9.2 shall survive the
         termination of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents and any
         resignation or removal of CPS or any successor Servicer as Servicer and
         shall include reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and expenses of
         litigation. These indemnity obligations shall be in addition to any
         obligation that the Servicer may otherwise have under applicable law,
         hereunder or under any other Basic Document. If the Servicer shall have
         made any indemnity payments pursuant to this Section and the recipient
         thereafter collects any of such amounts from others, the recipient
         shall promptly repay such amounts to the Servicer, without interest.

         SECTION 9.3. MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION OF, OR ASSUMPTION OF THE
OBLIGATIONS OF THE SERVICER OR BACKUP SERVICER.

                  (a) The Servicer shall not merge or consolidate with any other
         Person, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its
         assets as an entirety to another Person, or permit any other Person to
         become the successor to the Servicer's business unless, after the
         merger, consolidation, conveyance, transfer, lease or succession, the
         successor or surviving entity shall be capable of fulfilling the duties
         of the Servicer contained in this Agreement and the other Basic
         Documents to which it is a party. Any corporation or other Person (i)
         into which the Servicer may be merged or consolidated, (ii) resulting
         from any merger or consolidation to which the Servicer shall be a
         party, (iii) which acquires by conveyance, transfer, or lease
         substantially all of the assets of the Servicer, or (iv) succeeding to
         the business of the Servicer, in any of the foregoing cases shall
         execute an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the


                                      -48-
<PAGE>

         Servicer under this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it
         is a party and, whether or not such assumption agreement is executed,
         shall be the successor to the Servicer under this Agreement and the
         other Basic Documents to which it is a party without the execution or
         filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the
         parties to this Agreement, anything in this Agreement to the contrary
         notwithstanding; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that nothing contained herein shall
         be deemed to release the Servicer from any obligation. The Servicer
         shall provide notice of any merger, consolidation or succession
         pursuant to this Section to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each
         Noteholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Servicer shall not merge
         or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to
         become a successor to the Servicer's business, unless (x) immediately
         after giving effect to such transaction, no representation or warranty
         made pursuant to SECTION 9.1 shall have been breached (for purposes
         hereof, such representations and warranties shall be deemed made as of
         the date of the consummation of such transaction) and no event that,
         after notice or lapse of time, or both, would become Event of Default
         shall have occurred and be continuing, (y) the Servicer shall have
         delivered to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder an
         Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such
         consolidation, merger or succession and such agreement of assumption
         comply with this Section and that all conditions precedent, if any,
         provided for in this Agreement relating to such transaction have been
         complied with, and (z) the Servicer shall have delivered to the
         Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder an Opinion of Counsel,
         stating in the opinion of such counsel, either (A) all financing
         statements and continuation statements and amendments thereto have been
         executed and filed that are necessary to preserve and protect the
         interest of the Purchaser and the Trustee for the benefit of the
         Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in the Opinion Collateral and
         reciting the details of the filings or (B) no such action shall be
         necessary to preserve and protect such interest.

                  (b) Any Person (i) into which the Backup Servicer (in its
         capacity as Backup Servicer or successor Servicer) may be merged or
         consolidated, (ii) resulting from any merger or consolidation to which
         the Backup Servicer shall be a party, (iii) which acquires by
         conveyance, transfer or lease substantially all of the assets of the
         Backup Servicer, or (iv) succeeding to the business of the Backup
         Servicer, in any of the foregoing cases shall execute an agreement of
         assumption to perform every obligation of the Backup Servicer under
         this Agreement and, whether or not such assumption agreement is
         executed, shall be the successor to the Backup Servicer under this
         Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further
         act on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement, anything in
         this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
         nothing contained herein shall be deemed to release the Backup Servicer
         from any obligation.

         SECTION 9.4. [RESERVED]

         SECTION 9.5. DELEGATION OF DUTIES. The Servicer may at any time
delegate duties under this Agreement to sub-contractors who are in the business
of servicing automotive receivables with the prior written consent of the
Controlling Note Purchaser (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld);
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no such delegation or subcontracting of duties by the
Servicer shall relieve the Servicer of its responsibility with respect to such
duties.

         SECTION 9.6. SERVICER AND BACKUP SERVICER NOT TO RESIGN. Subject to the
provisions of SECTION 9.3, neither the Servicer nor the Backup Servicer shall
resign from the obligations and duties imposed on it by this Agreement as
Servicer or Backup Servicer except (i) upon a determination that by reason of a
change in legal requirements the performance of its duties under this Agreement
would cause it to be in violation of such legal requirements in a manner which
would have a material adverse effect on the Servicer or the Backup Servicer, as
the case may be, and the Controlling Note Purchaser does not elect to waive the
obligations of the Servicer or the Backup Servicer, as the case may be, to
perform the duties which render it legally unable to act or to delegate those
duties to another Person or, (ii) in the case of the Backup Servicer, upon the
prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser. Any such determination
permitting the resignation of the Servicer or Backup Servicer pursuant to clause
(i) in the immediately preceding sentence shall be evidenced by an Opinion of
Counsel to such effect delivered and acceptable to the Trustee and the
Controlling Note Purchaser. No resignation of the Servicer shall become
effective until the Backup Servicer or an entity acceptable to the Controlling

                                      -49-
<PAGE>

Note Purchaser shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the
Servicer. No resignation of the Backup Servicer shall become effective until an
entity acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser shall have assumed the
responsibilities and obligations of the Backup Servicer; provided, however, that
in the event a successor Backup Servicer is not appointed within 60 days after
the Backup Servicer has given notice of its resignation and has provided the
Opinion of Counsel required by this SECTION 9.6, the Backup Servicer may
petition a court for its removal.

                                    ARTICLE X
                                    ---------

                                     DEFAULT
                                     -------

         SECTION 10.1. SERVICER TERMINATION EVENTS. For purposes of this
Agreement and the other Basic Documents, each of the following shall constitute
a "SERVICER TERMINATION EVENT":

                  (a) Any failure by the Servicer to deliver or cause to be
         delivered any proceeds or payment required to be so delivered under
         this Agreement or any other Basic Document within one (1) Business Day
         of the date when the same becomes due;

                  (b) Failure by the Servicer to deliver, or cause to be
         delivered, to each Noteholder, each Note Purchaser, the Trustee and the
         Backup Servicer, any Servicer's Certificate by the Determination Date
         prior to the related Settlement Date, which failure continues
         unremedied for a period of two (2) Business Days;

                  (c) Failure by the Servicer to perform or observe in any
         material respect any term, covenant, or agreement under this Agreement
         or any other Basic Document (other than any term, covenant or agreement
         referred to in another subparagraph of this SECTION 10.1), which
         failure materially and adversely affects the rights of the Controlling
         Note Purchaser or the Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class and is
         not cured within 30 calendar days after written notice is received by
         the Servicer from the Trustee, the Controlling Note Purchaser or a
         Noteholder of the Highest Priority Class or after discovery of such
         failure by a Responsible Officer of the Servicer;

                  (d) Any representation, warranty or statement of the Servicer
         made in this Agreement or any other Basic Document to which it is a
         party or any certificate, report or other writing delivered pursuant
         hereto or thereto shall prove to be incorrect in any material respect
         as of the time when the same shall have been made, and such
         incorrectness materially and adversely affects the rights of the
         Controlling Note Purchaser or the Noteholders of the Highest Priority
         Class and is not cured within 30 calendar days after written notice is
         received by the Servicer from the Trustee, the Controlling Note
         Purchaser or a Noteholder of the Highest Priority Class or after
         discovery of such failure by a Responsible Officer of the Servicer;

                  (e) An application is made by the Servicer for the appointment
         of a receiver, trustee or custodian for the Collateral, the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities, the Bear Cross Collateral or any other material
         assets of Purchaser or the Servicer; a petition under any section or
         chapter of the Bankruptcy Code or federal or State law or regulation
         shall be filed by the Servicer, or the Servicer shall make an
         assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or any case or proceeding
         shall be filed by the Servicer for its dissolution, liquidation, or
         termination; or the Servicer ceases to conduct its business;

                  (f) The Servicer is enjoined, restrained or prevented by court
         order from conducting all or any material part of its business affairs,
         or a petition under any section or chapter of the Bankruptcy Code or
         any similar federal or State law or regulation is filed against the
         Servicer, or any case or proceeding is filed against the Servicer, for
         its dissolution or liquidation, and such injunction, restraint,
         petition, case or proceeding is not dismissed within sixty (60) days
         after the entry of filing thereof;

                  (g) An Event of Default shall have occurred (so long as CPS is
         Servicer);

                                      -50-
<PAGE>

                  (h) The occurrence of any of the following trigger events: (i)
         the three-month rolling average Servicer Delinquency Ratio exceeds (A)
         6.00% during the Accrual Periods from April to September or (B) 6.50%
         during the Accrual Periods from October to March; or (ii) the Servicer
         Loss Ratio exceeds (A) 7.50% during the Accrual Periods from May to
         October or (B) 8.25% during the Accrual Periods from November to April;

                  (i) The Servicer fails to maintain minimum Consolidated Total
         Adjusted Equity of $60,000,000 as of the end of any fiscal quarter;

                  (j) The Servicer exceeds a maximum leverage ratio (total
         liabilities less all non-recourse debt/Consolidated Total Adjusted
         Equity) of six times as of the end of any fiscal quarter; and

                  (k) The Servicer fails to maintain cash and cash equivalents
         of at least $8.5 million as of the end of any calendar month.

         In the event that the Servicer, the Seller, the Issuer, the Purchaser
or the Trustee gains knowledge of the occurrence of a Servicer Termination
Event, the Servicer, the Seller, the Issuer, the Purchaser or the Trustee, as
applicable, shall promptly notify each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder in
writing of such occurrence; PROVIDED, THAT, the Servicer shall be deemed to
satisfy such obligation upon its delivery of an Officer's Certificate in
accordance with SECTION 4.10 hereof.

         SECTION 10.2. CONSEQUENCES OF A SERVICER TERMINATION EVENT OR
NON-EXTENSION OF TERM OF SERVICER. If a Servicer Termination Event shall occur
and be continuing, the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders
of the Highest Priority Class, by notice given in writing to the Backup
Servicer, each other Noteholder, each other Note Purchaser and the Servicer, may
terminate all of the rights and obligations of the Servicer under this
Agreement. The outgoing Servicer shall be entitled to its pro rata share of the
Servicing Fee for the number of days in the Accrual Period prior to the
effective date of its termination. On or after the receipt by the Servicer of
such written notice or upon non-extension of the servicing term as referred to
in SECTION 4.15, all authority, power, obligations and responsibilities of the
Servicer under this Agreement, whether with respect to the Notes or the
Receivables and Other Conveyed Property or otherwise, automatically shall pass
to, be vested in and become obligations and responsibilities of the Backup
Servicer (or such other successor Servicer appointed by the Controlling Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class under
SECTION 10.3); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the successor Servicer shall have no
liability with respect to any obligation which was required to be performed by
the outgoing Servicer prior to the date that the successor Servicer becomes the
Servicer or any claim of a third party based on any alleged action or inaction
of the outgoing Servicer, which obligations and claims shall remain those of the
outgoing Servicer. The successor Servicer is authorized and empowered by this
Agreement to execute and deliver, on behalf of the outgoing Servicer, as
attorney-in-fact or otherwise, any and all documents and other instruments and
to do or accomplish all other acts or things necessary or appropriate to effect
the purposes of such notice of termination, whether to complete the transfer and
endorsement of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property and related
documents to show the Purchaser as lienholder or secured party on the related
Lien Certificates, or otherwise. The outgoing Servicer agrees to cooperate with
the successor Servicer in effecting the termination of the responsibilities and
rights of the outgoing Servicer under this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the transfer to the successor Servicer for administration by it of
all cash amounts that shall at the time be held by the outgoing Servicer for
deposit, or have been deposited by the outgoing Servicer, in the Collection
Account or thereafter received with respect to the Receivables and the delivery
to the successor Servicer of all Receivable Files that shall at the time be held
by the outgoing Servicer and a computer tape in readable form as of the most
recent Business Day containing all information necessary to enable the successor
Servicer to service the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property. All
reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred in
connection with transferring any Receivable Files to the successor Servicer and
amending this Agreement to reflect such succession as Servicer pursuant to this
SECTION 10.2 shall be paid by the predecessor Servicer upon presentation of
reasonable documentation of such costs and expenses. In addition, any successor
Servicer shall be entitled to payment from the immediate predecessor Servicer
for reasonable transition expenses incurred in connection with acting as
successor Servicer, and to the extent not so paid, such payment shall be made
pursuant to SECTION 5.7 hereof. Upon receipt of notice of the occurrence of a
Servicer Termination Event or the non-extension of the Servicer's term, the

                                      -51-
<PAGE>

Trustee shall give notice thereof to each Noteholder and each Note Purchaser. If
requested by the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the
Highest Priority Class, the successor Servicer shall terminate the Lockbox
Agreement and direct the Obligors to make all payments under the Receivables
directly to the successor Servicer (in which event the successor Servicer shall
process such payments in accordance with SECTION 4.2(e)), or to a lockbox
established by the successor Servicer at the direction of the Controlling Note
Purchaser, at the successor Servicer's expense. The outgoing Servicer shall
grant the Trustee, the successor Servicer, each Note Purchaser and each
Noteholder reasonable access to the outgoing Servicer's premises at the outgoing
Servicer's expense.

         SECTION 10.3. APPOINTMENT OF SUCCESSOR.

                  (a) On and after the time the Servicer receives a notice of
         termination pursuant to SECTION 10.2, upon non-extension of the
         servicing term as referred to in SECTION 4.15, or upon the resignation
         of the Servicer pursuant to SECTION 9.6, the outgoing Servicer shall
         continue to perform its functions as Servicer under this Agreement, in
         the case of termination, only until the date specified in such
         termination notice or, if no such date is specified in a notice of
         termination, until receipt of such notice and, in the case of
         expiration and non-renewal of the term of the Servicer upon the
         expiration of such term, and, in the case of resignation, until (i) the
         later of (x) the date 45 days from the delivery to the Trustee of
         written notice of such resignation (or written confirmation of such
         notice) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (y) the date
         upon which the predecessor Servicer shall become unable to act as
         Servicer, as specified in the notice of resignation and accompanying
         Opinion of Counsel or (ii) such time as a successor Servicer shall
         assume all of the rights and obligations of the predecessor Servicer
         hereunder and under any other Basic Document; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
         the outgoing Servicer shall not be relieved of its duties, obligations
         and liabilities as Servicer until a successor Servicer has assumed such
         duties, obligations and liabilities. Notwithstanding the preceding
         sentence, if the Backup Servicer or any other successor Servicer shall
         not have assumed the duties, obligations and liabilities of the
         Servicer within 45 days of the termination, non-extension or
         resignation described in this SECTION 10.3, the outgoing Servicer may
         petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint any Eligible
         Servicer as the successor to the outgoing Servicer. Pending appointment
         as successor Servicer, the Backup Servicer (or such other Person as
         shall have been appointed by the Controlling Note Purchaser and the
         Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class) shall act as
         successor Servicer unless it is legally unable to do so, in which event
         the outgoing Servicer shall continue to act as Servicer until a
         successor has been appointed and accepted such appointment. In the
         event of termination of the Servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, National
         Association, as the Backup Servicer shall assume the obligations of
         Servicer hereunder on the date (the "ASSUMPTION Date") specified in the
         written notice delivered by the Trustee to the Backup Servicer and the
         Servicer pursuant to SECTION 10.2 or, in the event that the Controlling
         Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
         Class shall have determined that a Person other than the Backup
         Servicer shall be the successor Servicer in accordance with SECTION
         10.2, on the date of the execution of a written assumption agreement by
         such Person to serve as successor Servicer. Notwithstanding the Backup
         Servicer's assumption of, and its agreement to perform and observe, all
         duties, responsibilities and obligations of the Seller as Servicer, or
         any successor Servicer, under this Agreement arising on and after the
         Assumption Date, the Backup Servicer shall not be deemed to have
         assumed or to become liable for, or otherwise have any liability for
         any duties, responsibilities, obligations or liabilities of the Seller
         or any other Servicer arising on or before the Assumption Date, whether
         provided for by the terms of this Agreement, arising by operation of
         law or otherwise, including, without limitation, any liability for any
         duties, responsibilities, obligations or liabilities of the Seller or
         any other Servicer arising on or before the Assumption Date under
         SECTION 4.7 or 9.2 of this Agreement, regardless of when the liability,
         duty, responsibility or obligation of the Seller or any other Servicer
         therefor arose, whether provided by the terms of this Agreement,
         arising by operation of law or otherwise. Notwithstanding the above, if
         the Backup Servicer shall be legally unable or unwilling to act as
         Servicer, the Backup Servicer, the Trustee or the Controlling Note
         Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class
         may petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint any Eligible
         Servicer as the successor to the outgoing Servicer. Pending appointment
         pursuant to the preceding sentence, the Backup Servicer shall act as
         successor Servicer unless it is legally unable to do so, in which event
         the outgoing Servicer shall continue to act as Servicer until a
         successor has been appointed and accepted such appointment. Subject to
         SECTION 9.6, no provision of this Agreement shall be construed as
         relieving the Backup Servicer of its obligation to succeed as successor

                                      -52-
<PAGE>

         Servicer upon the termination of the Servicer pursuant to SECTION 10.2,
         the non-extension of the Servicer's term pursuant to SECTION 4.15 or
         the resignation of the Servicer pursuant to SECTION 9.6. If upon the
         termination of the Servicer pursuant to SECTION 10.2, the non-extension
         of the Servicer's term pursuant to SECTION 4.15 or the resignation of
         the Servicer pursuant to SECTION 9.6, the Controlling Note Purchaser
         and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class appoint a
         successor Servicer other than the Backup Servicer, the Backup Servicer
         shall not be relieved of its duties as Backup Servicer hereunder.

                  (b) Any successor Servicer shall be entitled to such
         compensation (whether payable out of the Collection Account or
         otherwise) as the outgoing Servicer would have been entitled to under
         this Agreement if the outgoing Servicer had not resigned or been
         terminated hereunder or had been renewed for an additional servicing
         term hereunder.

         SECTION 10.4. NOTIFICATION TO THE NOTEHOLDERS AND NOTE PURCHASERS. Upon
any termination of, or appointment of a successor to, the Servicer, the Trustee
shall give prompt written notice thereof to each Noteholder and each Note
Purchaser.

         SECTION 10.5. WAIVER OF PAST DEFAUlTS. The Controlling Note Purchaser
and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class may waive in writing
any default by the Servicer in the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and the consequences thereof. Upon any such waiver of a past default,
such default shall cease to exist, and any Servicer Termination Event arising
therefrom shall be deemed to have been remedied for every purpose of this
Agreement. No such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or
impair any right consequent thereto.

         SECTION 10.6. ACTION UPON CERTAIN FAILURES OF THE SERVICER. In the
event that the Trustee shall have knowledge of any failure of the Servicer
specified in SECTION 10.1 that would give rise to a right of termination under
such Section upon the Servicer's failure to remedy the same after notice, the
Trustee shall give notice thereof to the Servicer, each Note Purchaser and each
Noteholder. For all purposes of this Agreement (including, without limitation,
this SECTION 10.6), the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any
failure of the Servicer as specified in SECTIONS 10.1(c) through (h) unless
notified thereof in writing by the Servicer, any Note Purchaser or any
Noteholder. The Trustee shall be under no duty or obligation to investigate or
inquire as to any potential failure of the Servicer specified in SECTION 10.1.

         SECTION 10.7. CONTINUED ERRORS. Notwithstanding anything contained
herein to the contrary, if the Backup Servicer becomes successor Servicer it is
authorized to accept and rely on all of the accounting, records (including
computer records) and work of the prior Servicer relating to the Receivables
(collectively, the "PREDECESSOR SERVICER WORK PRODUCT") without any audit or
other examination thereof, and the Backup Servicer as successor Servicer shall
have no duty, responsibility, obligation or liability for the acts and omissions
of the prior Servicer. If any error, inaccuracy, omission or incorrect or
non-standard practice or procedure (collectively, "ERRORS") exist in any
Predecessor Servicer Work Product and such Errors make it materially more
difficult to service or should cause or materially contribute to the Backup
Servicer as successor Servicer making or continuing any Errors (collectively,
"CONTINUED ERRORS"), the Backup Servicer as successor Servicer shall have no
duty or responsibility for such Continued Errors; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the
Backup Servicer as successor Servicer agrees to use its best efforts to prevent
further Continued Errors. In the event that the Backup Servicer as successor
Servicer becomes aware of Errors or Continued Errors, the Backup Servicer as
successor Servicer shall, with the prior consent of the Controlling Note
Purchaser, use its best efforts to reconstruct and reconcile such data as is
commercially reasonable to correct such Errors and Continued Errors and to
prevent future Continued Errors. The Backup Servicer as successor Servicer shall
be entitled to recover its costs thereby expended in accordance with SECTIONS
5.7(a)(i) and 5.7(a)(ix) hereof.

                                      -53-
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE XI
                                   ----------

                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
                            ------------------------

         SECTION 11.1. AMENDMENT.

                  (a) This Agreement may not be waived, amended or otherwise
         modified except in a writing signed by the parties hereto, the
         Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
         Priority Class; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that, no such amendment shall,
         without the prior written consent of each Note Purchaser and each
         Noteholder, (i) modify or have the effect of modifying Sections 5.7 or
         5.8 or this SECTION 11.1 or (ii) eliminate or materially alter any
         party's delivery or notice obligations to the Noteholders; PROVIDED,
         FURTHER, that no such waiver, amendment or modification shall, without
         the prior written consent of the affected Note Purchaser and each
         Noteholder of a class of Notes affected thereby:

                           (i) change the date of payment of any installment of
                  principal of or interest on a class of Notes or any other
                  amount owed by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer or the
                  Seller under the Basic Documents, or reduce the Percentage
                  Interest of the Notes, the interest rate thereon, change the
                  provision of this Agreement relating to the application of
                  collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, the
                  Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities or, subject to
                  the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the
                  Bear Cross Collateral to payment of principal of or interest
                  on a class of Notes or any other amount owed by the Issuer,
                  the Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller under the Basic
                  Documents, or change any place of payment where, or the coin
                  or currency in which, a class of Notes or the interest thereon
                  or any other amount owed by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
                  Seller or the Servicer under the Basic Documents is payable;

                           (ii) impair the right to institute suit for the
                  enforcement of the provisions of this Agreement requiring the
                  application of funds available therefor, as provided in
                  SECTION 5.8, to the payment of any such amount due on a class
                  of Notes or any other amount owed by the Issuer, the
                  Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller under the Basic
                  Documents on or after the respective due dates thereof;

                           (iii) reduce the Percentage Interest, the consent of
                  the Holders of which is required for any such amendment,
                  waiver or modification, or eliminate the requirement that the
                  applicable Note Purchaser consent thereto, or the consent of
                  the Holders of which or the applicable Note Purchaser is
                  required for any waiver of compliance with certain provisions
                  of this Agreement or certain defaults hereunder and their
                  consequences provided for in this Agreement;

                           (iv) modify or alter the provisions of the proviso to
                  the definition of the term "OUTSTANDING";

                           (v) modify any provision of this Section or to
                  provide that certain additional provisions of this Agreement
                  or the other Basic Documents cannot be modified or waived
                  without the consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the
                  Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class; or

                           (vi) modify any of the provisions of this Agreement
                  in such manner as to affect the calculation of the amount or
                  timing of any payment of (x) interest or principal due on a
                  class of Notes on any Settlement Date (including the
                  calculation of any of the individual components of such
                  calculation) or (y) any amount due to any Note Purchaser from
                  the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller under
                  the Basic Documents.

         (b) Prior to the execution of any amendment, waiver or consent to this
Agreement the Trustee shall be entitled to receive and rely upon an Opinion of
Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment, waiver or consent is
authorized or permitted by this Agreement and the Opinion of Counsel referred to
in SECTION 11.2(i)(i).

                                      -54-
<PAGE>

                  (c) The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into
         any such amendment, waiver or consent which affects the Trustee's own
         rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement or otherwise.

                  (d) Upon the termination of CPS as Servicer and the
         appointment of the Backup Servicer as Servicer hereunder, all
         amendments to the terms of this Agreement specified in the Servicing
         Assumption Agreement shall become a part of this Agreement, as if this
         Agreement was amended to reflect such changes in accordance with this
         SECTION 11.1.

         SECTION 11.2. PROTECTION OF TITLE TO PROPERTY.

                  (a) The Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer or the Servicer or
         each of them shall authorize, execute (if necessary) and file such
         financing statements and cause to be authorized, executed (if
         necessary) and filed such continuation statements, all in such manner
         and in such places and take such other action as may be required by law
         fully to preserve, maintain and protect the interest of the Purchaser
         and the interests of (i) subject to the terms and provisions of the
         Intercreditor Agreement, the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders
         and the Note Purchasers in the Collateral and in the proceeds thereof,
         (ii) the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders in the
         Pledged Subordinate Securities and in the proceeds thereof, and (iii)
         subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the
         UBS Indenture Trustee in the Bear Cross Collateral and the proceeds
         thereof for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B
         noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents. The Seller shall deliver (or
         cause to be delivered) to each Noteholder, each Note Purchaser and the
         Trustee file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document
         filed as provided above, as soon as available following such filing.

                  (b) None of the Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer or the
         Servicer shall change its name, identity, jurisdiction of organization,
         form of organization or corporate structure in any manner that would,
         could or might make any financing statement or continuation statement
         filed in accordance with PARAGRAPH (A) above seriously misleading
         within the meaning of Section 9-506(a) of the UCC, unless it shall have
         given each Noteholder, each Note Purchaser and the Trustee at least
         thirty (30) days' prior written notice thereof and shall have promptly
         filed appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing
         statements or continuation statements. Promptly upon such filing, the
         Purchaser, the Seller, the Issuer or the Servicer, as the case may be,
         shall deliver an Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee, each Note
         Purchaser, each Noteholder and the UBS Indenture Trustee, in a form and
         substance reasonably satisfactory to the Controlling Note Purchaser,
         stating either (A) all financing statements and continuation statements
         have been authorized, executed and filed that are necessary fully to
         preserve and protect the interest of the Purchaser and (i) subject to
         the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Trustee
         for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in the
         Collateral and the proceeds thereof, (ii) the Class B Noteholders and
         the Class B Note Purchasers in the Pledged Subordinate Securities and
         the proceeds thereof, and (iii) subject to the terms and provisions of
         the Intercreditor Agreement, the UBS Indenture Trustee in the Bear
         Cross Collateral and the proceeds thereof for the benefit of the Class
         B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic
         Documents, and reciting the details of such filings or referring to
         prior Opinions of Counsel in which such details are given, or (B) no
         such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such interest.

                  (c) Each of the Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer and the
         Servicer shall have an obligation to give each Noteholder, each Note
         Purchaser and the Trustee at least 60 days' prior written notice of any
         relocation of its chief executive office or a change in its corporate
         structure, jurisdiction of organization or name and shall file
         amendments, continuation statements and new financing statements if, as
         a result of such relocation or change, the applicable provisions of the
         UCC would require the filing of any amendment of any previously filed
         financing or continuation statement or of any new financing statement
         to fully preserve and protect the interest of the Purchaser and (i)
         subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the
         Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in the
         Collateral and the proceeds thereof, (ii) the Class B Noteholders and
         the Class B Note Purchasers in the Pledged Subordinate Securities and
         the proceeds thereof, and (iii) subject to the terms and provisions of
         the Intercreditor Agreement, the UBS Indenture Trustee in the Bear
         Cross Collateral and the proceeds thereof for the benefit of the Class
         B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic
         Documents. The Servicer shall at all times be organized under the laws
         of the United States (or any State thereof) and maintain its chief
         executive office and jurisdiction of organization, within the United
         States of America.

                                      -55-
<PAGE>

                  (d) The Servicer shall maintain accounts and records as to
         each Receivable accurately and in sufficient detail to permit (i) the
         reader thereof to know at any time the status of such Receivable,
         including payments and recoveries made and payments owing (and the
         nature of each) and (ii) reconciliation between payments or recoveries
         on (or with respect to) each Receivable and the amounts from time to
         time deposited in the Collection Account in respect of such Receivable.

                  (e) The Servicer shall maintain its computer systems so that,
         from and after the time of sale under this Agreement of the Receivables
         and the Other Conveyed Property to the Purchaser, the Servicer's master
         computer records (including any backup archives) that refer to a
         Receivable shall indicate clearly the interest of the Purchaser in such
         Receivable and that such Receivable is owned by the Purchaser and
         pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the
         Noteholders. Indication of the Purchaser's and the Trustee's interest
         in a Receivable shall be deleted from or modified on the Servicer's
         computer systems when, and only when, the related Receivable shall have
         been paid in full or repurchased.

                  (f) If at any time the Seller or the Servicer shall propose to
         sell, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any interest
         in automotive receivables to any prospective purchaser, lender or other
         transferee, the Servicer shall give to such prospective purchaser,
         lender or other transferee computer tapes, records or printouts
         (including any restored from backup archives) that, if they shall refer
         in any manner whatsoever to any Receivable, shall indicate clearly that
         such Receivable has been sold and is owned by the Purchaser and pledged
         to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note
         Purchasers.

                  (g) The Servicer shall permit the Trustee, the Backup
         Servicer, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder and their respective
         agents upon reasonable notice and at any time during normal business
         hours to inspect, audit, and make copies of and abstracts from the
         Servicer's records regarding any Receivable.

                  (h) Upon request, the Servicer shall furnish to any Noteholder
         or any Note Purchaser or to the Trustee, within five Business Days, a
         list of all Receivables (by contract number and name of Obligor) then
         pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the
         Noteholders, together with a reconciliation of such list to the
         Schedule of Receivables and to each of the Servicer's Certificates
         furnished before such request indicating removal of Receivables from
         the lien of the Indenture.

                  (i) The Servicer shall deliver to each Note Purchaser, each
         Noteholder and the Trustee:

                           (i) promptly after the execution and delivery of this
                  Agreement and, if required pursuant to SECTION 11.1, of each
                  amendment, waiver, or consent, an Opinion of Counsel, in form
                  and substance satisfactory to the Controlling Note Purchaser
                  and (to the extent such Opinion of Counsel relates to Opinion
                  Collateral consisting of Pledged Subordinate Securities) the
                  Class B Note Purchasers and (to the extent such Opinion of
                  Counsel relates to Opinion Collateral consisting of Bear Cross
                  Collateral) the Class B note purchasers under the UBS Basic
                  Documents, stating that in the opinion of such counsel, either
                  (A) all financing statements and continuation statements have
                  been authorized, executed and filed that are necessary fully
                  to preserve and protect the interest of the Purchaser and the
                  Trustee for the benefit of the applicable Noteholders and the
                  applicable Note Purchasers in the Opinion Collateral, and
                  reciting the details of such filings or referring to a prior
                  Opinion of Counsel in which such details are given, or (B) no
                  such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such
                  interest; and

                           (ii) within 90 days after the beginning of each
                  calendar year beginning with the first calendar year beginning
                  more than three months after the Closing Date, an Opinion of
                  Counsel, dated as of a date during such 90-day period, stating
                  that, the opinion of such counsel, either (a) all financing
                  statements and continuation statement have been authorized,
                  executed and filed that are necessary fully to preserve and
                  protect the interest of the Purchaser and the Trustee for the

                                      -56-
<PAGE>

                  benefit of the applicable Noteholders and the applicable Note
                  Purchasers in the Receivables and the Opinion Collateral, and
                  reciting the details of such filings or referring to prior
                  Opinions of Counsel in which such details are given, or (b) no
                  such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such
                  interest.

         Each Opinion of Counsel referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above shall
specify any action necessary (as of the date of such opinion) to be taken in the
following year to preserve and protect such interest.

         Subject to SECTION 4.5, the Seller hereby authorizes the Controlling
Note Purchaser, the Trustee and their respective agents to file such financing
statements and continuation statements and take such other actions as the
Controlling Note Purchaser or the Trustee may deem advisable in connection with
the security interest granted by the Seller pursuant to SECTION 2.2 to the
extent permitted by applicable law. Any such financing statements and
continuation statements shall be prepared by the Issuer or the Controlling Note
Purchaser.

         SECTION 11.3. NOTICES. All demands, notices and communications upon or
to the Seller, the Backup Servicer, the Servicer, the Purchaser, the Trustee,
the Backup Servicer, any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder under this Agreement
shall be in writing, via facsimile (with telephonic confirmation of receipt),
personally delivered, or mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, and
shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt (a) in the case of the
Seller, to Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., 16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine,
CA 92618, Attention: General Counsel, Telecopy: (888) 577-7923; (b) in the case
of the Servicer, to Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., 16355 Laguna Canyon Road,
Irvine, CA 92618, Attention: General Counsel, Telecopy: (888) 577-7923; (c) in
the case of the Purchaser, to Page Three Funding LLC, 16355 Laguna Canyon Road,
Irvine, CA 92618, Attention: General Counsel, Telecopy: (888) 577-7923; (d) in
the case of the Trustee or the Backup Servicer at the Corporate Trust Office;
(e) in the case of the initial Class A Noteholder and the Class A Note
Purchaser, to Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., 383 Madison Ave., 10th Floor, New York,
New York, 10179; Attn: Clark MacKenzie; Telephone: 212-272-4076, Telecopy:
917-849-1151; with a copy to Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., 383 Madison Ave., 10th
Floor, New York, New York, 10179; Attn: Brant Brooks; Telephone: 212-272-6601,
Telecopy: 212-849-1126; (f) in the case of the initial Class B Noteholders and
the Class B Note Purchasers, to The Patriot Group, LLC, One Thorndal Circle,
Darien, CT 06820, Attention: Bruce Katz, Telecopy (203) 656-4483; and to
Waterfall Eden Fund, LP, 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 18th Floor, New York, NY
10036; Attention: Jack Ross; Telecopy: (212) 843-8909; and (g) in the case of
any subsequent Noteholders, at the address reflected on the Note Register. Any
Note Purchaser may deliver to the Noteholders any notices, reports, Servicer's
Certificates or any other documentation delivered to such Note Purchaser
hereunder or under any other Basic Document, but is under no obligation to so
deliver such documentation and shall not be liable for the content thereof. Any
notice so mailed within the time prescribed in this Agreement shall be
conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Noteholders or
Note Purchasers shall receive such notice.

         SECTION 11.4. ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
except as provided in SECTIONS 8.4, 9.3 and this SECTION 11.4 and as provided in
the provisions of this Agreement concerning the resignation of the Servicer,
this Agreement may not be assigned by the Purchaser, the Seller, the Issuer or
the Servicer without the prior written consent of the Trustee, the Backup
Servicer, the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the
Highest Priority Class; PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT, notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Issuer may pledge all of its right, title and interest herein to the Trustee
for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers without the prior
written consent of the Trustee, the Backup Servicer, the Controlling Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class.

         SECTION 11.5. LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS OF OTHERS. The provisions of this
Agreement are solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and for the benefit
of each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder as a third-party beneficiary. Except
as provided in the following sentence, nothing in this Agreement, whether
express or implied, shall be construed to give to any other Person any legal or
equitable right, remedy or claim in the Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate
Securities or the Bear Cross Collateral or under or in respect of this Agreement

                                      -57-
<PAGE>

or any covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, each of the UBS Indenture Trustee, each Class B note purchaser and
each Class B noteholder under the UBS Basic Documents shall be deemed to be a
third-party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement to the same extent as if
it was a party hereto, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreements.

         SECTION 11.6. SEVERABILITY. Any provision of this Agreement that is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

         SECTION 11.7. SEPARATE COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed by
the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and
delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument. Any signature page to this Agreement
containing a manual signature may be delivered by facsimile transmission or
other electronic communication device capable of transmitting or creating a
printable written record, and when so delivered shall have the effect of
delivery of an original manually signed signature page.

         SECTION 11.8. HEADINGS. The headings of the various Articles and
Sections herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not define or
limit any of the terms or provisions hereof.

         SECTION 11.9. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS
CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS
LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE
DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

         SECTION 11.10. ASSIGNMENT TO TRUSTEE. The Seller hereby acknowledges
and consents to any mortgage, pledge, assignment and grant of a security
interest by the Purchaser to the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture for the
benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers of all right, title and
interest of the Purchaser in, to and under the Receivables and Other Conveyed
Property and/or the assignment of any or all of the Purchaser's rights and
obligations hereunder to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the
Note Purchasers.

         SECTION 11.11. NONPETITION COVENANTS. Notwithstanding any prior
termination of this Agreement, the Servicer and the Seller shall not, prior to
the date which is one year and one day after the day upon which the outstanding
principal amount of each class of Notes has been reduced to zero, all Secured
Obligations and all other amounts due and payable to the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents have been paid in full, acquiesce,
petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Purchaser to invoke the process of any
court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case
against the Purchaser under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator or other similar official of the Purchaser or any substantial part
of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the
Purchaser.

                                      -58-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 11.12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF TRUSTEE. Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, this Agreement has been executed and
delivered by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, not in its individual
capacity but solely as Trustee and Backup Servicer and in no event shall Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association, have any liability for the representations,
warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations of the Purchaser
hereunder or in any of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered
pursuant hereto, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets
of the Purchaser.

         SECTION 11.13. INDEPENDENCE OF THE SERVICER. For all purposes of this
Agreement, the Servicer shall be an independent contractor and shall not be
subject to the supervision of the Purchaser, the Trustee and Backup Servicer
with respect to the manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its
obligations hereunder. Unless expressly authorized by this Agreement, the
Servicer shall have no authority to act for or represent the Purchaser in any
way and shall not otherwise be deemed an agent of the Purchaser.

         SECTION 11.14. NO JOINT VENTURE. Nothing contained in this Agreement
(i) shall constitute the Servicer and the Purchaser as members of any
partnership, joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated business or
other separate entity, (ii) shall be construed to impose any liability as such
on any of them or (iii) shall be deemed to confer on any of them any express,
implied or apparent authority to incur any obligation or liability on behalf of
the others, except as expressly provided in this Agreement and the other Basic
Documents.

         SECTION 11.15. SPECIAL SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT. If any party to this
Agreement is unable to sign any amendment or supplement due to its dissolution,
winding up or comparable circumstances, then the consent of the Controlling Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class shall be
sufficient to amend this Agreement without such party's signature.

         SECTION 11.16. FULL RECOURSE TO THE ISSUER AND THE PURCHASER. The
obligations of the Issuer and the Purchaser under this Agreement and the other
Basic Documents to which it is a party shall be full recourse obligations of the
Issuer and the Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no recourse shall be
had for the payment of any amount owing hereunder or for the payment of any fee
hereunder or any other obligation of, or claim against, the Issuer or the
Purchaser arising out of or based upon any provision herein or under any other
Basic Document, against any member, employee, officer, agent, director or
authorized person of the Issuer or the Purchaser or any Affiliate thereof except
as the Issuer or the Purchaser may have expressly agreed and except that any
such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided
by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital
contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the foregoing shall not relieve any such person or
entity of any liability they might otherwise have as a result of fraudulent
actions or omissions taken by them. Nothing contained in this Section shall
limit or be deemed to limit any obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
Seller or the Servicer hereunder or under any other Basic Document, which
obligations are full recourse obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
Seller and the Servicer, respectively.

         SECTION 11.17. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF ROLES. The parties expressly
acknowledge and consent to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association acting in the
multiple capacities of Backup Servicer and Trustee. The parties agree that Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association in such multiple capacities shall not be
subject to any claim, defense or liability arising from its performance in any
such capacity based on conflict of interest principles, duty of loyalty

                                      -59-
<PAGE>

principles or other breach of fiduciary duties to the extent that any such
conflict or breach arises from the performance by Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association of any other such capacity or capacities in accordance with this
Agreement or any other Basic Documents to which it is a party.

         SECTION 11.18. TERMINATION. Except as otherwise provided herein, the
respective obligations and responsibilities of the Seller, the Purchaser, the
Issuer, the Servicer, the Backup Servicer and the Trustee created hereby shall
terminate on the Termination Date; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, in any case there shall be
delivered to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder an Opinion of
Counsel that all applicable preference periods under federal, State and local
bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws have expired with respect to the
payments pursuant to this SECTION 11.18. The Servicer shall promptly notify the
Trustee, the Seller, the Issuer, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder of any
prospective termination pursuant to this SECTION 11.18.

         SECTION 11.19. SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR
PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO
CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY
OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE
GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, OR ANY LEGAL PROCESS WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR
ANY OF ITS PROPERTY, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY
ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY
OTHER BASIC DOCUMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT RELATED HERETO OR THERETO. EACH OF THE
PARTIES HERETO WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER
PROCESS, WHICH MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY NEW YORK LAW.

         SECTION 11.20. WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH WAIVE
THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED
UPON OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER BASIC DOCUMENT OR
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR
OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY,
WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS OR OTHERWISE. THE PARTIES
HERETO EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A
COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER
AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF
THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN
WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT,
ANY OTHER BASIC DOCUMENT OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF OR THEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL
APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER BASIC DOCUMENT.

         SECTION 11.21. PROCESS AGENT. Each of the Purchaser, Seller, Servicer
and Trustee agrees that the process by which any proceedings in the State of New
York are begun may be served on it by being delivered by certified mail at the
chief executive office or corporate trust office, as applicable, or at its
registered office for the time being. If such person is not or ceases to be
effectively appointed to accept service of process on the Purchaser's, Seller's,
Servicer's or Trustee's behalf, the Purchaser, Seller, Servicer or Trustee, as
applicable, shall, on the written demand of the process agent, appoint a further
person in the State of New York to accept service of process on its behalf and,
failing such appointment within 15 days, the process agent shall be entitled to
appoint such a person by written notice to the Purchaser, Seller, Servicer or
Trustee, as applicable. Nothing in this sub-clause shall affect the right of the
process agent to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

                                      -60-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 11.22. SET-OFF

                  (a) Each of the Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer and the
         Servicer agrees that it shall have no right of set-off or banker's lien
         against, and no right to otherwise deduct from, any funds held in any
         account described herein or in the Basic Documents for any amount owed
         to it by any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder.

                  (b) In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under
         applicable law and not by way of limitation of such rights, during the
         continuance of any Event of Default hereunder:

                           (i) each Note Purchaser is hereby authorized at any
                  time and from time to time, without notice to the Purchaser or
                  the Issuer, such notice being hereby expressly waived, to
                  set-off any obligation owing by such Note Purchaser or any of
                  its Affiliates to the Purchaser or the Issuer, or against any
                  funds or other property of the Purchaser or the Issuer, held
                  by or otherwise in the possession of such Note Purchaser or
                  any of its Affiliates, the respective obligations of the
                  Purchaser or the Issuer to such Note Purchaser under this
                  Agreement and the other Basic Documents and irrespective of
                  whether or not such Note Purchaser shall have made any demand
                  hereunder or thereunder; provided that if a Class B Note
                  Purchaser elects to exercise its right of set-off pursuant to
                  this clause (i) at any time that it is not the Controlling
                  Note Purchaser, such Class B Note Purchaser shall pay the
                  amount of any such set-off to the Trustee for deposit into the
                  Collection Account for application pursuant to Section 5.7
                  hereof; and

                           (ii) each Note Purchaser is hereby authorized at any
                  time and from time to time, without notice to the Seller or
                  the Servicer, such notice being hereby expressly waived, to
                  set-off any obligation owing by such Note Purchaser or any of
                  its Affiliates to the Seller or the Servicer, or against any
                  funds or other property of the Seller or the Servicer held by
                  or otherwise in the possession of such Note Purchaser or any
                  of its Affiliates, the respective obligations of the Seller or
                  the Servicer to such Note Purchaser under this Agreement and
                  the other Basic Documents and irrespective of whether or not
                  such Note Purchaser shall have made any demand hereunder or
                  thereunder; provided that if a Class B Note Purchaser elects
                  to exercise its right of set-off pursuant to this clause (ii)
                  at any time that it is not the Controlling Note Purchaser,
                  such Class B Note Purchaser shall pay the amount of any such
                  set-off to the Trustee for deposit into the Collection Account
                  for application pursuant to Section 5.7 hereof.

         SECTION 11.23. NO WAIVER; CUMULATIVE REMEDIES. No failure to exercise
and no delay in exercising any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder,
shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further
exercise hereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.
The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and
not exhaustive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.

         SECTION 11.24. MERGER AND INTEGRATION. Except as specifically stated
otherwise herein, this Agreement and the other Basic Documents sets forth the
entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and
all prior understandings, written or oral, are superseded by this Agreement and
the other Basic Documents. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, waived
or supplemented except as provided herein.

         SECTION 11.25. INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT TO CONTROL. The rights,
obligations and remedies of the parties to this Agreement and under the other
Basic Documents are subject in all respects to the terms and provisions of the
Intercreditor Agreements; provided, however that to the extent such rights,
obligations and remedies relate to the UBS Cross Collateral, such rights,
obligations and remedies are subject in all respects to the terms and provisions
of the UBS Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the

                                      -61-
<PAGE>

terms of this Agreement or any other Basic Document and the Intercreditor
Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement shall control. In addition, in the event
of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement or any other Basic Document
and the UBS Intercreditor Agreement that relates to the UBS Cross Collateral,
the UBS Intercreditor Agreement shall control..

         SECTION 11.26. CONTROLLING NOTE PURCHASER; MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS OF
HIGHEST PRIORITY CLASS. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or
the other Basic Documents to the contrary, in taking or refraining from taking
any action with respect to this Agreement or any other Basic Document, (i) the
Class A Note Purchaser, when acting as Controlling Note Purchaser, will be
acting solely for its own benefit, and (ii) any Class A Noteholder, when acting
as one of the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, shall be
acting solely for its own benefit, and in each case not as agent, fiduciary or
in any other capacity on behalf of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the
Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B Noteholder or any other
Person. The interests of the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders
may be adverse to the interests of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the
Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders (or any of
them), and the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders are not
obligated to consider the interests of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller,
the Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B Noteholder or any other
Person in taking or refraining from taking any action under this Agreement or
any other Basic Document (including without limitation making any determination
of Market Value, making any determination of market value of Pledged Subordinate
Securities, determining whether or not to extend the Servicer's term, declaring
an Event of Default, declaring a Class A Funding Termination Event, declaring a
Servicer Termination Event, agreeing to any amendments to or waivers under any
Basic Document, accelerating the Class A Notes or exercising any other rights or
remedies under any Basic Document or applicable law). Accordingly, any action
taken or omitted by the Class A Note Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder under
this Agreement or any other Basic Document may not be in the interests of, and
may be directly adverse to the interests of, the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
Seller, the Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders
(or any of them). In addition, except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement or the other Basic Documents, the Class A Note Purchaser or any Class
A Noteholder may waive or modify the terms of this Agreement or any other Basic
Document from time to time without the consent of any Class B Note Purchaser or
any Class B Noteholder, and shall, if an Event of Default, a Class A Funding
Termination Event or a Servicer Termination Event shall occur, have the sole and
absolute discretion to exercise rights and remedies under the Basic Documents
(except with respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities, the UBS Cross
Collateral (subject to the UBS Intercreditor Agreement) and the Class B
Available Funds), including without limitation to terminate the Servicer and/or
to cause an acceleration of the Class A Notes and the liquidation of the
Collateral, in each case without regard to the interests of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B
Noteholder or any other Person. The Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the
Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders hereby waive
any and all conflicts of interest (if any) that may arise in respect of the
exercise of any such rights or remedies by the Class A Note Purchaser or any
Class A Noteholder.

                                      -62-
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of
the day and the year first above written.

                              PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC, as Purchaser and Issuer

                              By:________________________________________
                              Name:
                              Title:



                              CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC., as
                              Seller and Servicer

                              By:________________________________________
                              Name:
                              Title:



                              WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its
                              individual capacity, but solely as Backup Servicer
                              and Trustee

                              By:________________________________________
                              Name:
                              Title:

                                      -63-
<PAGE>

                             ANNEX A---DEFINED TERMS


                  "ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENT" means that Deposit Account Control
Agreement dated as of November 15, 2005, by and among CPS, the Note Purchaser
and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as amended by Amendment No. 1
thereto dated as of January 12, 2007, by and among CPS, the Note Purchasers and
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as such agreement may be further
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with
the terms thereof.

                  "ACCOUNTING DATE" means, with respect to any Determination
Date, the close of business on the day immediately preceding such Determination
Date.

                  "ACCOUNTANTS' REPORT" means the report of a firm of nationally
recognized independent accountants described in SECTION 4.11 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

                  "ACCRUAL PERIOD" means a calendar month; provided that the
initial Accrual Period for the Class A Notes shall be the period from and
including the day after the Cutoff Date for the initial Class A Funding Date to
and including December 14, 2005, and the initial Accrual Period for the Class B
Notes shall be the period from and including the day after the Cutoff Date for
the initial Class B Funding Date to and including February 15, 2007.

                  "ACT" has the meaning specified in SECTION 11.3 of the
Indenture.

                  "ADDITIONAL CLASS B COLLATERAL" means, collectively, the
collateral granted pursuant to Granting Clause II of the Indenture and Granting
Clause III of the UBS Indenture.

                  "ADDITION NOTICE" means, with respect to any transfer of
Receivables to the Purchaser pursuant to SECTION 2.1 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, notice of the Seller's election to transfer Receivables to the
Purchaser, such notice to designate the related Funding Date and the aggregate
principal amount of Receivables to be transferred on such Funding Date,
substantially in the form of EXHIBIT G to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "ADVANCE" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, a Class A
Advance and with respect to the Class B Notes, a Class B Advance.

                  "ADVANCE AMOUNT" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the
Class A Advance Amount and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B
Advance Amount.

                  "AFFILIATE" of any Person means any Person who directly or
indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under direct or indirect common
control with such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term "CONTROL"
when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management
and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms
"controlling", "CONTROLLED BY" and "UNDER COMMON CONTROL WITH" have meanings
correlative to the foregoing. In addition, for purposes of this definition, any
fund or investment vehicle, whether existing as of the Class B Closing Date or
thereafter formed, which is managed by any Person, shall be deemed to by an
"Affiliate" of such Person.

                  "AMOUNT FINANCED" means, with respect to a Receivable, the
aggregate amount advanced under such Receivable toward the purchase price of the
Financed Vehicle and any related costs, including amounts advanced in respect of
accessories, insurance premiums, service and warranty contracts, other items
customarily financed as part of a Contract, and related costs.

                  "ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATE" or "APR" of a Receivable means the
annual percentage rate of finance charges or service charges, as stated in the
related Contract.

                  "ASSIGNMENT" means an assignment from the Seller to the
Purchaser with respect to the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property to be
conveyed by the Seller to the Purchaser on any Funding Date, in substantially
the form of EXHIBIT F to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                                      -64-
<PAGE>

                  "ASSUMPTION DATE" has the meaning set forth in SECTION 10.3(A)
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "AUTHORIZED OFFICER" means, with respect to the Servicer or
the Issuer, any officer or agent acting pursuant to a power of attorney of the
Servicer or the Issuer, as the case may be, who is authorized to act therefor
and who is identified on the list of Authorized Officers delivered by such
Person to the Trustee and each Note Purchaser on the Class B Closing Date (as
such list may be modified or supplemented from time to time thereafter).

                  "AVAILABLE FUNDS" means, for each Settlement Date, the sum of
the following amounts with respect to the preceding Accrual Period, without
duplication: (i) all collections on the Receivables; (ii) all Net Liquidation
Proceeds received during such Accrual Period with respect to Liquidated
Receivables; (iii) the Purchase Amount of each Receivable repurchased by the
Seller or the Purchaser during such Accrual Period; (iv) Investment Earnings in
respect of Available Funds for the related Settlement Date; (v) all amounts
received during such Accrual Period pursuant to Receivable Insurance Policies
with respect to any Financed Vehicles; (vi) cash received from a Class A Margin
Call and/or a Class B Margin Call; (vii) any amounts received during such
Accrual Period (including, without limitation, all proceeds from any
Securitization Transaction) in respect of Collateral that is released from the
Lien Granted by Granting Clause I and Granting Clause III of the Indenture in
connection with an optional prepayment of a class of Notes in accordance with
Section 10.1 of the Indenture; and (viii) any amounts received during such
Accrual Period from a Class B Note Purchaser pursuant to Section 11.22(b) of the
Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                   "BACKUP SERVICER" means Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association in its capacity as Backup Servicer pursuant to the terms of the
Servicing Assumption Agreement or such Person as shall have been appointed
Backup Servicer pursuant to Section 9.3(b) or 9.6 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

                  "BACKUP SERVICING FEE" means (A) the fee payable to the Backup
Servicer so long as the Seller or any successor Servicer (other than the Backup
Servicer) is the Servicer, on each Settlement Date in the amount equal to $1,800
per monthly data transmission received by the Backup Servicer pursuant to
Section 4.14 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and (B) any other amounts
payable to the Backup Servicer pursuant to the Fee Schedule.

                  "BANKRUPTCY CODE" means the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as
amended from time to time, and as codified as 11 U.S.C. Section 101 ET SEQ.

                  "BASIC DOCUMENTS" means the Notes, the Indenture, the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, the Lockbox Agreement, each Note Purchase Agreement, the
LLC Agreement, each Assignment, the Pledge Agreement, the Servicing Assumption
Agreement, the Consent and Agreement, the Servicer Termination Side Letter, the
Account Control Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the UBS Intercreditor
Agreement and other documents and certificates delivered in connection
therewith.

                  "BEAR CROSS COLLATERAL" has the meaning specified in Granting
Clause III of the Indenture.

                  "BEAR STEARNS WAREHOUSE FACILITY" means the transactions
contemplated by the Basic Documents.

                  "BORROWING BASE" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the
Class A Borrowing Base and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B
Borrowing Base.

                  "BORROWING BASE DEFICIENCY" means, with respect to the Class A
Notes, a Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency and with respect to the Class B
Notes, a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency.

                  "BUSINESS DAY" means any (i) day other than a Saturday, a
Sunday or other day on which commercial banks located in the states of
Minnesota, California or New York are authorized or obligated to be closed and
(ii) if the applicable Business Day relates to the determination of LIBOR, a day
which is a day for trading by and between banks in the London interbank
eurodollar market.

                                      -65-
<PAGE>

                  "CASUALTY" means, with respect to a Financed Vehicle, the
total loss or destruction of such Financed Vehicle.

                  "CHANGE OF CONTROL" means a change resulting when (i) the
Seller no longer owns 100% of the membership interests in the Purchaser, (ii)
the Seller or the Purchaser merges or consolidates with, or sells all or
substantially all of its assets to any other Person, or (iii) any Unrelated
Person or any Unrelated Persons, acting together, that would constitute a Group
together with any Affiliates or Related Persons thereof (in each case also
constituting Unrelated Persons) shall at any time Beneficially Own more than 50%
of the aggregate voting power of all classes of Voting Stock of the Seller. As
used herein, (a) "Beneficially Own" shall mean "beneficially own" as defined in
Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision thereto; provided,
however, that, for purposes of this definition, a Person shall not be deemed to
Beneficially Own securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made
by or on behalf of such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates until such
tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange; (b) "Group" shall
mean a "group" for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act; (c) "Unrelated
Person" shall mean at any time any Person other than the Seller or any of its
Subsidiaries and other than any trust for any employee benefit plan of the
Seller or any of its Subsidiaries; (d) "Related Person" shall mean any other
Person owning (1) 5% or more of the outstanding common stock of such Person, or
(2) 5% or more of the Voting Stock of such Person; and (e) "Voting Stock" of any
Person shall mean the capital stock or other indicia of equity rights of such
Person which at the time has the power to vote for the election of one or more
members of the Board of Directors (or other governing body) of such Person.

                  "CLASS A ADVANCE" has the meaning assigned to the term
"Advance" in paragraph 4 of the recitals to the Class A Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS A ADVANCE AMOUNT" means, as of any Class A Funding
Date, an amount not less than $2,000,000 and not more than the lesser of (i) the
excess of the Class A Maximum Invested Amount over the Class A Invested Amount
as of such Class A Funding Date and (ii) the excess of the Class A Borrowing
Base over the Class A Invested Amount as of such Class A Funding Date.

                  "CLASS A ADVANCE RATE" means 83%.

                  "CLASS A ADVANCE REQUEST" has the meaning given to such term
in Section 2.03(a) of the Class A Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS A APPLICABLE MARGIN" means 2.00%; provided that on any
day on which an Event of Default shall exist, the Class A Applicable Margin
shall be the Class A Default Applicable Margin.

                  "CLASS A BORROWING BASE" means, as of any date of
determination, an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the excess of (I) 98% of the
Market Value over (II) the Net Class B Invested Amount, (B) the excess of (I)
the product of (a) the Net Eligible Receivables Balance and (b) the Maximum
Advance Rate over (II) the Net Class B Invested Amount, (C) 88% of the Market
Value, and (D) the product of (a) the Class A Advance Rate and (b) the Net
Eligible Receivables Balance.

                   "CLASS A BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE" means, with respect to
any transfer of Receivables, the certificate of the Servicer setting forth the
calculation of the Class A Borrowing Base, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT
A to the Class A Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS A BORROWING BASE DEFICIENCY" means, as of any date of
determination, the positive excess, if any, of the Class A Invested Amount over
the Class A Borrowing Base, after application of funds, if any, by the Trustee
in reduction of the Class A Invested Amount as contemplated by Section 3.05 of
the Class A Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS A CLOSING DATE" means November 15, 2005.

                                      -66-
<PAGE>

                  "CLASS A COMMITMENT" means the obligation of the Class A Note
Purchaser to make Class A Advances to the Issuer pursuant to the terms and
subject to the conditions of the Class A Note Purchase Agreement and the other
Basic Documents, which obligation shall be deemed terminated following the
occurrence and continuance of a Class A Funding Termination Event if any and all
amounts due to the Class A Note Purchaser and/or the Class A Noteholders
pursuant to the Basic Documents have been paid in full.

                  "CLASS A COMMITMENT FEE" means, with respect to any Settlement
Date, for so long as no Funding Termination Event shall have occurred and be
continuing, a fee in an amount equal to the product of (a) a fraction, the
numerator of which is the actual number of days elapsed in the related Accrual
Period and the denominator of which is 360, (b) twenty-five basis point (0.25%)
and (c) the excess, if any, of (i) the Class A Maximum Invested Amount over (ii)
the daily average of the Class A Invested Amount for the immediately preceding
Accrual Period set forth in the related Servicer's Certificate as and to the
extent verified by the Class A Note Purchaser.

                  "CLASS A DEFAULT APPLICABLE MARGIN" means 4.00%.

                  "CLASS A FACILITY TERMINATION DATE" means the earlier of (a)
the Class A Scheduled Maturity Date or (b) the date of the occurrence of an
Event of Default.

                  "CLASS A FUNDING DATE" means the Business Day on which a Class
A Advance occurs.

                  "CLASS A FUNDING TERMINATION EVENT" means the occurrence and
continuance of any one of the following events, unless waived in writing by the
Class A Note Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion: (i) an Event of
Default; (ii) CPS is terminated as servicer under any other warehouse financing
facility or term securitization transaction (other than any warehouse financing
facility or term securitization transaction as to which the receivables related
thereto were originated exclusively by SeaWest, TFC or MFN); (iii) failure by
the Issuer or the Servicer to accept a proposed assignee in accordance with
Section 8.03(c)(iii) of the Class A Note Purchase Agreement or (iv) Charles
Bradley, Jr. shall not hold the position of President of CPS.

                  "CLASS A HOLDERS" or "CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS" means the Persons
in whose name the Class A Notes are registered on the Note Register, which on
the Class B Closing Date shall be Bear Stearns Securities Corp. or an Affiliate
thereof.

                  "CLASS A INITIAL ADVANCE" means the first Class A Advance that
is funded on or after the Closing Date.

                  "CLASS A INVESTED AMOUNT" means, with respect to any date of
determination, the aggregate principal amount (including all Class A Advance
Amounts as of such date) of the Class A Notes at such date of determination.

                  "CLASS A MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS" means Holders of Class A Notes
that in the aggregate constitute more than 50% of the Percentage Interests of
all Class A Notes.

                  "CLASS A MARGIN CALL" has the meaning given to such term in
Section 3.05(c) of the Class A Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS A MAXIMUM INVESTED AMOUNT" means  $200,000,000.

                  "CLASS A NOTES" means the Floating Rate Variable Funding
Notes, Class A, each substantially in the form set forth in EXHIBIT A-1 to the
Indenture.

                  "CLASS A NOTE INTEREST RATE" means for any day during any
Interest Period the sum of (i) LIBOR calculated as of the related LIBOR
Determination Date and (ii) the Class A Applicable Margin for such day;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Class A Note Interest Rate will in no event be
higher than the maximum rate permitted by law.

                                      -67-
<PAGE>

                  "CLASS A NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT" means the Amended and
Restated Note Purchase Agreement dated as of January 12, 2007 among Bear,
Stearns & Co. Inc., the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer, as
the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof.

                  "CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER" means Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. and
its successors and permitted assigns.

                  "CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS' INTEREST CARRYOVER SHORTFALL" means,
with respect to any Settlement Date, the excess of the Class A Noteholders'
Interest Distributable Amount for the preceding Settlement Date over the amount
that was actually deposited in the Note Distribution Account on such preceding
Settlement Date on account of the Class A Noteholders' Interest Distributable
Amount.

                  "CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS' INTEREST DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT" means,
with respect to any Settlement Date, the sum of the Class A Noteholders' Monthly
Interest Distributable Amount for such Settlement Date and the Class A
Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall for such Settlement Date, if any, plus
interest on the Class A Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall, to the extent
permitted by law, at the Class A Note Interest Rate for the related Interest
Period(s), from and including the preceding Settlement Date to, but excluding,
the current Settlement Date.

                  "CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS' MONTHLY INTEREST DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT"
means, with respect to any Settlement Date, the sum of the interest amounts
accrued on the Class A Notes on each day during the related Interest Period. The
interest amount accrued on the Class A Notes on any day during any Interest
Period shall equal the product of (i) the Class A Note Interest Rate for such
day and (ii) the Class A Invested Amount on such day and (iii) 1/360.

                  "CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS' PRINCIPAL DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT" means,
with respect to any Settlement Date (A) prior to the Class A Facility
Termination Date, the Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency, if any, and (B) upon
and after the Class A Facility Termination Date, the Class A Invested Amount.

                  "CLASS A SCHEDULED MATURITY DATE" means November 8, 2007 or
such later date as agreed upon pursuant to SECTION 2.05 of the Class A Note
Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS A TERM" has the meaning given to such term in SECTION
2.05 of the Class A Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS B ADVANCE" has the meaning set forth in paragraph 4 of
the recitals to the Class B Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS B ADVANCE AMOUNT" means, as of any Class B Funding
Date, an amount not less than $250,000 and not more than the lesser of (i) the
excess of the Class B Maximum Invested Amount over the Class B Invested Amount
as of such Class B Funding Date and (ii) the excess of the Class B Borrowing
Base over the Class B Invested Amount as of such Class B Funding Date.

                  "CLASS B ADVANCE REQUEST" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.03(a) of the Class B Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS B APPLICABLE MARGIN" means 5.50%; provided that on any
day on which an Event of Default shall exist, the Class B Applicable Margin
shall be the Class B Default Applicable Margin.

                  "CLASS B AVAILABLE FUNDS" means, for each Settlement Date, (i)
all amounts collected during the related Accrual Period in respect of the
Additional Class B Collateral; (ii) Investment Earnings in respect of Class B
Available Funds for the related Settlement Date; (iii) any amounts received
during the related Accrual Period in respect of Additional Class B Collateral
that are released from the Lien Granted by Granting Clause II of the Indenture
in connection with an optional prepayment of the Class B Notes in accordance
with Section 10.1 of the Indenture, (iv) any amounts received during the related
Accrual Period in respect of UBS Cross Collateral that is released from the Lien
Granted by Granting Clause III of the UBS Indenture in connection with an

                                      -68-
<PAGE>

optional prepayment of the Class B notes issued pursuant to the UBS Indenture in
accordance with Section 10.1 thereof; and (v) any Pre-Funding Proceeds deposited
by the Issuer into the Collection Account pursuant to Section 10.1 of the
Indenture.

                  "CLASS B BORROWING BASE" means, as of any date of
determination, an amount equal to the sum of (1) the lesser of (A) the excess of
(I) 96% of the Market Value over (II) the Class A Invested Amount and (B) the
excess of (I) the product of (a) the Net Eligible Receivables Balance and (b)
the Maximum Advance Rate over (II) the Class A Invested Amount, and (2) 50% of
the market value (as determined by the lead placement agent of the related
Securitization Transaction) of any Pledged Subordinate Securities (excluding,
for purposes of such calculation, any Pledged Subordinate Securities that
constitute residual interest securities); provided, however, that for purposes
of this definition, the market value of any Pledged Subordinate Securities shall
be deemed to equal zero from and after 31 days after the related Securitization
Closing Date, and the Pledged Subordinate Securities shall only support the
Class B Advances in respect of Receivables that have been sold into the related
Securitization Transaction.

                  "CLASS B BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE" means, with respect to
any transfer of Receivables, the certificate of the Servicer setting forth the
calculation of the Class B Borrowing Base, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT
A to the Class B Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS B BORROWING BASE DEFICIENCY" means, as of any date of
determination, the positive excess, if any, of the Class B Invested Amount over
the Class B Borrowing Base, after application of funds, if any, by the Trustee
in reduction of the Class B Invested Amount as contemplated by Section 3.05 of
the Class B Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS B CLOSING DATE" means January 12, 2007.

                  "CLASS B COMMITMENT" means the collective obligation of the
Class B Note Purchasers to make their respective pro rata portion of the Class B
Advances to the Issuer pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of
the Class B Note Purchase Agreement and the other Basic Documents.

                  "CLASS B COMMITMENT FEE" means (I) with respect to any
Settlement Date occurring prior to the UBS Warehouse Facility Amendment Date,
for so long as no Funding Termination Event shall have occurred and be
continuing, a fee in an amount equal to the product of (a) a fraction, the
numerator of which is the actual number of days elapsed in the related Accrual
Period and the denominator of which is 360, (b) fifty basis points (0.50%) and
(c) the excess, if any, of (i) the Class B Maximum Invested Amount over (ii) the
greater of (1) $6,250,000 and (2) the daily average of the Class B Invested
Amount for the immediately preceding Accrual Period set forth in the related
Servicer's Certificate as and to the extent verified by each Class B Note
Purchaser; and (II) with respect to any Settlement Date occurring from and after
the UBS Warehouse Facility Amendment Date, for so long as no Funding Termination
Event shall have occurred and be continuing, a fee in an amount equal to the
product of (a) a fraction, the numerator of which is the actual number of days
elapsed in the related Accrual Period and the denominator of which is 360, (b)
twenty-five basis points (0.25%) and (c) the excess, if any, of (i) the Class B
Maximum Invested Amount over (ii) the greater of (1) $3,125,000 and (2) the
daily average of the Class B Invested Amount for the immediately preceding
Accrual Period set forth in the related Servicer's Certificate as and to the
extent verified by each Class B Note Purchaser.

                  "CLASS B DEFAULT" means any occurrence that is, or with notice
or the lapse of time or both would become, a Class B Event of Default.

                  "CLASS B DEFAULT APPLICABLE MARGIN" means 7.50%.

                  "CLASS B EVENT OF DEFAULT" means (i) a default in the payment
of any interest or principal on the Class B Notes or any other amount due with
respect to the Class B Notes or any amount due to any Class B Note Purchaser
under any Basic Document when the same becomes due and payable, which default
continues for a period of one (1) Business Day, (ii) the occurrence and
continuance of a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency that is not cured within one
(1) Business Day, (iii) the Trustee shall for any reason cease to have a first

                                      -69-
<PAGE>

priority perfected security interest in the Pledged Subordinate Securities for
the benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers, (iv) the
Trustee shall for any reason cease to have a second priority perfected security
interest in the UBS Cross Collateral (subject only to the prior Liens granted
pursuant to the UBS Basic Documents), for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders
and the Class B Note Purchasers; or (v) the failure by the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller to perform or observe any term, covenant,
or agreement under the Basic Documents, which failure materially and adversely
affects the rights of the Class B Note Purchasers and/or the Class B Noteholders
(as determined by a Class B Note Purchaser or the Class B Majority Noteholders
in their sole discretion) and is not cured within 30 calendar days after written
notice is received by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller, as
applicable, from the Trustee, a Class B Note Purchaser or a Class B Noteholder
or after discovery of such failure by a Responsible Officer of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller, as applicable.

                  "CLASS B FACILITY RENEWAL FEE" has the meaning specified in
Section 2.05(a) of the Class B Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS B FACILITY TERMINATION DATE" means the earlier of (a)
the Class B Scheduled Maturity Date, (b) the date of the occurrence of an Event
of Default specified in Section 5.1(a)(v), (vi) or (viii) of the Indenture, and
(c) the date of the occurrence of any Event of Default (other than an Event of
Default specified in Section 5.1(a)(v), (vi) or (viii) of the Indenture) if the
Class B Note Purchaser is the Controlling Note Purchaser on such date.

                  "CLASS B FUNDING DATE" means the Business Day on which a Class
B Advance occurs.

                  "CLASS B FUNDING TERMINATION EVENT" means the occurrence and
continuance of (i) a Class A Funding Termination Event, or (ii) a Class B Event
of Default.

                  "CLASS B HOLDERS" or "CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS" means the Persons
in whose name the Class B Notes are registered on the Note Register, which shall
initially be The Patriot Group, LLC and Waterfall Eden Fund, LP.

                  "CLASS B INITIAL ADVANCE" means the first Class B Advance that
is funded on or after the Closing Date.

                  "CLASS B INVESTED AMOUNT" means, with respect to any date of
determination, the aggregate principal amount (including all outstanding Class B
Advances as of such date) of the Class B Notes at such date of determination.

                  "CLASS B MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS" means Holders of Class B Notes
that in the aggregate constitute more than 50% of the Percentage Interests of
all Class B Notes.

                  "CLASS B MARGIN CALL" has the meaning given to such term in
Section 3.05(c) of the Class B Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS B MAXIMUM INVESTED AMOUNT" means, as of any date,
$25,000,000, less the outstanding amount of any UBS Secured Obligations on such
date.

                  "CLASS B NOTES" means the Floating Rate Variable Funding
Notes, Class B, each substantially in the form set forth in EXHIBIT A-2 to the
Indenture.

                  "CLASS B NOTE INTEREST RATE" means for any day during any
Interest Period the sum of (i) LIBOR calculated as of the related LIBOR
Determination Date and (ii) the Class B Applicable Margin for such day;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Class B Note Interest Rate will in no event be
higher than the maximum rate permitted by law.

                  "CLASS B NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT" means the Note Purchase
Agreement dated as of January 12, 2007 among each Class B Note Purchaser, the
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer, as the same may be amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the
terms thereof.

                                      -70-
<PAGE>

                  "CLASS B NOTE PURCHASER" means each of The Patriot Group, LLC
and Waterfall Eden Fund, LP and their respective successors and permitted
assigns.

                  "CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS' INTEREST CARRYOVER SHORTFALL" means,
with respect to any Settlement Date, the excess of the Class B Noteholders'
Interest Distributable Amount for the preceding Settlement Date over the amount
that was actually deposited in the Note Distribution Account on such preceding
Settlement Date on account of the Class B Noteholders' Interest Distributable
Amount.

                  "CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS' INTEREST DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT" means,
with respect to any Settlement Date, the sum of the Class B Noteholders' Monthly
Interest Distributable Amount for such Settlement Date and the Class B
Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall for such Settlement Date, if any, plus
interest on the Class B Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall, to the extent
permitted by law, at the Class B Note Interest Rate for the related Interest
Period(s), from and including the preceding Settlement Date to, but excluding,
the current Settlement Date.

                  "CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS' MONTHLY INTEREST DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT"
means, with respect to any Settlement Date, the sum of the interest amounts
accrued on the Class B Notes on each day during the related Interest Period. The
interest amount accrued on the Class B Notes on any day during the portion of
any Interest Period occurring prior to the UBS Warehouse Facility Amendment Date
shall equal the product of (i) the Class B Note Interest Rate for such day and
(ii) the greater of (x) the Class B Invested Amount on such day and (y)
$6,250,000 (which is 25.0% of the Class B Maximum Invested Amount) and (iii)
1/360. The interest amount accrued on the Class B Notes on any day during the
portion of any Interest Period occurring from and after the UBS Warehouse
Facility Amendment Date shall equal the product of (i) the Class B Note Interest
Rate for such day and (ii) the greater of (x) the Class B Invested Amount on
such day and (y) $3,125,000 (which is 12.5% of the Class B Maximum Invested
Amount) and (iii) 1/360.

                  "CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS' PRINCIPAL DISTRIBUTABLE AMOUNT" means,
with respect to any Settlement Date (A) prior to the Class B Facility
Termination Date, the Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency, if any, and (B) upon
and after the Class B Facility Termination Date, the Class B Invested Amount.

                  "CLASS B SCHEDULED MATURITY DATE" means January 11, 2008 or
such later date as agreed upon pursuant to SECTION 2.05 of the Class B Note
Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLASS B TERM" has the meaning given to such term in SECTION
2.05 of the Class B Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "CLEARING AGENCY" means an organization registered as a
"clearing agency" pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act, or any successor
provision thereto. The initial Clearing Agency shall be The Depository Trust
Company.

                  "CLOSING DATE" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the
Class A Closing Date and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B Closing
Date.

                  "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
from time to time, and Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.

                  "COLLATERAL" has the meaning specified in the Granting Clause
I of the Indenture.

                  "COLLECTION ACCOUNT" means the account designated as such,
established and maintained pursuant to SECTION 5.1 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

                  "COMMISSION" means the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission.

                  "COMMITMENT" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the
Class A Commitment and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B
Commitment.

                                      -71-
<PAGE>

                  "CONCENTRATION LIMITS" means with respect to Eligible
Receivables:

                  (i) Eligible Receivables that are Section 341 Receivables
         shall not at any time represent more than 3% of the aggregate Principal
         Balance of Eligible Receivables;

                  (ii) Eligible Receivables the Obligors of which are
         contractually delinquent with respect to more than 10% of a Scheduled
         Receivable Payment by more than 30 days, but less than 46 days, shall
         not at any time represent more than 4% of the aggregate Principal
         Balance of Eligible Receivables;

                  (iii) Eligible Receivables originated under Seller's "First
         Time Buyer Program" and "Mercury/Delta Program" shall not at any time
         represent more than 15% of the aggregate Principal Balance of Eligible
         Receivables;

                  (iv) Seasoned Receivables shall not represent more than
         $3,000,000 in aggregate Principal Balance of the Eligible Receivables;

                  (v) Unless an Opinion of Counsel, in form and substance
         satisfactory to the Controlling Note Purchaser, has been delivered to
         the Trustee and the Note Purchasers addressing (i) the form of Contract
         used by Seller in such State and (ii) the security interest of the
         Trustee in the Financed Vehicles titled in such State in the absence of
         any retitling of such Financed Vehicles, Eligible Receivables
         originated in any one State shall not in the aggregate at any time
         represent more than 10% of the aggregate Principal Balance of Eligible
         Receivables; and

                  (vi) Receivables evidenced by installment promissory note and
         security agreements (i.e. direct loans) shall not at any time represent
         more than 10% of the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables.

                  "CONSENT AND AGREEMENT" means that Consent and Agreement dated
as of November 15, 2005, made by the Issuer, as amended by Amendment No. 1
thereto dated as of January 12, 2007, as such Consent and Agreement may be
further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof.

                  "CONSOLIDATED TOTAL ADJUSTED EQUITY" of any Person means, with
respect to any fiscal quarter, the total shareholders' equity of such Person and
its consolidated Subsidiaries that, in accordance with GAAP, is reflected on the
consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its consolidated Subsidiaries for
such fiscal quarter, MINUS the aggregate amount of such Person's and its
consolidated Subsidiaries intangible assets, including without limitation,
goodwill, franchises, licenses, patents, trademarks, tradenames, copyrights and
service marks.

                  "CONSUMER LAWS" means federal and State usury laws, the
Federal Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit
Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Federal Trade
Commission Act, the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, the Federal Reserve Board's
Regulations B and Z, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the California
Military Reservist Relief Act, the Texas Consumer Credit Code, the California
Automobile Sales Finance Act, State adaptations of the National Consumer Act and
of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code and all other federal, State and local
consumer credit laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure laws and
regulations thereunder.

                  "CONSUMER LENDER" means a Person that is licensed under
applicable law to originate loans to natural persons resident in one or more of
the United States of America and authorized by CPS to participate in its direct
lending program, and includes the Seller.

                  "CONTRACT" means a motor vehicle retail installment sale
contract or, in the case of a Contract originated by a Consumer Lender, an
installment promissory note and security agreement, in each case relating to the
sale or refinancing of new or used automobiles, light duty trucks, vans or
minivans, and any other documents related thereto from time to time.

                                      -72-
<PAGE>

                  "CONTROLLING NOTE PURCHASER" means solely the Class A Note
Purchaser until the Class A Notes and all other amounts then due and owing to
the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders under the Basic Documents
have been paid in full and the Class A Commitment has terminated, and
thereafter, the Class B Note Purchasers, acting together.

                  "CORPORATE TRUST OFFICE" means with respect to the Trustee,
the principal office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its
corporate trust business shall be administered which office is located at Sixth
Street and Marquette Avenue, MAC N9311-161, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479, or at
such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to
the Note Purchasers, the Servicer, the Issuer, or the principal corporate trust
office of any successor Trustee (the address of which the successor Trustee will
notify the Note Purchaser).

                  "CPS" means Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., a California
corporation.

                  "CRAM DOWN LOSS" means, with respect to a Receivable, if a
court of appropriate jurisdiction in an insolvency proceeding shall have issued
an order reducing the amount owed on a Receivable or otherwise modifying or
restructuring Scheduled Receivable Payments to be made on a Receivable, an
amount equal to such reduction in the Principal Balance of such Receivable or
the reduction in the net present value (using as the discount rate the lower of
the contract rate or the rate of interest specified by the court in such order)
of the Scheduled Receivable Payments as so modified or restructured. A "CRAM
DOWN LOSS" shall be deemed to have occurred on the date such order is entered.

                  "CUTOFF DATE" means, with respect to a Receivable or
Receivables, the date specified as such for such Receivable or Receivables in
the Schedule of Receivables attached to the Sale and Servicing Agreement or to
the applicable Assignment.

                  "DATA TAPE FIELDS" has the meaning given such term in Section
2.1(b)(i) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "DEALER" means, with respect to a Receivable, the seller of
the related Financed Vehicle, who originated and assigned such Receivable to the
Seller, which Dealer shall not be an Affiliate of the Seller (including, without
limitation, MFN Financial Corporation and TFC Enterprises, Inc.).

                  "DEFAULT" means any occurrence that is, or with notice or the
lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default.

                  "DEFAULT APPLICABLE MARGIN" means, with respect to the Class A
Notes, the Class A Default Applicable Margin and with respect to the Class B
Notes, the Class B Default Applicable Margin.

                  "DEFECTIVE RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable that is subject to
repurchase pursuant to SECTION 3.2 or SECTION 4.7 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

                  "DELIVERY" means, when used with respect to Pledged Account
Property:

                  (i) the perfection and priority of a security interest in such
Pledged Account Property which is governed by the law of a jurisdiction which
has adopted the 1978 Revision to Article 8 of the UCC (and not the 1994 Revision
to Article 8 of the UCC as referred to in (II) below):

                           (a) with respect to bankers' acceptances, commercial
         paper, negotiable certificates of deposit and other obligations that
         constitute "INSTRUMENTS" within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(47) of
         the UCC and are susceptible of physical delivery, transfer thereof to
         the Trustee or its nominee or custodian by physical delivery to the
         Trustee or its nominee or custodian endorsed to, or registered in the
         name of, the Trustee or its nominee or custodian or endorsed in blank,
         and, with respect to a certificated security (as defined in Section
         8-102 of the UCC), transfer thereof (1) by delivery of such

                                      -73-
<PAGE>

         certificated security endorsed to, or registered in the name of, the
         Trustee or its nominee or custodian or endorsed in blank to a financial
         intermediary (as defined in Section 8-313 of the UCC) and the making by
         such financial intermediary of entries on its books and records
         identifying such certificated securities as belonging to the Trustee or
         its nominee or custodian and the sending by such financial intermediary
         of a confirmation of the purchase of such certificated security by the
         Trustee or its nominee or custodian, or (2) by delivery thereof to a
         "CLEARING CORPORATION" (as defined in Section 8-102(3) of the UCC) and
         the making by such clearing corporation of appropriate entries on its
         books reducing the appropriate securities account of the transferor and
         increasing the appropriate securities account of a financial
         intermediary by the amount of such certificated security, the
         identification by the clearing corporation of the certificated
         securities for the sole and exclusive account of the financial
         intermediary, the maintenance of such certificated securities by such
         clearing corporation or a "CUSTODIAN BANK" (as defined in Section
         8-102(4) of the UCC) or the nominee of either subject to the clearing
         corporation's exclusive control, the sending of a confirmation by the
         financial intermediary of the purchase by the Trustee or its nominee or
         custodian of such securities and the making by such financial
         intermediary of entries on its books and records identifying such
         certificated securities as belonging to the Trustee or its nominee or
         custodian (all of the foregoing, "PHYSICAL PROPERTY"), and, in any
         event, any such Physical Property in registered form shall be in the
         name of the Trustee or its nominee or custodian; and such additional or
         alternative procedures as may hereafter become appropriate to effect
         the complete transfer of ownership of any such Pledged Account Property
         to the Trustee or its nominee or custodian, consistent with changes in
         applicable law or regulations or the interpretation thereof;

                           (b) with respect to any security issued by the U.S.
         Treasury, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or by the Federal
         National Mortgage Association that is a book-entry security held
         through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book-entry
         regulations, the following procedures, all in accordance with
         applicable law, including applicable Federal regulations and Articles 8
         and 9 of the UCC: book-entry registration of such Pledged Account
         Property to an appropriate book-entry account maintained with a Federal
         Reserve Bank by a financial intermediary which is also a "DEPOSITORY"
         pursuant to applicable Federal regulations and issuance by such
         financial intermediary of a deposit advice or other written
         confirmation of such book-entry registration to the Trustee or its
         nominee or custodian of the purchase by the Trustee or its nominee or
         custodian of such book-entry securities; the making by such financial
         intermediary of entries in its books and records identifying such
         book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to
         Federal book-entry regulations as belonging to the Trustee or its
         nominee or custodian and indicating that such custodian holds such
         Pledged Account Property solely as agent for the Trustee or its nominee
         or custodian; and such additional or alternative procedures as may
         hereafter become appropriate to effect complete transfer of ownership
         of any such Pledged Account Property to the Trustee or its nominee or
         custodian, consistent with changes in applicable law or regulations or
         the interpretation thereof; and

                           (c) with respect to any item of Pledged Account
         Property that is an uncertificated security under Article 8 of the UCC
         and that is not governed by CLAUSE (B) above, registration on the books
         and records of the issuer thereof in the name of the financial
         intermediary, the sending of a confirmation by the financial
         intermediary of the purchase by the Trustee or its nominee or custodian
         of such uncertificated security, the making by such financial
         intermediary of entries on its books and records identifying such
         uncertificated securities as belonging to the Trustee or its nominee or
         custodian; or

                  (ii) the perfection and priority of a security interest in
such Pledged Account Property which is governed by the law of a jurisdiction
which has adopted the 1994 Revision to Article 8 of the UCC:

                           (a) with respect to bankers' acceptances, commercial
         paper, negotiable certificates of deposit and other obligations that
         constitute "INSTRUMENTS" within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(47) of
         the UCC (other than certificated securities) and are susceptible of
         physical delivery, transfer thereof to the Trustee by physical delivery
         to the Trustee, indorsed to, or registered in the name of, the Trustee
         or its nominee or indorsed in blank and such additional or alternative
         procedures as may hereafter become appropriate to effect the complete
         transfer of ownership of any such Pledged Account Property to the
         Trustee free and clear of any adverse claims, consistent with changes
         in applicable law or regulations or the interpretation thereof;

                           (b) with respect to a "CERTIFICATED SECURITY" (as
         defined in Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC), transfer thereof:

                                      -74-
<PAGE>

                                    (1) by physical delivery of such
                  certificated security to the Trustee, PROVIDED that if the
                  certificated security is in registered form, it shall be
                  indorsed to, or registered in the name of, the Trustee or
                  indorsed in blank;

                                    (2) by physical delivery of such
                  certificated security in registered form to a "SECURITIES
                  INTERMEDIARY" (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(l4) of the UCC)
                  acting on behalf of the Trustee if the certificated security
                  has been specially indorsed to the Trustee by an effective
                  indorsement.

                           (c) with respect to any security issued by the U.S.
         Treasury, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or by the Federal
         National Mortgage Association that is a book-entry security held
         through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book entry
         regulations, the following procedures, all in accordance with
         applicable law, including applicable federal regulations and Articles 8
         and 9 of the UCC: book-entry registration of such property to an
         appropriate book-entry account maintained with a Federal Reserve Bank
         by a securities intermediary which is also a "DEPOSITARY" pursuant to
         applicable federal regulations and issuance by such securities
         intermediary of a deposit advice or other written confirmation of such
         book-entry registration to the Trustee of the purchase by the
         securities intermediary on behalf of the Trustee of such book-entry
         security; the making by such securities intermediary of entries in its
         books and records identifying such book-entry security held through the
         Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book-entry regulations as
         belonging to the Trustee and indicating that such securities
         intermediary holds such book-entry security solely as agent for the
         Trustee; and such additional or alternative procedures as may hereafter
         become appropriate to effect complete transfer of ownership of any such
         Pledged Account Property to the Trustee free of any adverse claims,
         consistent with changes in applicable law or regulations or the
         interpretation thereof;

                           (d) with respect to any item of Pledged Account
         Property that is an "UNCERTIFICATED SECURITY" (as defined in Section
         8-102(a)(18) of the UCC) and that is not governed by CLAUSE (C) above,
         transfer thereof:

                                    (1)(A) by registration to the Trustee as the
                  registered owner thereof, on the books and records of the
                  issuer thereof;

                                    (B) by another Person (not a securities
                  intermediary) who either becomes the registered owner of the
                  uncertificated security on behalf of the Trustee, or having
                  become the registered owner acknowledges that it holds for the
                  Trustee;

                                    (2) the issuer thereof has agreed that it
                  will comply with instructions originated by the Trustee
                  without further consent of the registered owner thereof;

                           (e) with respect to a "SECURITY ENTITLEMENT" (as
         defined in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC):

                                    (1) if a securities intermediary (A)
                  indicates by book entry that a "FINANCIAL ASSET" (as defined
                  in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC) has been credited to the
                  Trustee's "SECURITIES ACCOUNT" (as defined in Section 8-501(a)
                  of the UCC), (B) receives a financial asset (as so defined)
                  from the Trustee or acquires a financial asset for the
                  Trustee, and in either case, accepts it for credit to the
                  Trustee's securities account (as so defined), (C) becomes
                  obligated under other law, regulation or rule to credit a
                  financial asset to the Trustee's securities account, or (D)
                  has agreed that it will comply with "ENTITLEMENT ORDERS" (as
                  defined in Section 8-102(a)(8) of the UCC) originated by the
                  Trustee, without further consent by the "ENTITLEMENT HOLDER"
                  (as defined in Section 8-l02(a)(7) of the UCC), of a
                  confirmation of the purchase and the making by such securities
                  intermediary of entries on its books and records identifying
                  as belonging to the Trustee of (I) a specific certificated
                  security in the securities intermediary's possession, (II) a
                  quantity of securities that constitute or are part of a

                                      -75-
<PAGE>

                  fungible bulk of certificated securities in the securities
                  intermediary's possession, or (III) a quantity of securities
                  that constitute or are part of a fungible bulk of securities
                  shown on the account of the securities intermediary on the
                  books of another securities intermediary;

                           (f) in each case of delivery contemplated pursuant to
         CLAUSES (a) through (e) of SUBSECTION (ii) hereof, the Trustee shall
         make appropriate notations on its records, and shall cause the same to
         be made on the records of its nominees, indicating that such Trust
         Property which constitutes a security is held in trust pursuant to and
         as provided in the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "DEPOSIT ACCOUNT" means that deposit account established
pursuant to the Account Control Agreement.

                  "DETERMINATION DATE" means, with respect to any Settlement
Date, the fourth Business Day preceding such Settlement Date.

                  "DOLLAR" means lawful money of the United States.

                  "ELIGIBLE ACCOUNT" means either (i) a segregated trust account
that is maintained with a depository institution acceptable to the Controlling
Note Purchaser, or (ii) a segregated direct deposit account maintained with a
depository institution or trust company organized under the laws of the United
States of America, or any of the States thereof, or the District of Columbia,
having a certificate of deposit, short-term deposit or commercial paper rating
of at least "A-1+" by Standard & Poor's and "P-1" by Moody's and acceptable to
the Controlling Note Purchaser.

                  "ELIGIBLE INVESTMENTS" mean book-entry securities, negotiable
instruments or securities represented by instruments in bearer or registered
form which evidence:

                           (a) direct obligations of, and obligations fully
         guaranteed as to the full and timely payment by, the United States of
         America;

                           (b) demand deposits, time deposits or certificates of
         deposit of any depository institution or trust company incorporated
         under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof (or
         any domestic branch of a foreign bank) and subject to supervision and
         examination by Federal or State banking or depository institution
         authorities; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that at the time of the investment or
         contractual commitment to invest therein, the commercial paper or other
         short-term unsecured debt obligations (other than such obligations the
         rating of which is based on the credit of a Person other than such
         depository institution or trust company) thereof shall be rated "A-1+"
         or better by Standard & Poor's and "P-1" by Moody's;

                           (c) commercial paper that, at the time of the
         investment or contractual commitment to invest therein, is rated "A-1+"
         or better by Standard & Poor's and "P-1" by Moody's;

                           (d) bankers' acceptances issued by any depository
         institution or trust company referred to in CLAUSE (b) above;

                           (e) repurchase obligations with respect to any
         security that is a direct obligation of, or fully guaranteed as to the
         full and timely payment by, the United States of America or any agency
         or instrumentality thereof the obligations of which are backed by the
         full faith and credit of the United States of America, in either case
         entered into with (i) a depository institution or trust company (acting
         as principal) described in CLAUSE (B) or (ii) a depository institution
         or trust company whose commercial paper or other short term unsecured
         debt obligations are rated "A-1+" or better by Standard & Poor's and
         "P-1" by Moody's and long term unsecured debt obligations are rated
         "AAA" by Standard & Poor's and "AAA" by Moody's;

                                      -76-
<PAGE>

                           (f) money market mutual funds registered under the
         Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a rating, at the
         time of such investment, from each of Standard & Poor's and Moody's in
         the highest investment category granted thereby; and

                           (g) any other investment as may be acceptable to the
         Controlling Note Purchaser, as evidenced by a writing to that effect,
         as may from time to time be confirmed in writing to the Trustee by the
         Controlling Note Purchaser.

                  Any of the foregoing Eligible Investments may be purchased by
or through the Trustee or any of its Affiliates.

                  "ELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES" means, as of any date of determination,
Receivables (a) that have been originated or acquired by the Seller in
accordance with the Seller's Contract Purchase Guidelines; (b) that are secured
by a first-priority perfected security interest in the related Financed Vehicle;
(c) as to which the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.1 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement are true and correct; (d) that are not more
than 45 days past due with respect to more than 10% of the Scheduled Receivable
Payment as of such date of determination; (e) as to which the related Obligor
has not been the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding since the origination of the
Receivable (other than any Obligor the related Receivable of which is a Section
341 Receivable); (f) as to which the Servicer has not repossessed the related
Financed Vehicle or charged-off the related Contract; (g) that have not been
owned by the Purchaser and pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchasers for more than 180 days; and (h) that have
not been otherwise rejected by the Controlling Note Purchaser, in its sole
discretion, as a result of deficiencies with respect to such Receivable
discovered during the Controlling Note Purchaser's due diligence review, prior
to the related Funding thereof.

                  "ELIGIBLE SERVICER" means a Person approved to act as
"SERVICER" under the Sale and Servicing Agreement by the Note Purchaser.

                   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended.

                   "EVENT OF DEFAULT" has the meaning specified in SECTION 5.1
of the Indenture.

                  "EXCESS CONCENTRATION AMOUNT" means the aggregate amount by
which (without duplication) the aggregate Principal Balance of Eligible
Receivables sold to the Purchaser under the Sale and Servicing Agreement exceeds
any of the Concentration Limits; provided, however, that in determining which
Receivables to exclude for purposes of complying with any Concentration Limit,
the Purchaser shall exclude Receivables starting with those having the oldest
origination dates.

                  "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

                  "EXECUTIVE OFFICER" means, with respect to any corporation,
the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
President, Senior Vice President, any Vice President, the Secretary or the
Treasurer of such corporation; with respect to any limited liability company,
the manager and any individuals appointed to any of the preceding offices by the
manager; and with respect to any partnership, any general partner thereof.

                  "FACILITY TERMINATION DATE" means, with respect to the Class A
Notes, the Class A Facility Termination Date and with respect to the Class B
Notes, the Class B Facility Termination Date.

                  "FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

                  "FEE SCHEDULE" means that certain notice captioned "Schedule
of Fees for CPS - Bear Stearns Warehouse" from Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as acknowledged by the Servicer as of November 15, 2005.

                                      -77-
<PAGE>

                  "FINANCED VEHICLE" means a new or used automobile, light
truck, van or minivan, together with all accessions thereto, securing an
Obligor's indebtedness under a Receivable.

                  "FUNDING DATE" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, a
Class A Funding Date and with respect to the Class B Notes, a Class B Funding
Date.

                  "FUNDING TERMINATION EVENT" means, with respect to the Class A
Notes, a Class A Funding Termination Event and with respect to the Class B
Notes, a Class B Funding Termination Event.

                  "FUNDING TRUST" means CPS Receivables Funding Trust, a
Delaware statutory trust.

                  "FUNDING TRUST CERTIFICATE" means a certificate issued by
Funding Trust that evidences a 100% fractional undivided ownership interest in
one or more instruments or certificates, each of which evidences not less than
99.00% of the residual interest in a securitization trust for a Securitization
Transaction and represents the right to receive amounts to be distributed or
paid to the holders of the residual interests pursuant to the related
Securitization Documents.

                  "GAAP" means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
occasioned by the promulgation of rules, regulations, pronouncements or opinions
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants or the Securities and Exchange Commission (or successors
thereto or agencies with similar functions) from time to time.

                  "GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY" means the United States of America,
any state, local or other political subdivision thereof and any entity
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory, or administrative
functions thereof pertaining thereto.

                  "GRANT" means to mortgage, pledge, bargain, sell, warrant,
alienate, remise, release, convey, assign, transfer, create, grant a lien upon
and a security interest in and right of set-off against, deposit, set over and
confirm pursuant to the Indenture or the Pledge Agreement, as applicable. A
Grant of the Collateral, Pledged Subordinate Securities, Bear Cross Collateral
or Pledged Collateral, as the case may be, or of any other agreement or
instrument shall include all rights, powers and options (but none of the
obligations) of the granting party thereunder, including, as and to the extent
provided in the Basic Documents, the immediate and continuing right (after an
Event of Default) to claim for, collect, receive and give receipt for principal
and interest payments in respect of the Collateral, Pledged Subordinate
Securities, Bear Cross Collateral or Pledged Collateral, as the case may be, and
all other moneys payable thereunder, to give and receive notices and other
communications, to make waivers or other agreements, to exercise all rights and
options, to bring proceedings in the name of the granting party or otherwise and
generally to do and receive anything that the granting party is or may be
entitled to do or receive thereunder or with respect thereto.

                  "HIGHEST PRIORITY CLASS" means (i) the Class A Notes, for so
long as they are Outstanding and the Class A Commitment has not been terminated,
and (ii) if the Class A Notes are no longer Outstanding and all amounts owed to
the Class A Noteholders and the Class A Note Purchaser pursuant to the Basic
Documents have been paid in full and the Class A Commitment has been terminated,
the Class B Notes.

                  "HOLDER" or "NOTEHOLDER" means a Class A Noteholder or a Class
B Noteholder, as the context may require.

                  "INDEBTEDNESS" means, with respect to any Person at any time,
any (a) indebtedness or liability of such Person for borrowed money whether or
not evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, repurchase agreements and similar
arrangements, or other instruments, or for the deferred purchase price of
property or services (including trade obligations); (b) obligations of such
Person as lessee under leases which should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded
as capital leases; (c) current liabilities of such Person in respect of unfunded
vested benefits under plans covered by Title IV of ERISA; (d) obligations issued
for or liabilities incurred on the account of such Person; (e) obligations or
liabilities of such Person arising under acceptance facilities; (f) obligations
of such Person under any guarantees, endorsements (other than for collection or


                                      -78-
<PAGE>

deposit in the ordinary course of business) and other contingent obligations to
purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest in any Person
or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss; (g) obligations of others
secured by any lien on property or assets of such Person, whether or not the
obligations have been assumed by such Person; or (h) obligations of such Person
under any interest rate or currency exchange agreement.

                  "INDENTURE" means the Amended and Restated Indenture dated as
of January 12, 2007, between the Issuer and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as Trustee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

                  "INDEPENDENT" means, when used with respect to any specified
Person, that the person (a) is in fact independent of the Issuer, the Seller,
the Purchaser, the Servicer and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing persons,
(b) does not have any direct financial interest or any material indirect
financial interest in the Issuer, the Seller, the Purchaser, the Servicer or any
Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons and (c) is not connected with the
Issuer, the Seller, the Purchaser, the Servicer or any Affiliate of any of the
foregoing Persons as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee,
partner, director or Person performing similar functions.

                  "INELIGIBLE RECEIVABLE" means any Receivable other than an
Eligible Receivable.

                  "INSOLVENCY EVENT" means, with respect to a specified Person,
(a) the institution of a proceeding or the filing of a petition against such
Person seeking the entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having
jurisdiction in the premises in respect of such Person or any substantial part
of its property in an involuntary case under any applicable federal or state
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, seeking
the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee,
sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of
its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Person's
affairs, and such proceeding or petition, decree or order shall remain unstayed
or undismissed for a period of 60 consecutive days or an order or decree for the
requested relief is earlier entered or issued; or (b) the commencement by such
Person of a voluntary case under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by
such Person to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any
such law, or the consent by such Person to the appointment of or taking
possession by, a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee,
sequestrator, or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of
its property, or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the
benefit of creditors, or the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts
as such debts become due, or the taking of action by such Person in furtherance
of any of the foregoing.

                  "INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT" means that certain Intercreditor
Agreement dated as of January 12, 2007 by and among the Class A Note Purchaser,
the Class A Noteholder, the Class B Note Purchasers, the Class B Noteholders,
the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer and the Trustee.

                  "INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENTS" means the Intercreditor Agreement
and the UBS Intercreditor Agreement.

                  "INTEREST PERIOD" means, with respect to a class of Notes and
any Settlement Date, the period from, and including, the immediately preceding
Settlement Date (or from and including the initial Funding Date for such class
of Notes, in the case of the first Settlement Date for a class of Notes) to, but
excluding, such Settlement Date.

                  "INVESTED AMOUNT" means, with respect to the Class A Notes,
the Class A Invested Amount and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B
Invested Amount.

                  "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT" has the meaning set forth in SECTION
5.01(d) of each Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "INVESTMENT EARNINGS" means, with respect to any Settlement
Date and any Pledged Account, the investment earnings on Pledged Account
Property and deposited into such Pledged Account during the related Accrual
Period pursuant to SECTION 5.1(d) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                                      -79-
<PAGE>

                  "ISSUER" means Page Three Funding LLC until a successor
replaces it in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and, thereafter, means
the successor and, for purposes of any provision contained herein, each other
obligor on the Notes.

                  "ISSUER ORDER" and "ISSUER REQUEST" means a written order or
request signed in the name of the Issuer by any one of its Authorized Officers
and delivered to the Trustee.

                  "LIBOR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate
for one-month deposits in U.S. dollars determined on the related LIBOR
Determination Date by the Controlling Note Purchaser by reference to the London
Inter-Bank Offered Rate, as such rate appears as "BBBAM - Page DE8 4a" on
Bloomberg (or such other publicly-available service or services publishing such
rates selected by Controlling Note Purchaser in its reasonable discretion and
communicated to the Issuer) at or about 11 a.m. New York City time; PROVIDED
FURTHER, that if no rate appears on Bloomberg, on any such date of determination
LIBOR shall be determined as follows:

                  LIBOR will be determined at approximately 11:00 a.m., New York
City time, on the related LIBOR Determination Date on the basis of (a) the
arithmetic mean of the rates at which one-month deposits in U.S. dollars are
offered to prime banks in the London interbank market by four (4) major banks in
the London interbank market selected by the Controlling Note Purchaser and in a
principal amount of not less than $150,000,000 that is representative for a
single transaction in such market at such time, if at least two (2) such
quotations are provided, or (b) if fewer than two (2) quotations are provided as
described in the preceding clause (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates, as
requested by the Controlling Note Purchaser, quoted by three (3) major banks in
New York City, selected by the Controlling Note Purchaser, at approximately
11:00 A.M., New York City time, on such LIBOR Determination Date, one-month
deposits in United States dollars to leading European banks and in a principal
amount of not less than $150,000,000 that is representative for a single
transaction in such market at such time.

                  "LIBOR BUSINESS DAY" means any day on which banks in London,
England and The City of New York are open and conducting transactions in foreign
currency and exchange.

                  "LIBOR DETERMINATION DATE" means, with respect to any Interest
Period, the second LIBOR Business Day immediately preceding the first day of
such Interest Period; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, the LIBOR Determination Date for the
first Interest Period shall be the second LIBOR Business Day immediately
preceding the initial Funding Date.

                  "LIEN" means a security interest, lien, charge, pledge,
equity, or encumbrance of any kind, other than tax liens, mechanics' liens and
any liens that attach to the respective Receivable by operation of law as a
result of an Obligor's failure to pay an obligation.

                  "LIEN CERTIFICATE" means, with respect to a Financed Vehicle,
an original certificate of title, certificate of lien or other notification
issued by the Registrar of Titles of the applicable state to a secured party
which indicates that the lien of the secured party on the Financed Vehicle is
recorded on the original certificate of title. In any jurisdiction in which the
original certificate of title is required to be given to the obligor, the term
"LIEN CERTIFICATE" shall mean only a certificate or notification issued to a
secured party.

                  "LIQUIDATED RECEIVABLE" means any Receivable (i) which has
been liquidated by the Servicer through the sale of the Financed Vehicle or (ii)
for which the related Financed Vehicle has been repossessed and 90 days have
elapsed since the date of such repossession or (iii) as to which an Obligor has
failed to make more than 90% of a Scheduled Receivable Payment of more than ten
dollars for 120 (or, if the related Financed Vehicle has been repossessed, 210)
or more days as of the end of a Accrual Period or (iv) with respect to which
proceeds have been received which, in the Servicer's judgment, constitute the
final amounts recoverable in respect of such Receivable. For purposes of this
definition, a Receivable shall be deemed a "Liquidated Receivable" upon the
first to occur of the events specified in items (i) through (iv) of the previous
sentence.

                  "LLC AGREEMENT" means the Limited Liability Company Agreement
of Page Three Funding, LLC dated as of October 27, 2005, entered into by CPS, as
amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto dated as of January 12, 2007, and as such
agreement may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

                                      -80-
<PAGE>

                   "LOCKBOX ACCOUNT" means an account established and maintained
in the name of the Issuer for the benefit of Trustee for the further benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers by the Lockbox Bank pursuant to SECTION
4.2(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "LOCKBOX AGREEMENT" means the Multiparty Agreement Relating to
Lockbox Services, dated as of November 15, 2005, by and among the Lockbox
Processor, the Purchaser, the Servicer and the Trustee, as amended by Amendment
No. 1 thereto dated as of January 12, 2007, by and among the Lockbox Processor,
the Purchaser, the Servicer and the Trustee, as such agreement may be further
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with
the terms thereof, unless the Trustee shall cease to be a party thereunder, or
such agreement shall be terminated in accordance with its terms, in which event
"LOCKBOX AGREEMENT" shall mean such other agreement, in form and substance
acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser, among the Servicer, the Purchaser,
and the Lockbox Processor and any other appropriate parties.

                  "LOCKBOX BANK" means as of any date a depository institution
named by the Servicer and acceptable to the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class of Notes and the Controlling Note Purchaser at which the Lockbox
Account is established and maintained as of such date.

                  "LOCKBOX PROCESSOR" means Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association and its successors and assigns.

                  "MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS" means, in the case of the Class A
Notes, the Class A Majority Noteholders and in the case of the Class B Notes,
the Class B Majority Noteholders.

                  "MARGIN CALL" means, in the case of the Class A Notes, a Class
A Margin Call and in the case of the Class B Notes, a Class B Margin Call.

                  "MARKET VALUE" means, on any Business Day, the value of the
Receivables as determined by the daily-run structured arb report as calculated
by the Controlling Note Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion.

                  "MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE" means (a) in respect of any Person,
a material adverse change in (i) the business, financial condition, results of
operations, prospects or properties of such Person, or (ii) the ability of such
Person to perform its obligations under any of the Basic Documents to which it
is a party, in each case in a manner that materially and adversely affects any
Noteholder, any Note Purchaser or the value, collectibility or marketability of
any class of Notes, (b) in respect of any Receivable, a material adverse change
in (i) the value or marketability of such Receivable, or (ii) the probability
that amounts now or hereafter due in respect of such Receivable will be
collected on a timely basis, in each case in a manner that materially and
adversely affects the Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, the Controlling
Note Purchaser or the value, collectibility or marketability of the Highest
Priority Class of Notes, or the ability of the Trustee on behalf of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchasers to realize the benefits of the security
afforded under the Basic Documents.

                  "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means an effect on (a) the value or
marketability of the Receivables or any of the other Collateral (including,
without limitation, the enforceability or collectibility of the Receivables);
(b) the business, operations, properties, condition (financial or otherwise) or
prospects of the Seller, the Servicer, the Purchaser or the Issuer, in each
case, individually or taken as a whole; (c) the validity or enforceability of
this or any of the other Basic Documents or the rights or remedies of the
Trustee, any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder hereunder or thereunder or the
validity, perfection or priority of any Lien in favor of any Note Purchaser, any
Noteholder or the Trustee for the benefit of any Note Purchaser and any
Noteholder granted thereunder; (d) the timely payment of the principal of or
interest on any Advances or other amounts payable under the Basic Documents; or
(e) the ability of the Seller, the Servicer, the Purchaser or the Issuer to
perform its obligations under any Basic Document to which it is a party, in each
case that materially and adversely affects any Noteholder, any Note Purchaser or
the value, collectability or marketability of any class of Notes.

                  "MAXIMUM ADVANCE RATE" means 93%.

                                      -81-
<PAGE>

                  "MAXIMUM INVESTED AMOUNT" means, in the case of the Class A
Notes, the Class A Maximum Invested Amount and in the case of the Class B Notes,
the Class B Maximum Invested Amount.

                  "MFN" means MFN Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

                  "MOODY'S" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc., or its
successor.

                  "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" means a Plan which is a multiemployer
plan as defined in Sectoin 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.

                  "NET ACQUISITION FEE" means, for any Receivable, (a) the sum
of (i) PLAUSA3 and (ii) PLASFE less (b) PLTDIF, in each case, as reflected in
the Data Tape Fields delivered prior to each Funding Date pursuant to Section
2.1(b)(i) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, which amount shall represent the
difference between the original Principal Balance of the related Receivable and
the amount paid by the Seller to the Dealer or Consumer Lender (if such Consumer
Lender is not the Seller) for such Receivable (without giving effect to the
Seller netting from such amount the first payment due with respect to such
Receivable).

                  "NET CLASS B INVESTED AMOUNT" means, as of any date of
determination, the excess of (x) the Class B Invested Amount, over (y) 50% of
the market value of such Pledged Subordinate Securities as provided by the
Servicer to the Class B Note Purchasers pursuant to Section 3.05(a) of the Class
B Note Purchase Agreement.

                  "NET ELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES BALANCE" means, as of any date of
determination, the excess of (a) the aggregate Principal Balance of all Eligible
Receivables as of such date of determination (after giving effect to any
Available Funds allocable to principal payments made by the related Obligors)
over (b) the Excess Concentration Amount for the Eligible Receivables.

                  "NET LIQUIDATION PROCEEDS" means, with respect to a Liquidated
Receivable, all amounts realized with respect to such Receivable net of (i)
reasonable expenses incurred by the Servicer in connection with the collection
of such Receivable and the repossession and disposition of the Financed Vehicle
and the reasonable cost of legal counsel with the enforcement of a Liquidated
Receivable and (ii) amounts that are required to be refunded to the Obligor on
such Receivable; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Net Liquidation Proceeds with
respect to any Receivable shall in no event be less than zero.

                  "NOTES" means the Class A Notes and/or the Class B Notes, as
the context may require.

                  "NOTE DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT" means the account designated as
such, established and maintained pursuant to SECTION 5.1(b) of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

                  "NOTE INTEREST RATE" means, with respect to the Class A Notes,
the Class A Note Interest Rate, and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class
B Note Interest Rate.

                  "NOTE PAYING AGENT" means the Trustee or any other Person that
meets the eligibility standards for the Trustee specified in SECTION 6.11 of the
Indenture and is authorized by the Issuer to make the payments to and
distributions from the Collection Account and the Note Distribution Account,
including payment of principal of or interest on each class of Notes on behalf
of the Issuer.

                  "NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT" means the Class A Note Purchase
Agreement, in the case of the Class A Notes, or the Class B Note Purchase
Agreement, in the case of the Class B Notes.

                  "NOTE PURCHASER" means the Class A Note Purchaser, in the case
of the Class A Notes, or a Class B Note Purchaser, in the case of the Class B
Notes.

                  "NOTE REGISTER" and "NOTE REGISTRAR" have the respective
meanings specified in Section 2.4 of the Indenture.

                                      -82-
<PAGE>

                  "OBLIGOR" on a Receivable means the purchaser or co-purchasers
of the Financed Vehicle and any other Person who owes payments under the
Receivable.

                  "OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE" means a certificate signed by the
chairman of the board, the president, any vice chairman of the board, any vice
president, the treasurer, the controller or assistant treasurer or any assistant
controller, secretary or assistant secretary of the Seller, the Purchaser or the
Servicer, as appropriate.

                  "OPINION COLLATERAL" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.6(a) of the Indenture.

                  "OPINION OF COUNSEL" means a written opinion of counsel who
may be but need not be counsel to the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer,
which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee and the applicable
Note Purchaser and which opinion shall be acceptable in form and substance to
the Trustee and to the applicable Note Purchaser.

                  "OTHER CONVEYED PROPERTY" means all property conveyed by the
Seller to the Purchaser pursuant to SECTIONS 2.1 (a)(ii) through (xi) of the
Sale and Servicing Agreement and Section 2 of each Assignment.

                  "OUTSTANDING" means, as of the date of determination, the
Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered under the Indenture except:

                  (i) Notes theretofore canceled by the Note Registrar or
         delivered to the Note Registrar for cancellation;

                  (ii) Notes the payment for which money in the necessary amount
         has been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or any Note Paying
         Agent in trust for the Holders of such Notes (provided, however, that
         if such Notes are to be prepaid, notice of such prepayment has been
         duly given pursuant to the Indenture, satisfactory to the Trustee); and

                  (iii) Notes in exchange for or in lieu of one or more other
         Notes which have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the
         Indenture unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that
         any such Note is held by a bona fide purchaser.

                  "PERCENTAGE INTEREST" means, with respect to any Class A Note
or Class B Note, the percentage interest as specified on the face of such Note,
which when multiplied by the applicable Invested Amount outstanding on any date
of determination shall equal the principal amount outstanding on such Note as of
such date.

         ........."PERSON" means any individual, corporation, estate,
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint stock
company, trust (including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated organization
or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

                  "PHYSICAL PROPERTY" has the meaning given to such term in the
definition of "Delivery" above.

                  "PLAN" means any Person that is (i) an "employee benefit plan"
(as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to the provisions of Title
I of ERISA, (ii) a "plan" (as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code) that is
subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (ii) any entity whose underlying assets
include assets of a plan described in (i) or (ii) above by reason of such plan's
investment in the entity.

                  "PLEDGE AGREEMENT" means the Amended and Restated Pledge and
Security Agreement dated as of January 12, 2007 by and among CPS, the Class A
Note Purchaser and each Class B Note Purchaser, as such agreement may be further
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with
the terms thereof.

                  "PLEDGED ACCOUNT PROPERTY" means the Pledged Accounts, all
amounts and investments held from time to time in any Pledged Account (whether
in the form of deposit accounts, Physical Property, book-entry securities,
uncertificated securities or otherwise), and all proceeds of the foregoing.

                                      -83-
<PAGE>

                  "PLEDGED ACCOUNTS" has the meaning assigned thereto in SECTION
5.1(C) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "PLEDGED COLLATERAL" has the meaning assigned thereto in the
Pledge Agreement.

                  "PLEDGED SUBORDINATE SECURITY" means any subordinate classes
of asset-backed securities (including, without limitation, residual interest
securities) issued pursuant to a Securitization Transaction that are not sold on
the related Securitization Closing Date and which are paid to the Issuer as part
of the consideration for the sale of the related Receivables in such
Securitization Transaction, and that are delivered by the Issuer, as the owner
thereof, to the Trustee pursuant to Section 3.3 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and pledged by the Issuer to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class
B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders pursuant to Granting Clause II of
the Indenture.

                  "POST-OFFICE BOX" means the separate post-office box
established and maintained by the Servicer in the name of the Purchaser for the
benefit of the Trustee for the further benefit of the Noteholders and the Note
Purchasers, established and maintained pursuant to SECTION 4.2 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

                  "PRE-FUNDING PROCEEDS" has the meaning assigned thereto in
Section 10.1 of the Indenture.

                  "PRINCIPAL BALANCE" of a Receivable means the Amount Financed
minus the sum of the following amounts without duplication: (i) that portion of
all Scheduled Receivable Payments actually received on or prior to such day
allocable to principal using the Simple Interest Method; (ii) any Cram Down Loss
in respect of such Receivable; and (iii) any prepayment in full or any partial
prepayment applied to reduce the principal balance of the Receivable, all
measured as of the close of business on such day.

                  "PROCEEDING" means any suit in equity, action at law or other
judicial or administrative proceeding.

                  "PROGRAM" has the meaning specified in SECTION 4.11 of the
Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                   "PURCHASE AMOUNT" means, on any date with respect to a
Defective Receivable, the sum of (a) the Principal Balance of such Receivable as
of the date of purchase of such Receivable, and (b) all accrued and unpaid
interest on the Receivable.

                  "PURCHASE PRICE" means, with respect to each Receivable and
related Other Conveyed Property transferred to the Purchaser on the Closing Date
or on any Funding Date, an amount equal to the Principal Balance of such
Receivable as of the Closing Date or such Funding Date, as applicable.

                  "PURCHASED RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable purchased by the
Servicer pursuant to SECTION 4.7 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or
repurchased by the Seller pursuant to SECTION 3.2 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

                  "PURCHASER" means Page Three Funding LLC.

                  "PURCHASER PROPERTY" means the Receivables and Other Conveyed
Property, together with certain monies received after the related Cutoff Date,
the Receivables Insurance Policies, the Collection Account (including all
Eligible Investments therein and all proceeds therefrom), the Lockbox Account
and certain other rights under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "REALIZED LOSSES" means, with respect to any Receivable that
becomes a Liquidated Receivable, the excess of the Principal Balance of such
Liquidated Receivable over Net Liquidation Proceeds allocable to principal
thereof.

                  "RECEIVABLE" means each Contract listed on the Schedule of
Receivables and all rights and obligations thereunder, except for Receivables
that have become Purchased Receivables and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall
include all Related Receivables (other than Related Receivables that have become
Purchased Receivables).

                                      -84-
<PAGE>

                  "RECEIVABLE FILES" means the documents specified in SECTION
3.3(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "RECEIVABLES INSURANCE POLICY" means, with respect to a
Receivable, any insurance policy (including the insurance policies described in
SECTION 4.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement) benefiting the holder of the
Receivable providing loss or physical damage, credit life, credit accident,
health, credit disability, theft, mechanical breakdown or similar coverage with
respect to the Financed Vehicle or the Obligor, including without limitation any
GAP, vendor's single interest or other collateral protection insurance policy or
coverage.

                  "RECORD DATE" means, with respect to a Settlement Date, the
close of business on the day immediately preceding such Settlement Date.

                  "REGISTRAR OF TITLES" means, with respect to any state, the
governmental agency or body responsible for the registration of, and the
issuance of certificates of title relating to, motor vehicles and liens thereon.

                  "RELATED RECEIVABLES" means, with respect to a Funding Date,
the Receivables listed on SCHEDULE A to the applicable Assignment executed and
delivered by the Seller with respect to such Funding Date.

                  "RELEASE REQUEST" has the meaning specified in SECTION 3.5 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "REPOSSESSED RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable with respect to
which the earliest of the following shall have occurred: (i) the date the
Financed Vehicle is actually repossessed and (ii) 30 days after the date the
Financed Vehicle is authorized for repossession.

                  "RESPONSIBLE OFFICER" means, in the case of the Trustee, the
chairman or vice-chairman of the board of directors, the chairman or
vice-chairman of the executive committee of the board of directors, the
president, vice-president, assistant vice-president or managing director, the
secretary, and assistant secretary or any other officer of the Trustee
customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above
designated officers and also means, with respect to a particular corporate trust
matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such
officer's knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject.

                  "RULE 144A INFORMATION" has the meaning set forth in SECTION
3.26 of the Indenture.

                  "SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT" means the Amended and Restated
Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of January 12, 2007, among Page Three
Funding LLC, as Purchaser and Issuer, CPS, as Seller and Servicer, and Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association, as the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as the
same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof.

                  "SCHEDULED MATURITY DATE" means, with respect to the Class A
Notes, the Class A Scheduled Maturity Date and with respect to the Class B
Notes, the Class B Scheduled Maturity Date.

                  "SCHEDULED RECEIVABLE PAYMENT" means, with respect to any
Accrual Period for any Receivable, the amount set forth in such Receivable as
required to be paid by the Obligor in such Accrual Period. If after the Class A
Closing Date, the Obligor's obligation under a Receivable with respect to an
Accrual Period has been modified so as to differ from the amount specified in
such Receivable (i) as a result of the order of a court in an insolvency
proceeding involving the Obligor, (ii) pursuant to the Servicemembers Civil
Relief Act, or (iii) as a result of modifications or extensions of the
Receivable permitted by Section 4.2 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the
Scheduled Receivable Payment with respect to such Accrual Period shall refer to
the Obligor's payment obligation with respect to such Accrual Period as so
modified.

                                      -85-
<PAGE>

                  "SCHEDULE OF RECEIVABLES" means the schedule of all
Receivables purchased by the Purchaser pursuant to the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and each Assignment, which is attached as Schedule A to the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, as amended or supplemented from time to time upon each
Assignment of Receivables or in accordance with the terms of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

                  "SEASONED RECEIVABLE" shall mean an Eligible Receivable that
was sold to the Purchaser and pledged to the Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchasers more than 31 days after the Seller paid the
related Dealer or Consumer Lender (if such Consumer Lender is not the Seller)
for such Eligible Receivable.

                  "SEAWEST" means SeaWest Financial Corporation, a California
corporation.

                  "SECTION 341 MEETING" means a meeting held pursuant to Section
341(a) of the United States Bankruptcy Code (as the same may be amended from
time to time) in which an Obligor subject to a Insolvency Event under Chapter 7
of the United States Bankruptcy Code has presented his/her plan to the
bankruptcy court and all of his/her creditors.

                  "SECTION 341 RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable, the Obligor of
which has completed a Section 341 Meeting as of the applicable Cutoff Date.

                  "SECURED OBLIGATIONS" means all amounts and obligations which
the Issuer or the Purchaser may at any time owe under the Basic Documents to, or
on behalf of the Noteholders, the Note Purchasers and/or the Trustee for the
benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers (or any of them), in each
case whether now owed or hereafter arising.

                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                  "SECURITIZATION CLOSING DATE" shall mean the closing date for
a Securitization Transaction.

                  "SECURITIZATION DOCUMENTS" shall mean, collectively, all
agreements, documents, instruments and certificates executed and delivered in
connection with any Securitization Transaction.

                  "SECURITIZATION TRANSACTION" means a securitization of
Receivables.

                  "SELLER" means Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., and its
successors in interest to the extent permitted hereunder.

                  "SELLER'S CONTRACT PURCHASE GUIDELINES" means CPS's
established "Contract Purchase Guidelines", as the same may be amended from time
to time in accordance with Section 8.2(c) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "SERVICER" means, initially, Consumer Portfolio Services,
Inc., as the servicer of the Receivables, and each successor Servicer pursuant
to SECTION 10.3 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "SERVICER DELINQUENCY RATIO" means, as of the end of any
Accrual Period, a percentage equal to (i) the aggregate outstanding principal
balance as of the end of any Accrual Period of all automobile receivables
serviced by the Servicer or any Affiliate thereof (excluding automobile
receivables acquired or originated by MFN, TFC or SeaWest) as to which more than
10% of the scheduled receivable payment is more than 30 days contractually
delinquent as of the end of the immediately preceding Accrual Period, including
all receivables for which the related financed vehicle has been repossessed and
the proceeds thereof have not yet been realized by the Servicer divided by (ii)
the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all automobile receivables
serviced by the Servicer or any Affiliate thereof as of the end of the relevant
Accrual Period (excluding automobile receivables acquired or originated by MFN,
TFC or SeaWest).

                                      -86-
<PAGE>

                  "SERVICER EXTENSION NOTICE" has the meaning specified in
SECTION 4.15 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "SERVICER LOSS RATIO" means, as of any date, the average of
the loss ratios (expressed as a percentage) for the three Accrual Periods
immediately preceding such date, as computed based on the methodology set forth
in the Servicer's then most recent report on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, as
applicable, for calculation of net losses on automobile receivables originated
and serviced by the Servicer (excluding all automobile receivables originated or
acquired by MFN, TFC or SeaWest).

                  "SERVICER TERMINATION EVENT" means an event specified in
SECTION 10.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "SERVICER TERMINATION SIDE LETTER" means the Amended and
Restated Servicer Termination Side Letter dated January 12, 2007, from the
Controlling Note Purchaser to the Servicer, as the same may be further amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the
terms thereof.

                  "SERVICER'S CERTIFICATE" means a certificate completed and
executed by a Servicing Officer and delivered pursuant to SECTION 4.9 of the
Sale and Servicing Agreement, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT A to the Sale
and Servicing Agreement.

                  "SERVICING ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT" means the Servicing
Assumption Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2005, among Consumer Portfolio
Services, Inc., as Seller and Servicer, the Backup Servicer and the Trustee, as
amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto dated as of January 12, 2007, as the same may
be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with the terms thereof.

                  "SERVICING FEE" has the meaning specified in SECTION 4.8 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "SERVICING FEE PERCENTAGE" means 2.50%, provided that if
Backup Servicer is the Servicer, the Servicing Fee Percentage shall be
determined in accordance with Servicing Assumption Agreement.

                  "SERVICING GUIDELINES" means CPS's established servicing
guidelines, as the same may be amended from time to time in accordance with
Section 9.1(k) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "SERVICING OFFICER" means any Person whose name appears on a
list of Servicing Officers delivered to the Trustee and the Note Purchasers, as
the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.

                  "SETTLEMENT DATE" means, with respect to each Accrual Period,
the 15th day of the following calendar month, or if such day is not a Business
Day, the immediately following Business Day.

                  "SIMPLE INTEREST METHOD" means the method of allocating a
fixed level payment between principal and interest, pursuant to which the
portion of such payment that is allocated to interest is equal to the product of
the APR multiplied by the unpaid balance multiplied by the period of time
(expressed as a fraction of a year, based on the actual number of days in the
calendar month and the actual number of days in the calendar year) elapsed since
the preceding payment of interest was made and the remainder of such payment is
allocable to principal.

                  "SIMPLE INTEREST RECEIVABLE" means a Receivable under which
the portion of the payment allocable to interest and the portion allocable to
principal is determined in accordance with the Simple Interest Method.

                  "STANDARD & POOR'S" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services,
a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., or its successor.

                  "STATE" means any one of the 50 states of the United States of
America or the District of Columbia.

                                      -87-
<PAGE>

                  "SUBSIDIARY" means, with respect to any Person, any
corporation, partnership, association or other business entity of which a
majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests
having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or their equivalent
is at the time owned by such Person directly or through one or more
Subsidiaries.

                  "TAXES" has the meaning set forth in SECTION 3.04 of each Note
Purchase Agreement.

                  "TERM" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the Class A
Term and with respect to the Class B Notes, the Class B Term.

                  "TERMINATION DATE" means the date on which the Trustee shall
have received payment and performance of all Secured Obligations and disbursed
such payments in accordance with the Basic Documents and any and all other
amounts due and payable to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant to
the Basic Documents have been paid in full.

                  "TEXAS FRANCHISE TAX" means any tax imposed by the State of
Texas pursuant to Tex. Tax Code Ann. ss. 171.001 (Vernon 2005), as amended by
Tex. H.B. 3, 79th Leg., 3d C.S. (2006).

                  "TFC" means The Finance Company, Inc., a Virginia corporation.

                  "TRUST ESTATE" means all money, instruments, rights and other
property that are subject or intended to be subject to the lien and security
interest of the Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note
Purchasers, including all Collateral Granted to the Trustee for the benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers pursuant to Granting Clause I of the
Indenture, all Pledged Subordinate Securities Granted to the Trustee for the
benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers pursuant to
Granting Clause II of the Indenture, and all UBS Cross Collateral Granted to the
Trustee for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note
Purchasers pursuant to Granting Clause III of the UBS Indenture.

                  "TRUST RECEIPT" means a trust receipt in substantially the
form of EXHIBIT B to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "TRUSTEE" means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a
national banking association, not in its individual capacity but as trustee
under the Indenture, or any successor trustee under the Indenture.

                  "TRUSTEE FEE" means (A) the fee payable to the Trustee on each
Settlement Date in an amount equal to the greater of $2,000 and (b) one-twelfth
of 0.04% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes on the first
day of the related Accrual Period, and (B) any other amounts payable to the
Trustee pursuant to the Fee Schedule, including Custodial Fees.

                  "UBS BASIC DOCUMENTS" has the meaning assigned to the term
"Basic Documents" in Annex A to the UBS Sale and Servicing Agreement.

                  "UBS CROSS COLLATERAL" has the meaning specified in Granting
Clause III of the UBS Indenture.

                  "UBS INDENTURE" means the Amended and Restated Indenture dated
as of April 18, 2006 between Page Funding LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as trustee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

                  "UBS INDENTURE TRUSTEE" means Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but
as trustee under the UBS Indenture, or any successor trustee under the UBS
Indenture.

                  "UBS INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT" means the Intercreditor
Agreement by and among UBS Real Estate Securities Inc., The Patriot Group, LLC,
Waterfall Eden Fund, LP, Page Funding, LLC, CPS and the UBS Indenture Trustee,
as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
in accordance with the terms thereof.

                                      -88-
<PAGE>

                  "UBS SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT" means the Second Amended
and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of April 18, 2006, by and
among Page Funding LLC, as Purchaser and Issuer, CPS, as Seller and Servicer,
and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the Backup Servicer and the
Trustee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

                  "UBS SECURED OBLIGATIONS" means all amounts and obligations
which Page Funding LLC may at any time owe under the UBS Warehouse Facility to,
or on behalf of, the holders of the Class B notes issued thereunder, the Class B
note purchasers thereunder and/or the UBS Indenture Trustee for the benefit of
the holders of the Class B notes issued thereunder and the Class B note
purchasers thereunder, in each case whether now owed or hereafter arising.

                  "UBS WAREHOUSE FACILITY" means the transactions contemplated
by the UBS Basic Documents.

                  "UBS WAREHOUSE FACILITY AMENDMENT DATE" means the date on
which the UBS Basic Documents are amended and restated in a manner that
substantially conforms to the terms and provisions of the Basic Documents as
they apply to the issuance of the Class B Notes, as determined in the reasonable
discretion of the Class B Note Purchasers.

                  "UBS WAREHOUSE FACILITY TERMINATION DATE" means the date on
which the commitment of the Class A note purchaser to make advances under the
UBS Basic Documents is terminated in accordance with the terms of the UBS Basic
Documents, unless such commitment is extended by the Class A note purchaser in
accordance with the terms of the UBS Basic Documents.

                  "UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the
relevant jurisdiction, as amended from time to time.

                                      -89-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cps_10kex10-11.txt
<DESCRIPTION>VARIABLE FUNDING NOTE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.11






                                  $200,000,000

                         Variable Funding Note, Class A


                                   $25,000,000


                         Variable Funding Note, Class B

                        ---------------------------------

                         AMENDED AND RESTATED INDENTURE

                          Dated as of January 12, 2007



                       -----------------------------------

                             PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC,
                                     Issuer

                                       and

                     WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
                                     Trustee




<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>     <C>

                                                    TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                           PAGE NO.

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE..............................................................4

   SECTION 1.1          Definitions...............................................................................4
   SECTION 1.2          [Reserved]................................................................................4
   SECTION 1.3          Other Definitional Provisions.............................................................4

ARTICLE II THE NOTES..............................................................................................5

   SECTION 2.1          Form......................................................................................5
   SECTION 2.2          Execution, Authentication and Delivery....................................................5
   SECTION 2.3          [Reserved]................................................................................6
   SECTION 2.4          Registration; Registration of Transfer and Exchange.......................................6
   SECTION 2.5          Restrictions on Transfer and Exchange.....................................................7
   SECTION 2.6          Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Note.................................................9
   SECTION 2.7          Persons Deemed Owner.....................................................................10
   SECTION 2.8          Payment of Principal and Interest; Defaulted Interest....................................10
   SECTION 2.9          Cancellation.............................................................................10
   SECTION 2.10         Release of Trust Estate..................................................................11
   SECTION 2.11         Amount Limited; Advances.................................................................11

ARTICLE III COVENANTS............................................................................................12

   SECTION 3.1          Payment of Principal and Interest........................................................12
   SECTION 3.2          Maintenance of Office or Agency..........................................................12
   SECTION 3.3          Money for Payments to be Held in Trust...................................................13
   SECTION 3.4          Existence................................................................................14
   SECTION 3.5          Protection of Trust Estate...............................................................14
   SECTION 3.6          Opinions as to Trust Estate..............................................................15
   SECTION 3.7          Performance of Obligations; Servicing of Receivables.....................................16
   SECTION 3.8          Negative Covenants.......................................................................16
   SECTION 3.9          Annual Statement as to Compliance........................................................18
   SECTION 3.10         Issuer May Consolidate, Etc. Only with Consent...........................................18
   SECTION 3.11         Successor or Transferee..................................................................18
   SECTION 3.12         No Other Business........................................................................18
   SECTION 3.13         No Borrowing.............................................................................18
   SECTION 3.14         Servicer's Obligations...................................................................19
   SECTION 3.15         Guarantees, Loans, Advances and Other Liabilities........................................19
   SECTION 3.16         Capital Expenditures.....................................................................19
   SECTION 3.17         Compliance with Laws.....................................................................19
   SECTION 3.18         Restricted Payments......................................................................19
   SECTION 3.19         Notice of Events of Default and Funding Termination Events...............................19
   SECTION 3.20         Further Instruments and Acts.............................................................19
   SECTION 3.21         Amendments of Sale and Servicing Agreement...............................................20
   SECTION 3.22         Income Tax Characterization..............................................................20
   SECTION 3.23         Separate Existence of the Issuer.........................................................20
   SECTION 3.24         Amendment of Issuer's Organizational Documents...........................................20
   SECTION 3.25         Other Agreements.........................................................................20
   SECTION 3.26         Rule 144A Information....................................................................20
   SECTION 3.27         Change of Control........................................................................20

ARTICLE IV SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE............................................................................21

   SECTION 4.1          Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture..................................................21
   SECTION 4.2          Application of Trust Money...............................................................22
   SECTION 4.3          Repayment of Moneys Held by Note Paying Agent............................................22

                                                          -i-
<PAGE>

                                                    TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                           PAGE NO.

ARTICLE V REMEDIES...............................................................................................22

   SECTION 5.1          Events of Default........................................................................22
   SECTION 5.2          Rights Upon Event of Default.............................................................24
   SECTION 5.3          Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee..........................25
   SECTION 5.4          Remedies.................................................................................26
   SECTION 5.5          Optional Preservation of the Receivables.................................................27
   SECTION 5.6          Priorities...............................................................................28
   SECTION 5.7          Limitation of Suits......................................................................29
   SECTION 5.8          Unconditional Rights of the Noteholders To Receive Principal and Interest................31
   SECTION 5.9          Restoration of Rights and Remedies.......................................................31
   SECTION 5.10         Rights and Remedies Cumulative...........................................................31
   SECTION 5.11         Delay or Omission Not a Waiver...........................................................31
   SECTION 5.12         [Reserved]...............................................................................31
   SECTION 5.13         Waiver of Past Defaults..................................................................32
   SECTION 5.14         Undertaking for Costs....................................................................32
   SECTION 5.15         Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws.........................................................32
   SECTION 5.16         Sale of Trust Estate.....................................................................32

ARTICLE VI THE TRUSTEE...........................................................................................34

   SECTION 6.1          Duties of Trustee........................................................................34
   SECTION 6.2          Rights of Trustee........................................................................36
   SECTION 6.3          Individual Rights of Trustee.............................................................36
   SECTION 6.4          Trustee's Disclaimer.....................................................................37
   SECTION 6.5          Notice of Defaults.......................................................................37
   SECTION 6.6          Reports by Trustee to the Noteholders....................................................37
   SECTION 6.7          Compensation and Indemnity...............................................................37
   SECTION 6.8          Replacement of Trustee...................................................................37
   SECTION 6.9          Successor Trustee by Merger..............................................................38
   SECTION 6.10         Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee............................................38
   SECTION 6.11         Eligibility: Disqualification............................................................39
   SECTION 6.12         [RESERVED]...............................................................................39
   SECTION 6.13         Appointment and Powers...................................................................40
   SECTION 6.14         Performance of Duties....................................................................40
   SECTION 6.15         Limitation on Liability..................................................................40
   SECTION 6.16         [Reserved]...............................................................................41
   SECTION 6.17         Successor Trustee........................................................................41
   SECTION 6.18         [Reserved]...............................................................................42
   SECTION 6.19         Representations and Warranties of the Trustee............................................42
   SECTION 6.20         Waiver of Setoffs........................................................................42
   SECTION 6.21         Control by the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
   Priority Class       .........................................................................................42

ARTICLE VII [RESERVED]...........................................................................................43

ARTICLE VIII COLLECTION OF MONEY AND RELEASES OF TRUST ESTATE....................................................43

   SECTION 8.1          Collection of Money......................................................................43
   SECTION 8.2          Release of Trust Estate..................................................................43

ARTICLE IX SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES...............................................................................44

   SECTION 9.1          Supplemental Indentures with Consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
                        Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class................................................44
   SECTION 9.2          Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Note Purchasers and Noteholders..................45
   SECTION 9.3          Execution of Supplemental Indentures.....................................................47
   SECTION 9.4          Effect of Supplemental Indenture.........................................................47

                                                          -ii-
<PAGE>

                                                    TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                           PAGE NO.

ARTICLE X REPAYMENT AND PREPAYMENT OF NOTES......................................................................47

   SECTION 10.1         Repayment of the Notes; Optional Prepayment of the Notes.................................47
   SECTION 10.2         Notice of Prepayment.....................................................................48
   SECTION 10.3         General Procedures.......................................................................48

ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS.........................................................................................49

   SECTION 11.1         Compliance Certificates and Opinions, etc................................................49
   SECTION 11.2         Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee...................................................50
   SECTION 11.3         Acts of Noteholders or Note Purchasers...................................................50
   SECTION 11.4         Notices, etc., to Trustee, Issuer, the Note Purchasers and Noteholders...................51
   SECTION 11.5         Waiver...................................................................................52
   SECTION 11.6         Alternate Payment and Notice Provisions..................................................52
   SECTION 11.7         Effect of Headings and Table of Contents.................................................52
   SECTION 11.8         Successors and Assigns...................................................................53
   SECTION 11.9         Benefits of Indenture....................................................................53
   SECTION 11.10        Severability.............................................................................53
   SECTION 11.11        Legal Holidays...........................................................................53
   SECTION 11.12        Governing Law............................................................................53
   SECTION 11.13        Counterparts.............................................................................53
   SECTION 11.14        Recording of Indenture...................................................................53
   SECTION 11.15        Issuer Obligation........................................................................54
   SECTION 11.16        No Petition..............................................................................54
   SECTION 11.17        Inspection...............................................................................54
   SECTION 11.18        Market Value.............................................................................54
   SECTION 11.19        Intercreditor Agreement to Control.......................................................55
   SECTION 11.20        Controlling Note Purchaser; Majority Noteholders of Highest Priority Class...............55
   SECTION 11.21        Separate Grants..........................................................................56
   SECTION 11.22        Entire Agreement.........................................................................56


EXHIBITS
- --------

Exhibit A-1       Form of Class A Note
Exhibit A-2       Form of Class B Note
Exhibit B         Form of Transferor Representation Letter
Exhibit C         Form of Transferee Representation Letter (Qualified Institutional Buyers)
Exhibit D         Form of Transferee Representation Letter (Institutional Accredited Investors)
Exhibit E         Form of Collateral Release Letter
</TABLE>

                                                         -iii-
<PAGE>

         AMENDED AND RESTATED INDENTURE dated as of January 12, 2007
("INDENTURE"), by and between PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the "ISSUER") and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a
national banking association, as trustee (the "TRUSTEE").

         Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other parties and
for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and each Holder of the Issuer's Variable
Funding Notes, Class A (the "CLASS A NOTES") and each Holder of the Issuer's
Variable Funding Notes, Class B (the "CLASS B NOTES" and, together with the
Class A Notes, the "NOTES"):

         To secure the payment of principal of and interest on, and any other
amounts owing in respect of the Notes, the other Secured Obligations and any and
all other amounts due and payable to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders
under the Basic Documents, and to secure compliance with this Indenture, the
Issuer has agreed to pledge the Collateral (as defined below) as collateral to
the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

         In addition, to secure the payment of principal of and interest on, and
any other amounts owing in respect of the Class B Notes, the UBS Secured
Obligations and any and all other amounts due and payable to the Class B Note
Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders under the Basic Documents, and to secure
compliance with this Indenture, the Issuer has agreed to pledge the Pledged
Subordinate Securities as collateral to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class
B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers.

         Furthermore, to secure the payment of principal of and interest on, and
any other amounts owing in respect of the Class B notes issued pursuant to the
UBS Indenture and any and all other amounts due and payable to the Class B note
purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents, and to
secure compliance with the UBS Indenture, the Issuer has agreed to pledge the
Bear Cross Collateral, on a subordinated basis and subject to the Intercreditor
Agreement, as collateral to the UBS Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the
Class B noteholders and the Class B note purchasers under the UBS Basic
Documents.

         As security for the payment and performance by the Issuer of the
Secured Obligations, the Issuer has agreed to assign the Collateral (as defined
below) as collateral to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the
Note Purchasers.

         In addition, as security for the payment and performance by the Issuer
of the Secured Obligations owing to the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note
Purchasers and the UBS Secured Obligations, the Issuer has agreed to assign the
Pledged Subordinate Securities as collateral to the Trustee for the benefit of
the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers.

         Furthermore, as security for the payment and performance by the Issuer
of the UBS Secured Obligations owing to the Class B noteholders and the Class B
note purchasers under the UBS Basic Documents, and as consideration for the
assignment by Page Funding, LLC, on a subordinated basis and subject to the UBS
Intercreditor Agreement, of the UBS Cross Collateral as collateral to the
Trustee for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note
Purchasers, the Issuer has agreed to assign, on a subordinated basis and subject
to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Bear Cross Collateral as collateral to the
UBS Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B noteholders and the Class B
note purchasers under the UBS Basic Documents.

                                GRANTING CLAUSES

         I. The Issuer hereby Grants to the Trustee on each Funding Date, as
Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, all right,
title and interest of the Issuer, whether now existing or hereafter arising, in
and to the following;

         (a) the Receivables listed in the Schedule of Receivables and each
Addition Notice;

         (b) all monies received under the Receivables after the related Cutoff
Date and all Net Liquidation Proceeds received with respect to the Receivables
on and after the related Cutoff Date;

                                      -1-
<PAGE>

         (c) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles and any accessions
thereto granted by Obligors pursuant to the related Contracts and any other
interest of the Issuer in such Financed Vehicles, including, without limitation,
the certificates of title or, with respect to such Financed Vehicles in the
States listed in Annex B to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, other evidence of
title issued by the applicable Department of Motor Vehicles or similar authority
in such States, with respect to such Financed Vehicles;

         (d) any proceeds from claims on any Receivables Insurance Policies or
certificates relating to the Financed Vehicles securing the Receivables or the
Obligors thereunder;

         (e) all proceeds from recourse against Dealers or Consumer Lenders with
respect to the Receivables and all other rights (but none of the obligations) of
the Seller under any agreements with Dealers or Consumer Lenders;

         (f) refunds for the costs of extended service contracts with respect to
Financed Vehicles securing Receivables, refunds of unearned premiums with
respect to credit life and credit accident and health insurance policies or
certificates covering an Obligor or Financed Vehicle under a Receivable or his
or her obligations with respect to a Financed Vehicle and any recourse to
Dealers or Consumer Lenders for any of the foregoing;

         (g) the Receivable File related to each Receivable and all other
documents that the Issuer keeps on file in accordance with its customary
procedures relating to the Receivables, for Obligors of the Financed Vehicles;

         (h) all amounts and property from time to time held in or credited to
the Collection Account, the Note Distribution Account and the Lockbox Account;

         (i) all property (including the right to receive future Net Liquidation
Proceeds) that secures a Receivable that has been acquired by or on behalf of
the Seller, the Purchaser or the Issuer pursuant to a liquidation of such
Receivable;

         (j) all of the rights and benefits (but none of the obligations of the
Issuer) under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and all other Basic Documents,
including a direct right to cause the Seller to purchase Receivables from the
Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement under the circumstances
specified therein;

         (k) each Note Purchase Agreement (to the extent of the Issuer's rights
against, but not including any of its obligations to, the Seller);

         (l) the proceeds from any Servicer's errors and omissions policy or
fidelity bond, to the extent that such proceeds relate to any Receivable,
Financed Vehicle or other Collateral; and

         (m) all present and future claims, demands, causes and choses in action
in respect of any or all of the foregoing and all payments on or under and all
proceeds of every kind and nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the
foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary,
into cash or other liquid property, all cash proceeds, accounts, accounts
receivable, notes, drafts, acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts,
insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, rights to payment of any and every kind
and other forms of obligations and receivables, instruments and other property
which at any time constitute all or part of or are included in the proceeds of
any of the foregoing (collectively, the property described in this Granting
Clause I, the "COLLATERAL").

         The foregoing Grant is made in trust to the Trustee, for the benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, to secure the payment of principal of
and interest on, and any other amounts owing in respect of the Notes, to secure
the payment of all Secured Obligations and any and all other amounts due and
payable to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders under the Basic Documents, in
each case whether now owed or hereafter arising, and to secure compliance with
this Indenture. The Trustee hereby acknowledges such Grant, accepts the trusts
under this Indenture in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and
agrees to perform its duties as required in this Indenture.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

         The Grant of Liens pursuant to the foregoing Granting Clause I shall be
deemed to constitute two separate and distinct grants of Liens and because of,
among other things, their differing rights in the Collateral, obligations to the
Class A Note Purchasers and the Class A Noteholders, on the one hand, are
fundamentally different from the obligations to the Class B Note Purchasers and
the Class B Noteholders, on the other hand, and must be separately classified in
any plan of reorganization proposed or adopted in an Insolvency Proceeding. To
further effectuate the intent of the parties as provided in the immediately
preceding sentence, if it is held that the claims of the Class A Note Purchaser
and the Class A Noteholders, on the one hand, and the claims of the Class B Note
Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders, on the other hand, in each case in
respect of the Collateral constitute only one secured claim (rather than
separate classes of senior and junior secured claims), then the Class B Note
Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders hereby acknowledge and agree that all
distributions shall be made as if there were separate classes of senior and
junior secured claims in respect of the Collateral (with the effect being that,
to the extent that the aggregate value of the Collateral is sufficient (for this
purpose ignoring all claims held by the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B
Noteholders), the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders shall be
entitled to receive, in addition to amounts distributed to them in respect of
principal, pre-petition interest and other claims, all amounts owing in respect
of post-petition interest, with the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B
Noteholders hereby acknowledging and agreeing to turn over to the Trustee for
application in accordance with the terms of the Basic Documents amounts
otherwise received or receivable by them with respect to the Collateral (but not
with respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities or the Class B Available
Funds) to the extent necessary to effectuate the intent of this sentence, even
if such turnover has the effect of reducing the claim or recovery of the Class B
Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders.

         II. The Issuer hereby Grants to the Trustee, as Trustee for the benefit
of the Class B Noteholders and each Class B Note Purchaser, all right, title and
interest of the Issuer, whether now existing or hereafter arising, in and to the
following;

         (a) any Pledged Subordinate Securities delivered to the Trustee
pursuant to Section 3.3(c) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement; and

         (b) all present and future claims, demands, causes and choses in action
in respect of any or all of the foregoing and all payments on or under and all
proceeds of every kind and nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the
foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary,
into cash or other liquid property, all cash proceeds, accounts, accounts
receivable, notes, drafts, acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts,
insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, rights to payment of any and every kind
and other forms of obligations and receivables, instruments and other property
which at any time constitute all or part of or are included in the proceeds of
any of the foregoing.

         The foregoing Grant is made in trust to the Trustee, for the benefit of
the Class B Noteholders and each Class B Note Purchaser, to secure the payment
of principal of and interest on, and any other amounts owing in respect of the
Class B Notes, to secure the payment of all Secured Obligations, all UBS Secured
Obligations and any and all other amounts due and payable, in each case, to the
Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders pursuant to the Basic
Documents and to secure compliance with this Indenture. The Trustee hereby
acknowledges such Grant, accepts the trusts under this Indenture in accordance
with the provisions of this Indenture and agrees to perform its duties as
required in this Indenture.

         III. The Issuer hereby Grants to the UBS Indenture Trustee, as trustee
for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders under
the UBS Basic Documents, all right, title and interest of the Issuer (subject to
Granting Clause I and the Intercreditor Agreement), whether now existing or
hereafter arising, in and to the following;

         (a) the Collateral; and

         (b) all present and future claims, demands, causes and choses in action
in respect of any or all of the foregoing and all payments on or under and all
proceeds of every kind and nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the
foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary,
into cash or other liquid property, all cash proceeds, accounts, accounts
receivable, notes, drafts, acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts,


                                      -3-
<PAGE>

insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, rights to payment of any and every kind
and other forms of obligations and receivables, instruments and other property
which at any time constitute all or part of or are included in the proceeds of
any of the foregoing (collectively, the property described in this Granting
Clause III, the "BEAR CROSS COLLATERAL").

         The foregoing Grant is made in trust to the UBS Indenture Trustee, as
trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B
noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents, to secure the payment of principal of
and interest on, and any other amounts owing in respect of all UBS Secured
Obligations and any and all other amounts due and payable, in each case, to the
Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders pursuant to the UBS Basic
Documents and to secure compliance with the UBS Indenture. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any of the Basic Documents or
the UBS Basic Documents, the foregoing Grant is expressly (i) subordinate to,
and subject to the prior Lien of the Trustee, the Class A Noteholders and the
Class A Note Purchasers granted pursuant to Granting Clause I and (ii) subject
to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, and, in the event of
a conflict between the terms and provisions of this Indenture, on the one hand,
and the Intercreditor Agreement, on the other hand, the terms and provisions of
the Intercreditor Agreement shall control.

                                    ARTICLE I

                   DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

         SECTION 1.1 DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in Annex A to
the Amended and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of January 12,
2007 among the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Purchaser, the Backup
Servicer and the Trustee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with its terms (the "SALE AND SERVICING
AGREEMENT").

         SECTION 1.2 [RESERVED].

         SECTION 1.3 OTHER DEFINITIONAL PROVISIONS.

         (i) All terms defined in this Indenture shall have the defined meanings
when used in any instrument governed hereby and in any certificate or other
document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein.

         (ii) Accounting terms used but not defined or partly defined in this
Indenture, in any instrument governed hereby or in any certificate or other
document made or delivered pursuant hereto, to the extent not defined, shall
have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP or any such instrument,
certificate or other document, as applicable. To the extent that the definitions
of accounting terms in this Indenture or in any such instrument, certificate or
other document are inconsistent with the meanings of such terms under GAAP, the
definitions contained in this Indenture or in any such instrument, certificate
or other document shall control.

         (iii) The words "HEREOF," "HEREIN," "HEREUNDER" and words of similar
import when used in this Indenture shall refer to this Indenture as a whole and
not to any particular provision of this Indenture.

         (iv) Section, Schedule and Exhibit references contained in this
Indenture are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to this
Indenture unless otherwise specified; and the term "INCLUDING" shall mean
"INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION."

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

         (v) The definitions contained in this Indenture are applicable to the
singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well
as to the feminine and neuter genders of such terms.

         (vi) Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein
or in any instrument or certificate delivered in connection herewith means such
agreement, instrument or statute as the same may from time to time be amended,
modified or supplemented and includes (in the case of agreements or instruments)
references to all attachments and instruments associated therewith; all
references to a Person include its permitted successors and assigns.

         (vii) The singular form of the terms "NOTE" and "NOTEHOLDER" shall not
preclude issuance of more than one Note or ownership of Notes by more than one
Noteholder. The singular forms of such terms shall also mean the plural forms of
such terms and the plural form of such terms shall also mean the singular form
thereof, in each case as the context requires.

                                   ARTICLE II

                                    THE NOTES

         SECTION 2.1 FORM. The Notes, together with the Trustee's certificate of
authentication, shall be in substantially the form set forth in EXHIBIT A-1 (in
the case of the Class A Notes) and EXHIBIT A-2 (in the case of the Class B
Notes), with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other
variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture and may have such
letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or
endorsements placed thereon as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the
officers executing the Notes, as evidenced by their execution of the Notes. Any
portion of the text of the Notes may be set forth on the reverse thereof, with
an appropriate reference thereto on the face of the Notes. The Class A Notes
were originally issued on the Class A Closing Date and the Class B Notes will be
issued on the Class B Closing Date. Each class of Notes shall be subject to
Advances and prepayments from time to time in accordance with SECTION 2.11 and
ARTICLE X, respectively.

         (a) The Notes shall be typewritten, printed, lithographed or engraved
or produced by any combination of these methods (with or without steel engraved
borders), all as determined by the officers executing the Notes, as evidenced by
their execution of the Notes.

         (b) The terms of the Notes set forth in EXHIBITS A-1 AND A-2 are part
of the terms of this Indenture.

         SECTION 2.2 EXECUTION, AUTHENTICATION AND DELIVERY. The Notes shall be
executed on behalf of the Issuer by any of its Authorized Officers. The
signature of any such Authorized Officer on the Notes may be manual or
facsimile.

         (a) A Note bearing the manual or facsimile signature of individuals who
were at any time Authorized Officers of the Issuer shall bind the Issuer,
notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such
offices prior to the authentication and delivery of such Note or did not hold
such offices at the date of such Note.

         (b) The Trustee shall upon receipt of an Issuer Order for
authentication and delivery, authenticate and deliver each class of Notes for
original issue in an aggregate principal amount up to, but not in excess of, the
Class A Maximum Invested Amount, in the case of the Class A Notes, and the Class
B Maximum Invested Amount, in the case of the Class B Notes.

         (c) Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication.

         (d) No Note shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be
valid or obligatory for any purpose, unless there appears attached to such Note
a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein,


                                      -5-
<PAGE>

executed by the Trustee by the manual signature of one of its authorized
signatories, and such certificate attached to such Note shall be conclusive
evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note has been duly authenticated and
delivered hereunder.

         SECTION 2.3 [RESERVED]

         SECTION 2.4 REGISTRATION; REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE. The
Issuer shall cause the Trustee to keep a register (the "NOTE REGISTER") in
which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe and subject to
the provisions of Section 2.5, the Trustee shall provide for the registration of
the Notes, and the registration of transfers and exchanges of the Notes. The
Trustee shall be "NOTE REGISTRAR" for the purpose of registering the Notes and
transfers of the Notes as herein provided. Upon any resignation or removal of
any Note Registrar, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor.

         (a) If a Person other than the Trustee is appointed by the Issuer as
Note Registrar, such Person must be acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser
and, in addition, the Issuer will give the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders prompt written notice of the appointment of such Note Registrar
(once approved by the Controlling Note Purchaser) and of the location, and any
change in the location, of the Note Register, and the Trustee shall have the
right to inspect the Note Register at all reasonable times and to obtain copies
thereof. The Trustee shall have the right to conclusively rely upon a
certificate executed on behalf of the Note Registrar by an Executive Officer
thereof as to the name and address of each Holder of a Note and the Percentage
Interest and number of each Note.

         (b) Subject to SECTION 2.5 hereof, upon surrender for registration of
transfer of a Note at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained as
provided in SECTION 3.2, if the requirements of Section 8-401(a) of the UCC are
met, the Trustee shall have the Issuer execute and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or
transferees, one or more new Notes in the minimum Percentage Interest of 1%
representing in the aggregate the Percentage Interest on the face of the Note to
be transferred.

         (c) At the option of a Holder, a Note may be exchanged for another Note
in any authorized Percentage Interest, of the same class and a like aggregate
Percentage Interest, upon surrender of the Note to be exchanged at such office
or agency. Whenever a Note is so surrendered for exchange, subject to SECTION
2.5 hereof, if the requirements of Section 8-401(a) of the UCC are met, the
Issuer shall execute, and upon request by the Issuer the Trustee shall
authenticate, and the Noteholder shall obtain from the Trustee, the Note which
the Noteholder making the exchange is entitled to receive.

         (d) The Note or Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or
exchange of a Note shall be the valid obligation of the Issuer, evidencing, in
the aggregate, the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this
Indenture, as the Note surrendered upon such registration of transfer or
exchange.

         (e) Every Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or
exchange shall be (i) duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written assignment
in substantially the form attached to EXHIBIT A duly executed by, the Holder
thereof or such Holder's attorney, duly authorized in writing, with such
signature guaranteed by an "ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION" meeting the
requirements of the Note Registrar which requirements include membership or
participation in Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program ("STAMP") or such
other "SIGNATURE GUARANTEE PROGRAM" as may be determined by the Note Registrar
in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (ii) accompanied by such other
documents as the Trustee may require.

         (f) No service charge shall be made to a Holder for any registration of
transfer or exchange of a Note, but the Note Registrar may require payment of a
sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed
in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of a Note, other
than exchanges pursuant to SECTION 9.6 not involving any transfer.

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

         (g) The preceding provisions of this SECTION 2.4 notwithstanding, the
Issuer shall not be required to make and the Note Registrar shall not register
transfers or exchanges of a Note selected for redemption or of any Note for a
period of two (2) Business Days preceding the due date for any payment with
respect to such Note.

         SECTION 2.5 RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE.

         (a) No transfer of a Note shall be made unless the transferor thereof
has provided a representation letter substantially in the form of EXHIBIT B that
such transfer is (i) to the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer, or (ii) in
compliance with Section 2.5(b) hereof, to a qualified purchaser (as defined
under Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act) that is a qualified
institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in a
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A under the Securities Act, or
(iii) in compliance with Section 2.5(c) hereof, to a qualified purchaser (as
defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act) that is an
institutional "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or
(7) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, or (iv) to a qualified
purchaser (as defined under Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act) in a
transaction complying with or exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any
state of the United States or any other jurisdiction; PROVIDED, that (except
with respect to the transfer of the Note or Advance made by the Noteholder), in
the case of CLAUSES (IV) the Trustee or the Issuer may require an Opinion of
Counsel to the effect that such transfer may be effected without registration
under the Securities Act, which Opinion of Counsel, if so required, shall be
addressed to the Issuer and the Trustee and shall be secured at the expense of
the Holder. Each prospective purchaser by its acquisition of a Note,
acknowledges that such Note will contain a legend substantially to the effect
set forth in SECTION 2.5(E) (unless the Issuer determines otherwise in
accordance with applicable law).

         Any transfer or exchange of a Note to a proposed transferee shall be
conducted in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.4, and shall be
contingent upon receipt by the Note Registrar of (A) such Note properly endorsed
for assignment or transfer, (B) written instruction from such transferring
Holder directing the Note Registrar to cause the transfer to such transferees,
in such Percentage Interests (not to exceed the Percentage Interest on the face
of the Note to be transferred) as the transferring Holder shall specify in such
instructions; and (C) such certificates or signatures as may be required under
such Note or this Section 2.5, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Note Registrar. The Note Registrar shall cause any such transfers and
related cancellations or increases and related reductions, as applicable, to be
properly recorded in its books in accordance with the requirements of Section
2.4.

         (b) If a Note is sold to a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in Section
2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act) that is a "qualified institutional
buyer" (as defined in Rule 144A of the Securities Act) purchasing for its own
account or for the account of another "qualified purchaser" that is a "qualified
institutional buyer," such Note shall be issued as a certificated Note in
definitive, fully registered form without interest coupons with the applicable
legends set forth in the form of the Note registered in the name of the
beneficial owner or a nominee thereof, duly executed by the Issuer and
authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided. Any transfer to a
"qualified purchaser" that is a "qualified institutional buyer" is expressly
conditioned upon the requirement that such transferee shall deliver a
representation letter in the form of EXHIBIT C.

         (c) If the Note is sold in the United States to U.S. Persons under
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act to a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in
Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act) that is an institutional
"accredited investor" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the
Securities Act), it shall be issued in the form of certificated Note in
definitive, fully registered form without interest coupons with the applicable
legends set forth in the form of the Note registered in the name of the
beneficial owner or a nominee thereof, duly executed by the Issuer and
authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided. Any transfer to a
"qualified purchaser" (as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company
Act) that is an institutional "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" is expressly conditioned
upon the requirement that such transferee shall deliver a representation letter
in the form of EXHIBIT D.

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

         (d) The Note Registrar shall not register any transfer or exchange of
any Class A Note to the extent that upon such transfer or exchange there would
be more than four (4) Class A Noteholders then reflected on the Note Register.
The Note Registrar shall not register any transfer or exchange of any Class B
Note to the extent that upon such transfer or exchange there would be more than
ninety (90) Class B Noteholders then reflected on the Note Register.

         (e) Unless the Issuer determines otherwise in accordance with
applicable law, each Note shall have the following legend:

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR "BLUE
SKY" LAWS AND MAY BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED ONLY TO (1) THE ISSUER (UPON
REDEMPTION THEREOF OR OTHERWISE) OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER (AS CERTIFIED BY
THE ISSUER) OR (2) A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(a)(51) OF
THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) THAT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" AS
DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE, SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED
IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR
ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY
OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ARE ALSO QUALIFIED PURCHASERS THAT ARE
INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS) (3) SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR
RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN A TRANSACTION MEETING
THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A TO A PERSON THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE,
SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH
PERSON IS A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS DEFINED UNDER SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) THAT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN
RULE 144A), ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS
(WHICH OTHERS ARE ALSO QUALIFIED PURCHASERS THAT ARE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYERS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE, OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE
IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, OR (4) TO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER (AS DEFINED UNDER
SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) IN A TRANSACTION OTHERWISE
EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, APPLICABLE
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, IN
EACH SUCH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE INDENTURE AND ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES
LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION: PROVIDED,
THAT, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (4), THE TRUSTEE OR THE ISSUER MAY REQUIRE AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, WHICH OPINION OF COUNSEL, IF SO REQUIRED,
SHALL BE ADDRESSED TO THE ISSUER AND THE TRUSTEE AND SHALL BE SECURED AT THE
EXPENSE OF THE HOLDER. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE
EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE.

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AND SUBJECT TO INCREASES
AND DECREASES AS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE INDENTURE. ACCORDINGLY, THE
OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE
AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.

[THE NOTE REGISTRAR SHALL NOT REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE OF THIS NOTE TO
THE EXTENT THAT UPON SUCH TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE THERE WOULD BE MORE THAN FOUR (4)
CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS THEN REFLECTED ON THE NOTE REGISTER.]

[THE NOTE REGISTRAR SHALL NOT REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE OF THIS NOTE TO
THE EXTENT THAT UPON SUCH TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE THERE WOULD BE MORE THAN NINETY
(90) CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS THEN REFLECTED ON THE NOTE REGISTER.]

[THIS NOTE IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF AN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT
DATED AS OF JANUARY 12, 2007 BY AND AMONG THE CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER, THE CLASS
A NOTEHOLDER, THE CLASS B NOTE PURCHASERS, THE CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS, THE ISSUER,
THE PURCHASER, THE SELLER, THE SERVICER AND THE TRUSTEE, AS THE SAME MAY BE
AMENDED, SUPPLEMENTED OR OTHERWISE MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME.]

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

[THIS NOTE IS SUBORDINATE IN RIGHT OF PAYMENT TO THE ISSUER'S CLASS A NOTES
ISSUED PURSUANT TO THE INDENTURE REFERENCED HEREIN AND TO ALL OTHER AMOUNTS DUE
AND OWING TO THE CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS AND THE CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE BASIC DOCUMENTS AND IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND
PROVISIONS OF AN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JANUARY 12, 2007 BY AND
AMONG THE CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER, THE CLASS A NOTEHOLDER, THE CLASS B NOTE
PURCHASERS, THE CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS, THE ISSUER, THE PURCHASER, THE SELLER, THE
SERVICER AND THE TRUSTEE, AS THE SAME MAY BE AMENDED, SUPPLEMENTED OR OTHERWISE
MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME.]

         (f) Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Section
2.5, no transfer or assignment of a Secured Obligation shall be made that would
cause there to be more than 90 owners and assignees of the Class B Notes at any
time. For purposes of determining the number of owners and assignees of the
Class B Notes, a Person (beneficial owner) owning an interest in a partnership
(including any entity treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes),
grantor trust or S corporation (flow through entity), that owns, directly or
through other flow-through entities, an interest in the Class B Notes, is
treated as an owner or an assignee of the Class B Notes if (i) substantially all
of the value of the beneficial owner's interest in the flow through entity is
attributable to the flow-through entity's interest (direct or indirect) in the
Class B Notes, and (ii) the principal purpose of the use of the tiered
arrangement is to permit the satisfaction of the 90 owner and assignee of Class
B Notes limitation.

         SECTION 2.6 MUTILATED, DESTROYED, LOST OR STOLEN NOTE. If (i) any
mutilated Note is surrendered to the Trustee, or the Trustee receives evidence
to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note, and (ii)
there is delivered to the Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required
by it to hold the Issuer and the Trustee harmless, then, in the absence of
notice to the Issuer, the Note Registrar or the Trustee that such Note has been
acquired by a protected purchaser, and, provided that the requirements of
Section 8-405 and 8-406 of the UCC are met, the Issuer shall execute, and upon
request by the Issuer, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange
for or in lieu of any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a
replacement Note; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if any such destroyed, lost or stolen
Note, but not a mutilated Note, shall have become, or within seven days shall
be, due and payable or shall have been called for redemption, instead of issuing
a replacement Note, the Issuer may direct the Trustee, in writing, to pay such
destroyed, lost or stolen Note when so due or payable without surrender thereof.
If, after the delivery of such replacement Note or payment of a destroyed, lost
or stolen Note pursuant to the preceding sentence, a protected purchaser of the
original Note in lieu of which such replacement Note was issued, presents for
payment such original Note, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to
recover such replacement Note (or such payment) from the Person to whom it was
delivered or any assignee of such Person, except a protected purchaser, and
shall be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided therefor to
the extent of any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred by the Issuer or the
Trustee in connection therewith.

         (a) Upon the issuance of any replacement Note under this Section, the
Issuer may require the payment by the Holder of such Note of a sum sufficient to
cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation
thereto and any other reasonable expenses (including the fees and expenses of
the Trustee) connected therewith.

         (b) Every replacement Note issued pursuant to this Section in
replacement of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an
original additional contractual obligation of the Issuer, whether or not the
mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be at any time enforceable by
anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and
proportionately with the Notes duly issued hereunder.

         (c) The provisions of this Section are exclusive and shall preclude (to
the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement
or payment of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note.

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 2.7 PERSONS DEEMED OWNER. Prior to due presentment for
registration of transfer of any Note, the Trustee and any agent of the Trustee
may treat the Person in whose name such Note is registered (as of the applicable
Record Date) as the owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payments of
principal of and interest, if any, on such Note, for all other purposes
whatsoever and whether or not such Note be overdue, and none of the Issuer, the
Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be affected by notice to
the contrary.

         SECTION 2.8 PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST; DEFAULTED INTEREST.

         (a) The Class A Notes shall accrue interest as provided in the form of
Class A Note set forth in EXHIBIT A-1, and such interest shall be due and
payable on each Settlement Date, as specified therein. The Class B Notes shall
accrue interest as provided in the form of Class B Note set forth in EXHIBIT
A-2, and such interest shall be due and payable on each Settlement Date, as
specified therein. Any installment of interest or principal, if any, payable on
any Note which is punctually paid or duly provided for by the Issuer on the
applicable Settlement Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Note
is registered on the Record Date, either (i) by wire transfer in immediately
available funds to such Person's account as it appears on the Note Register on
such Record Date if (A) such Noteholder has provided to the Note Registrar
appropriate written instructions at least five Business Days prior to such
Settlement Date and such Holder's Note in the aggregate evidence a Percentage
Interest of not less than 1% or (B) such Noteholder is the Seller, or an
Affiliate thereof, or if not, (ii) by check mailed to such Noteholder at the
address of such Noteholder appearing on the Note Register, except for the final
installment of principal payable with respect to such Note on a Settlement Date
or on the applicable Facility Termination Date, which shall be payable as
provided below.

         (b) The outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes and all
accrued and unpaid interest thereon shall be payable in full by the Class A
Facility Termination Date and otherwise as provided in Section 3.1, the form of
Class A Note attached hereto as EXHIBIT A-1, and the other Basic Documents. The
outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes and all accrued and unpaid
interest thereon shall be payable in full by the Class B Facility Termination
Date and otherwise as provided in Section 3.1, the form of Class B Note attached
hereto as EXHIBIT A-2, and the other Basic Documents. The principal amount
outstanding under any Note at any time shall be equal to the product of the
Percentage Interest represented by such Note and the then outstanding applicable
Invested Amount. All principal payments on the Notes of a class shall be made
pro rata to the Noteholders of such class entitled thereto based on their
respective Percentage Interests. Upon written notice from the Issuer, the
Trustee shall notify the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the close
of business on the Record Date preceding the Settlement Date on which the Issuer
expects that the final installment of principal of and interest on such Note
will be paid. Such notice shall be transmitted by facsimile prior to such final
Settlement Date and shall specify that such final installment will be payable
only upon presentation and surrender of such Note and shall specify the place
where such Note may be presented and surrendered for payment of such
installment.

         (c) If the Issuer defaults in any payment of interest on a Note, the
Issuer shall pay defaulted interest (plus interest on such defaulted interest to
the extent lawful) at the applicable Note Interest Rate then in effect
(calculated for this purpose using the applicable Default Applicable Margin) in
any lawful manner. The Issuer shall pay such defaulted interest to the
Noteholders entitled thereto on the immediately following Settlement Date. At
least three (3) days before any such Settlement Date, the Issuer shall mail to
the Noteholders and the Trustee a notice that states the Settlement Date and the
amount of defaulted interest to be paid.

         SECTION 2.9 CANCELLATION. Any Note surrendered for payment,
registration of transfer, exchange or redemption shall, if surrendered to any
Person other than the Trustee, be delivered to the Trustee and shall be promptly
canceled by the Trustee. The Issuer may at any time deliver to the Trustee for
cancellation any Note previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the
Issuer may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and the Note so delivered


                                      -10-
<PAGE>

shall be promptly canceled by the Trustee. No Note shall be authenticated in
lieu of or in exchange for any Note canceled as provided in this Section, except
as expressly permitted by this Indenture. A canceled Note may be held or
disposed of by the Trustee in accordance with its standard retention or disposal
policy as in effect at the time unless the Issuer shall direct by an Issuer
Order that they be destroyed or returned to it; PROVIDED that such Issuer Order
is timely and such Note has not been previously disposed of by the Trustee.

         SECTION 2.10 RELEASE OF TRUST ESTATE. Subject to the terms of the other
Basic Documents and SECTIONS 10.1 and 11.1, the Trustee shall, on or after the
Termination Date, release any remaining portion of the Trust Estate from the
lien created by this Indenture and deposit in the Collection Account any funds
then on deposit in any other Pledged Account. In addition, the Trustee shall
release Ineligible Receivables from the lien created by this Indenture upon any
dividend of such Ineligible Receivables that is permitted under Section 5.10 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Trustee shall release property from the
lien created by this Indenture pursuant to this SECTION 2.10 only upon receipt
of an Issuer Request accompanied by an Officer's Certificate meeting the
applicable requirements of SECTION 11.1.

         SECTION 2.11 AMOUNT LIMITED; ADVANCES.

         (a) The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Class A Notes that
may be authenticated and delivered and Outstanding at any time under this
Indenture (except for Class A Notes authenticated and delivered pursuant to
SECTION 2.6 in replacement for destroyed, lost or stolen Class A Notes) is
limited to the Class A Maximum Invested Amount.

         On each Business Day prior to the Class A Facility Termination Date
that is a Class A Funding Date, and upon the satisfaction of all conditions
precedent to (a) the funding of a Class A Advance and (b) the purchase of
Receivables, in each case as set forth in Section 2.1(b) of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, and Section 6.02 and Section 6.03 of the Class A Note
Purchase Agreement, the Issuer shall be entitled to borrow additional funds
pursuant to a Class A Advance made by the Class A Note Purchaser on such Class A
Funding Date, in accordance with Section 2.02 and Section 2.03 of the Class A
Note Purchase Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Class A
Advance Amount (subject to the Class A Maximum Invested Amount) with respect to
such Class A Funding Date. Each request by the Issuer for a Class A Advance
shall include a certification by the Issuer as to the satisfaction of the
conditions specified in the previous sentence.

         The aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes may be
increased (subject to the Class A Maximum Invested Amount) through the funding
of Class A Advances. Each Class A Advance and corresponding Class A Advance
Amount shall be recorded by the Class A Note Purchaser, and the Class A Note
Purchaser's record (which may be in electronic or other form in the Class A Note
Purchaser's reasonable discretion) shall show all Class A Advance Amounts and
prepayments. Absent manifest error, such record of the Class A Note Purchaser
shall be dispositive with respect to the determination of the outstanding
principal amount of the Class A Notes. The Class A Notes (i) can be funded by
Class A Advances on any Class A Funding Date in a minimum amount of $2,000,000
and any higher amount (subject to the Class A Maximum Invested Amount), and (ii)
subject to subsequent Class A Advances pursuant to this SECTION 2.11(A), are
subject to prepayment in whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer as
provided in ARTICLE X herein. In addition, and independent of optional
prepayments pursuant to ARTICLE X, in the event that a Class A Borrowing Base
Deficiency exists on any date of determination as determined by the Class A Note
Purchaser in its sole discretion, the Issuer shall on the same Business Day of
the receipt of notice from the Class A Note Purchaser (or if notice is received
after 10:01 a.m. New York time, then on the next Business Day), prepay the Class
A Invested Amount by an amount equal to such Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency
by paying such amount to or at the direction of the Class A Note Purchaser.

         (b) The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Class B Notes that
may be authenticated and delivered and Outstanding at any time under this
Indenture (except for Class B Notes authenticated and delivered pursuant to
Section 2.6 in replacement for destroyed, lost or stolen Class B Notes) is
limited to the Class B Maximum Invested Amount.

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

         On each Business Day prior to the Class B Facility Termination Date
that is a Class B Funding Date, and upon the satisfaction of all conditions
precedent to (a) the funding of a Class B Advance and (b) the purchase of
Receivables, in each case as set forth in Section 2.1(b) of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, and Section 6.02 and Section 6.03 of the Class B Note
Purchase Agreement, the Issuer shall be entitled to borrow additional funds
pursuant to a Class B Advance made by each Class B Note Purchaser on such Class
B Funding Date, in accordance with Section 2.02 and Section 2.03 of the Class B
Note Purchase Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Class B
Advance Amount (subject to the Class B Maximum Invested Amount) with respect to
such Class B Funding Date. Each request by the Issuer for a Class B Advance
shall include a certification by the Issuer as to the satisfaction of the
conditions specified in the previous sentence.

         The aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes may be
increased (subject to the Class B Maximum Invested Amount) through the funding
of Class B Advances. Each Class B Note Purchaser shall record its respective pro
rata portion of each Class B Advance and corresponding Class B Advance Amount,
and each Class B Note Purchaser's record (which may be in electronic or other
form in each Class B Note Purchaser's reasonable discretion) shall show all
Class B Advance Amounts and prepayments made or received by such Class B Note
Purchaser. Absent manifest error, such record of each Class B Note Purchaser
shall be dispositive with respect to the determination of such Class B Note
Purchaser's respective pro rata portion of the outstanding principal amount of
the Class B Notes. The Class B Notes (i) can be funded by Class B Advances on
any Class B Funding Date in a minimum amount of $250,000 and any higher amount
(subject to the Class B Maximum Invested Amount), and (ii) subject to subsequent
Class B Advances pursuant to this Section 2.11(a), are subject to prepayment in
whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer as provided in Article X herein.
In addition, and independent of optional prepayments pursuant to Article X, in
the event that a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency exists on any date of
determination as determined by a Class B Note Purchaser in its sole discretion,
the Issuer shall on the same Business Day of the receipt of notice from such
Class B Note Purchaser (or if notice is received after 10:01 a.m. New York time,
then on the next Business Day), prepay the Class B Invested Amount by an amount
equal to such Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency by paying the respective pro
rata portion of such amount to or at the direction of each Class B Note
Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to Section 3.05(c) of the
Class B Note Purchase Agreement, the Issuer may not prepay any such Class B
Invested Amount to cure a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency or otherwise
pursuant to Article X with funds other than Class B Available Funds unless and
until any and all amounts then due and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser and
the Class A Noteholders under the Basic Documents have been paid in full.

                                   ARTICLE III

                                    COVENANTS

         SECTION 3.1 PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST. The Issuer will duly and
punctually pay or cause to be paid the principal of and interest on the Notes in
accordance with the terms of the Notes, this Indenture, the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and the other Basic Documents. Without limiting the foregoing, the
Issuer will cause to be distributed on each Settlement Date all amounts
deposited in the Note Distribution Account pursuant to the Sale and Servicing
Agreement to the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in the order of priority
specified in Section 5.8 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Amounts properly
withheld under the Code by the Trustee from a payment to the Noteholders of
interest and/or principal shall be considered as having been paid by the Issuer
to the Noteholders for all purposes of this Indenture.

         SECTION 3.2 MAINTENANCE OF OFFICE OR AGENCY. The Issuer will maintain
in Minneapolis, Minnesota, an office or agency where the Notes may be
surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, and where notices and
demands to or upon the Issuer in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be
served. The Issuer hereby initially appoints the Trustee to serve as its agent
for the foregoing purposes. The Issuer will give prompt written notice to the
Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders of the location, and of any
change in the location, of any such office or agency. If at any time the Issuer
shall fail to maintain any such office or agency or shall fail to furnish the
Trustee with the address thereof, such surrenders, notices and demands may be
made or served at the Corporate Trust Office, and the Issuer hereby appoints the
Trustee as its agent to receive all such surrenders, notices and demands.

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 3.3 MONEY FOR PAYMENTS TO BE HELD IN TRUST. On or before each
Settlement Date, the Trustee shall deposit or cause to be deposited in the Note
Distribution Account from the Collection Account an aggregate sum sufficient to
pay the amounts then becoming due under each class of Notes and all other
amounts then due and owing to the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers under the
Basic Documents, such sums to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons
entitled thereto. Except as provided in SECTION 3.3(c) hereof, all payments of
amounts due and payable with respect to the Notes and such other amounts that
are to be made from amounts withdrawn from the Note Distribution Account shall
be made on behalf of the Issuer by the Trustee or by the Note Paying Agent, and
no amounts so withdrawn from the Note Distribution Account for payment of the
Notes or to the Noteholders or the Note Purchasers shall be paid to the Issuer.

         (a) The Issuer shall cause each Note Paying Agent other than the
Trustee to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such Note
Paying Agent shall agree with the Trustee (and if the Trustee acts as Note
Paying Agent, it hereby so agrees), subject to the provisions of this Section,
that such Note Paying Agent shall:

                  (i) hold all sums held by it for the payment of amounts due
         with respect to the Notes and such other amounts in trust for the
         benefit of the Persons entitled thereto until such sums shall be paid
         to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided and pay
         such sums to such Persons as herein provided;

                  (ii) give the Trustee notice of any default by the Issuer (or
         any other obligor upon the Notes) of which it has actual knowledge in
         the making of any payment required to be made with respect to the Notes
         or to the Noteholders or the Note Purchasers;

                  (iii) at any time during the continuance of any such default,
         upon the written request of the Trustee, forthwith pay to the Trustee
         all sums so held in trust by such Note Paying Agent;

                  (iv) immediately resign as a Note Paying Agent and forthwith
         pay to the Trustee all sums held by it in trust for the payment of the
         Notes and such other amounts if at any time it ceases to meet the
         standards required to be met by a Note Paying Agent at the time of its
         appointment; and

                  (v) comply with all requirements of the Code with respect to
         the withholding from any payments made by it on the Notes of any
         applicable withholding taxes imposed thereon and with respect to any
         applicable reporting requirements in connection therewith.

         (b) The Issuer may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, by Issuer
Order direct any Note Paying Agent to pay to the Trustee all sums held in trust
by such Note Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Trustee upon the same
trusts as those upon which the sums were held by such Note Paying Agent; and
upon such a payment by any Note Paying Agent to the Trustee, such Note Paying
Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money.

         (c) Subject to applicable laws with respect to the escheat of funds,
any money held by the Trustee or any Note Paying Agent in trust for the payment
of any amount due with respect to the Notes and remaining unclaimed for two
years after such amount has become due and payable shall be discharged from such
trust and be paid to the Issuer on Issuer Request and shall be deposited by the
Trustee in the Collection Account; and the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers
shall thereafter, as unsecured general creditors, look only to the Issuer for
payment thereof (but only to the extent of the amounts so paid to the Issuer),
and all liability of the Trustee or such Note Paying Agent with respect to such
trust money shall thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Trustee or such
Note Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, shall at
the expense of the Issuer cause to be published once, in a newspaper published
in the English language, customarily published on each Business Day and of
general circulation in the City of New York, notice that such money remains
unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which shall not be less than
30 days from the date of such publication, any unclaimed balance of such money

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

then remaining will be repaid to the Issuer. The Trustee shall also adopt and
employ, at the expense of the Issuer, any other reasonable means of notification
of such repayment (including, but not limited to, mailing notice of such
repayment to the Holder whose Notes have been called but have not been
surrendered for redemption or whose right to or interest in moneys due and
payable but not claimed is determinable from the records of the Trustee or of
any Note Paying Agent, at the last address of record for each such Holder).

         SECTION 3.4 EXISTENCE. Except as otherwise permitted by the provisions
of SECTION 3.10, the Issuer will keep in full effect its existence, rights and
franchises as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of
Delaware (unless it becomes, or any successor Issuer hereunder is or becomes,
organized under the laws of any other state or of the United States of America,
in which case the Issuer will keep in full effect its existence, rights and
franchises under the laws of such other jurisdiction) and will obtain and
preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such
qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and
enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes, the Collateral, the Pledged
Subordinate Securities, the Bear Cross Collateral, the other Basic Documents and
each other instrument or agreement included in the Trust Estate.

         SECTION 3.5 PROTECTION OF TRUST ESTATE. The Issuer intends the security
interest Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of this Indenture in favor of the
Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, to be prior
to all other liens in respect of the Collateral, and the Issuer shall take all
actions necessary to obtain and maintain, in favor of the Trustee, for the
benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, a first lien on and a first
priority, perfected security interest in the Collateral, subject to the
Intercreditor Agreement. In addition, the Issuer intends the security interest
Granted pursuant to Granting Clause II of this Indenture in favor of the
Trustee, for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note
Purchasers, to be prior to all other liens in respect of the Pledged Subordinate
Securities, and the Issuer shall take all actions necessary to obtain and
maintain, in favor of the Trustee, for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders
and the Class B Note Purchasers, a first lien on and a first priority, perfected
security interest in the Pledged Subordinate Securities. Furthermore, the Issuer
intends the security interest Granted pursuant to Granting Clause III of this
Indenture in favor of the UBS Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Class B
noteholders and the Class B note purchasers under the UBS Basic Documents, to be
prior to all other liens in respect of the Bear Cross Collateral (other than the
Lien granted in Granting Clause I of this Indenture and subject to the
Intercreditor Agreement), and the Issuer shall take all actions necessary to
obtain and maintain, in favor of the UBS Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of
the Class B noteholders and the Class B note purchasers under the UBS Basic
Documents, a second lien on and a second priority, perfected security interest
in the Bear Cross Collateral (subject only to the Lien Granted in Granting
Clause I of this Indenture and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement). The
Issuer will from time to time prepare (or shall cause to be prepared), execute
and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing
statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other
instruments, and will take such other action necessary or advisable to:

                  (i) Grant more effectively all or any portion of the Trust
         Estate;

                  (ii) maintain or preserve each lien and security interest (and
         the priority thereof) in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the
         applicable Noteholders and the applicable Note Purchasers created by
         this Indenture or carry out more effectively the purposes hereof;

                  (iii) maintain or preserve each lien and security interest
         (and the priority thereof) in favor of the UBS Indenture Trustee for
         the benefit of the Class B noteholders and the Class B note purchasers
         under the UBS Basic Documents created by this Indenture or carry out
         more effectively the purposes hereof;

                  (iv) perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of any
         Grant made or to be made by this Indenture;

                  (v) enforce (A) subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, any of
         the Collateral on behalf of the Noteholders or the Note Purchasers, or
         (B) any of the Pledged Subordinate Securities on behalf of the Class B
         Noteholders or the Class B Note Purchasers, or (C) subject to the

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

         Intercreditor Agreement, the Bear Cross Collateral on behalf of the
         Class B noteholders or the Class B note purchasers under the UBS Basic
         Documents;

                  (vi) preserve and defend title to (A) subject to the
         Intercreditor Agreement, the Collateral and the rights of the Trustee,
         the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in such Collateral against the
         claims of all persons and parties; (B) the Pledged Subordinate
         Securities and the rights of the Trustee, the Class B Noteholders and
         the Class B Note Purchasers in such Pledged Subordinate Securities
         against the claims of all persons and parties; and (C) subject to the
         Intercreditor Agreement, the Bear Cross Collateral and the rights of
         the UBS Indenture Trustee, the Class B noteholders and the Class B note
         purchasers under the UBS Basic Documents in such Bear Cross Collateral
         against the claims of all persons and parties (other than the Lien
         Granted pursuant to Clause I of this Indenture); and

                  (vii) pay all taxes or assessments levied or assessed upon the
         Trust Estate when due; provided that no Available Funds may be used to
         pay taxes or assessments levied or assessed upon that portion of the
         Trust Estate consisting of the Pledged Subordinate Securities and no
         Class B Available Funds may be used to pay taxes or assessments levied
         or assessed upon that portion of the Trust Estate consisting of the
         Collateral.

         The Issuer hereby designates the Trustee its agent and attorney-in-fact
to execute any financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument
required by the Trustee pursuant to this Section.

         Subject to Section 4.5 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Issuer
hereby authorizes the Controlling Note Purchaser, the Trustee and their
respective agents to file such financing statements and continuation statements
and take such other actions as the Controlling Note Purchaser or the Trustee may
deem advisable in connection with the security interest in the Collateral
Granted by the Issuer under Granting Clause I of this Indenture to the extent
permitted by applicable law. In addition, the Issuer hereby authorizes the Class
B Note Purchasers, the Trustee and their respective agents to file such
financing statements and continuation statements and take such other actions as
the Class B Note Purchasers or the Trustee may deem advisable in connection with
the security interest in the Pledged Subordinate Securities Granted by the
Issuer under Granting Clause II of this Indenture to the extent permitted by
applicable law. Furthermore, subject to the terms and provisions of the
Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer hereby authorizes the UBS Indenture Trustee
and the Class B note purchasers under the UBS Basic Documents and their
respective agents to file such financing statements and continuation statements
and take such other actions as the UBS Indenture Trustee or such Class B note
purchasers may deem advisable in connection with the security interest in the
Bear Cross Collateral Granted by the Issuer under Granting Clause III of this
Indenture to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the prior
Lien of Granting Clause I of this Indenture. Any such financing statements and
continuation statements shall be prepared by the Issuer.

         SECTION 3.6 OPINIONS AS TO TRUST ESTATE.

         (a) On the Class B Closing Date, the Issuer shall furnish to the
Trustee and each Note Purchaser an Opinion of Counsel either stating that, in
the opinion of such counsel, such action has been taken with respect to the
recording and filing of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto, and
any other requisite documents, and with respect to the execution and filing of
any financing statements and continuation statements, as are necessary to
perfect and make effective (i) the first priority lien and security interest in
favor of the Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note
Purchasers, created by Granting Clause I of this Indenture in the Receivables
and such other items of Collateral, (ii) the first priority lien and first
priority perfected security interest in favor of the Trustee, for the benefit of
the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers, created by Granting
Clause II of this Indenture in the Pledged Subordinate Securities, and (iii) the
second priority lien and second priority security interest in favor of the UBS
Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Class B noteholders and the Class B
note purchasers under the UBS Basic Documents, created by Granting Clause III of
this Indenture (subject only to the Lien Granted in Granting Clause I of this
Indenture) in the Bear Cross Collateral (collectively, the "Opinion Collateral")
and reciting the details of such action, or stating that, in the opinion of such
counsel, no such action is necessary to make such lien and security interest
effective.

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

         (b) Within 90 days after the beginning of each calendar year, beginning
in 2007, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser, the UBS
Indenture Trustee and each Class B note purchase under the UBS Basic Documents
an Opinion of Counsel either stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, such
action has been taken with respect to the recording, filing, re-recording and
refiling of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto and any other
requisite documents and with respect to the execution and filing of any
financing statements and continuation statements as are necessary to maintain
the liens and security interests created by this Indenture in the Opinion
Collateral and reciting the details of such action or stating that in the
opinion of such counsel no such action is necessary to maintain such liens and
security interests. Such Opinion of Counsel shall also describe any action
necessary (as of the date of such opinion) to be taken in the following year to
maintain the liens and security interests of this Indenture in the Opinion
Collateral.

         SECTION 3.7 PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS; SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES. The
Issuer will not take any action and will use its best efforts not to permit any
action to be taken by others that would release any Person from any of such
Person's material covenants or obligations under any instrument or agreement
included in the Trust Estate or that would result in the amendment,
hypothecation, subordination, termination or discharge of or impair the validity
or effectiveness of, any such instrument or agreement, except as ordered by any
bankruptcy or other court or as expressly provided in this Indenture, the other
Basic Documents or such other instrument or agreement.

         (a) The Issuer may contract with other Persons to assist it in
performing its duties under this Indenture, and any performance of such duties
by a Person identified to the Trustee in an Officer's Certificate of the Issuer
shall be deemed to be action taken by the Issuer. Initially, the Issuer has
contracted with the Servicer to assist the Issuer in performing its duties under
this Indenture.

         (b) The Issuer will punctually perform and observe all of its
obligations and agreements contained in this Indenture, the other Basic
Documents and in the instruments and agreements included in the Trust Estate,
including but not limited to preparing (or causing to be prepared) and filing
(or causing to be filed) all UCC financing statements and continuation
statements required to be filed by the terms of this Indenture and the other
Basic Documents in accordance with and within the time periods provided for
herein and therein. Except as otherwise expressly provided therein, the Issuer
shall not amend, modify, supplement or terminate any Basic Document or any
provision thereof.

         (c) If a responsible officer of the Issuer shall have written notice or
actual knowledge of the occurrence of a Default, an Event of Default, a Class B
Default, a Class B Event of Default, a Servicer Termination Event or Funding
Termination Event, the Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee, the Note
Purchasers and the Noteholders thereof in accordance with SECTION 11.4, and
shall specify in such notice the action, if any, the Issuer is taking in respect
of such default. If a Servicer Termination Event or Funding Termination Event
shall arise from the failure of the Servicer to perform any of its duties or
obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement with respect to the
Receivables, the Issuer shall take all reasonable steps available to it to
remedy such failure.

         (d) The Issuer agrees that it shall not have any right to waive, and
shall not waive, timely performance or observance by the Servicer, the Purchaser
or the Seller of their respective duties under the Basic Documents except in
accordance with the terms thereof.

         SECTION 3.8 NEGATIVE COVENANTS. So long as any class of Notes is
Outstanding, the Issuer shall not:

                  (i) except as expressly permitted by this Indenture or the
         other Basic Documents, sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of
         any of the properties or assets of the Issuer, including those included
         in the Trust Estate, unless directed to do so by the Majority
         Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class and the Controlling Note

                                      -16-
<PAGE>

         Purchaser or the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class and
         the Controlling Note Purchaser (or with respect to the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities, the Class B Majority Noteholders, or with
         respect to the Bear Cross Collateral (subject to the Intercreditor
         Agreement), the Class B majority noteholders under the UBS Basic
         Documents) have approved such disposition;

                  (ii) claim any credit on, or make any deduction from the
         principal or interest payable in respect of, the Notes (other than
         amounts properly withheld from such payments under the Code) or assert
         any claim against any Note Purchaser or any present or former
         Noteholders by reason of the payment of the taxes levied or assessed
         upon any part of the Trust Estate; or

                  (iii) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Indenture
         or the Intercreditor Agreement to be impaired; or

                  (iv) (A) permit the lien created by this Indenture on the
         Collateral in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders
         and the Note Purchasers to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated,
         terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any
         covenants or obligations under this Indenture or any other Basic
         Document except as may be expressly permitted hereby or thereby, (B)
         permit any Lien (other than the lien of this Indenture and the other
         Basic Documents) to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon
         or burden any Collateral, or any part thereof or any interest therein
         or the proceeds thereof (other than tax liens, mechanics' liens and
         other liens that arise by operation of law, in each case on a Financed
         Vehicle and arising solely as a result of an action or omission of the
         related Obligor), (C) permit the lien of this Indenture not to
         constitute a valid first priority (other than with respect to any such
         tax, mechanics' or other similar lien) perfected security interest in
         any portion of the Collateral; or

                  (v) (A) permit the lien created by this Indenture on the
         Pledged Subordinate Securities in favor of the Trustee for the benefit
         of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers to be
         amended, hypothecated, subordinated (other than with respect to any
         such tax, mechanics' or other similar lien), terminated or discharged,
         or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations
         under this Indenture or any other Basic Document except as may be
         expressly permitted hereby or thereby, (B) permit any Lien (other than
         the lien of this Indenture and the other Basic Documents) to be created
         on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden any Pledged
         Subordinate Securities, or any part thereof or any interest therein or
         the proceeds thereof (other than tax liens, mechanics' liens and other
         liens that arise by operation of law, in each case on a Financed
         Vehicle and arising solely as a result of an action or omission of the
         related Obligor), (C) permit the lien of this Indenture not to
         constitute a valid first priority perfected security interest in any
         portion of the Pledged Subordinate Securities (other than with respect
         to any such tax, mechanics' or other similar lien); or

                  (vi) subject in each case to the terms and provisions of the
         Intercreditor Agreement, (A) permit the lien created by this Indenture
         on the Bear Cross Collateral in favor of the UBS Indenture Trustee for
         the benefit of the Class B noteholders and the Class B note purchasers
         under the UBS Basic Documents to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated
         (other than with respect to any such tax, mechanics' or other similar
         lien or the lien Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of this
         Indenture), terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be
         released from any covenants or obligations under this Indenture or any
         other Basic Document except as may be expressly permitted hereby or
         thereby, (B) permit any Lien (other than the lien of this Indenture and
         the other Basic Documents) to be created on or extend to or otherwise
         arise upon or burden any Bear Cross Collateral, or any part thereof or
         any interest therein or the proceeds thereof (other than tax liens,
         mechanics' liens and other liens that arise by operation of law, in
         each case on a Financed Vehicle and arising solely as a result of an
         action or omission of the related Obligor), (C) permit the lien of this
         Indenture not to constitute a valid second priority perfected security
         interest in any portion of the Bear Cross Collateral (subject only to
         any such tax, mechanics' or other similar lien and the lien Granted
         pursuant to Granting Clause I of this Indenture); or

                  (vii) amend or modify the provisions of any of the Basic
         Documents except in accordance with the terms thereof.

                                      -17-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 3.9 ANNUAL STATEMENT AS TO COMPLIANCE. The Issuer will deliver
to the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers on or before March 31 of
each year, beginning March 31, 2007, an Officer's Certificate, dated as of
December 31 of the preceding year, stating, as to the Authorized Officer signing
such Officer's Certificate, that:

                  (i) a review of the activities of the Issuer during the
         preceding year and of performance under this Indenture has been made
         under such Authorized Officer's supervision; and

                  (ii) to the best of such Authorized Officer's knowledge, based
         on such review, the Issuer has complied with all conditions and
         covenants under this Indenture throughout such year and no event has
         occurred and is continuing which is, or after notice or lapse of time
         or both would become, an Event of Default, or a Class B Event of
         Default, or, if there has been a default in the compliance of any such
         condition or covenant, specifying each such default known to such
         Authorized Officer and the nature and status thereof.

         SECTION 3.10 ISSUER MAY CONSOLIDATE, ETC. ONLY WITH CONSENT. The Issuer
shall not consolidate or merge with or into any other Person, or convey or
transfer all or substantially all of its properties to any Person without the
prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class.

         SECTION 3.11 SUCCESSOR OR TRANSFEREE.

         (a) Upon any consolidation or merger of the Issuer with the prior
written consent of the Note Purchasers and the Majority Noteholders of each
class of Notes in accordance with Section 3.10, the Person formed by or
surviving such consolidation or merger (if other than the Issuer) shall succeed
to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, and be
obligated to meet the requirements of the Issuer under this Indenture and the
other Basic Documents with the same effect as if such Person had been named as
the Issuer herein.

         (b) Upon a conveyance or transfer of all the assets and properties of
the Issuer with the prior written consent of the Note Purchasers and the
Majority Noteholders of each class of Notes in accordance with Section 3.10, the
Issuer will be released from every covenant and agreement of this Indenture to
be observed or performed on the part of the Issuer with respect to the Notes
immediately upon the delivery of written notice to the Trustee, the Note
Purchasers and the Noteholders stating that the Issuer is to be so released.

         SECTION 3.12 NO OTHER BUSINESS. The Issuer will not at any time engage
in any other business activities than the purchase of the Receivables and the
Other Conveyed Property, pledging the Receivables and the other Collateral to
the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant
to Granting Clause I of the Indenture, pledging the Pledged Subordinate
Securities to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B Note Purchasers and the
Class B Noteholders pursuant to Granting Clause II of the Indenture, pledging
the Bear Cross Collateral, subject to the Intercreditor Agreements, to the UBS
Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B
noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents pursuant to Granting Clause III of the
Indenture, transferring the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property in
connection with Securitization Transactions and in connection with whole-loan
sales, acquiring the Pledged Subordinate Securities in connection with
Securitization Transactions, issuing the Notes and other activities relating to
the foregoing to the extent permitted by the organizational documents of the
Issuer as in effect on the date hereof, or as amended with the prior written
consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser. Without limitation of the foregoing,
the Issuer will not at any time be an issuer of securities other than the Notes
or a borrower under any loan or financing agreement, facility or other
arrangement other than the facilities established pursuant to this Agreement and
the other Basic Documents.

         SECTION 3.13 NO BORROWING. The Issuer shall not issue, incur, assume,
guarantee or otherwise become liable, directly or indirectly, for any


                                      -18-
<PAGE>

Indebtedness except for (i) the Notes, and (ii) any other Indebtedness permitted
by or arising under the Basic Documents. The proceeds of the Notes shall be used
solely to fund the Issuer's purchase of the Related Receivables and the other
assets specified in the Sale and Servicing Agreement and to pay the Issuer's
organizational, transactional and start-up expenses.

         SECTION 3.14 SERVICER'S OBLIGATIONS. The Issuer shall cause the
Servicer to comply with Sections 4.9, 4.10, 4.11 and 5.9 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement.

         SECTION 3.15 GUARANTEES, LOANS, ADVANCES AND OTHER LIABILITIES. Except
as contemplated by the Basic Documents, the Issuer shall not make any loan or
advance or credit to, or guarantee (directly or indirectly or by an instrument
having the effect of assuring another's payment or performance on any obligation
or capability of so doing or otherwise), endorse or otherwise become
contingently liable, directly or indirectly, in connection with the obligations,
stocks or dividends of, or own, purchase, repurchase or acquire (or agree
contingently to do so) any stock, obligations, assets or securities of, or any
other interest in, or make any capital contribution to, any other Person.

         SECTION 3.16 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. The Issuer shall not make any
expenditure (by long-term or operating lease or otherwise) for capital assets
(either realty or personalty).

         SECTION 3.17 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. The Issuer shall comply with the
requirements of all applicable laws, including, without limitation, Consumer
Laws.

         SECTION 3.18 RESTRICTED PAYMENTS. The Issuer shall not, directly or
indirectly, (i) pay any dividend or make any distribution (by reduction of
capital or otherwise), whether in cash, property, securities or a combination
thereof, to any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or otherwise with
respect to any ownership or equity interest or security in or of the Issuer,
(ii) redeem, purchase, retire or otherwise acquire for value any such ownership
or equity interest or security or (iii) set aside or otherwise segregate any
amounts for any such purpose; provided, however, that the Issuer may make, or
cause to be made, distributions to the Trustee and to any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer as permitted by, and to the extent funds are available
for such purpose from distributions under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The
Issuer will not, directly or indirectly, make payments to or distributions from
the Collection Account and the other Pledged Accounts except in accordance with
this Indenture and the other Basic Documents.

         SECTION 3.19 NOTICE OF EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND FUNDING TERMINATION
EVENTS. Upon a responsible officer of the Issuer having notice or actual
knowledge thereof, the Issuer agrees to give each of the Trustee, each Note
Purchaser and the Noteholders prompt written notice of each Event of Default
hereunder and each Funding Termination Event, Servicer Termination Event, Class
B Event of Default, Class B Default or other Default on the part of the Issuer,
the Servicer, the Purchaser or the Seller of its obligations under any Basic
Document.

         SECTION 3.20 FURTHER INSTRUMENTS AND ACTS. Upon request of the Trustee,
any Note Purchaser or the Majority Noteholders of a Class of Notes, the Issuer
will execute and deliver such further instruments and do such further acts as


                                      -19-
<PAGE>

may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purpose
of this Indenture and the other Basic Documents.

         SECTION 3.21 AMENDMENTS OF SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT. The Issuer
shall not agree to any amendment to Section 11.1 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement to eliminate any requirements thereunder that the Trustee, the
Controlling Note Purchaser, the Note Purchaser of an affected class of Notes, or
the Majority Noteholders of an affected class of Notes consent to amendments
thereto as provided therein.

         SECTION 3.22 INCOME TAX CHARACTERIZATION. It is the intent of the
Issuer and the Noteholders that, for Federal, state and local income and
franchise tax purposes, the Notes will evidence indebtedness of the Issuer
secured by the Collateral (and the Pledged Subordinate Securities, in the case
of the Class B Notes). Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, agrees to
treat such Note for Federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes
as indebtedness of the Issuer.

         SECTION 3.23 SEPARATE EXISTENCE OF THE ISSUER. During the term of the
Indenture, the Issuer shall observe and comply with the applicable legal
requirements for the recognition of the Issuer as a legal entity separate and
apart from its Affiliates, including without limitation, those requirements set
forth in Section 9(b) of the LLC Agreement.

         SECTION 3.24 AMENDMENT OF ISSUER'S ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS. During the
term of the Indenture, the Issuer shall not amend the LLC Agreement except in
accordance with the provisions thereof and with the prior written consent of the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class.

         SECTION 3.25 OTHER AGREEMENTS. The Issuer shall not enter into any
agreement that does not contain non-petition or limited recourse language
acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser with respect to the Issuer.

         SECTION 3.26 RULE 144A INFORMATION. At any time when the Issuer is not
subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, upon the request of a Noteholder, the Issuer shall promptly furnish to
such Noteholder or to a prospective purchaser of a Note designated by such
Noteholder, as the case may be, the information required to be delivered
pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A Information")
in order to permit compliance by such Noteholder with Rule 144A in connection
with the resale of a Note by such Noteholder; provided, however, that the Issuer
shall not be required to furnish Rule 144A Information in connection with any
request made on or after the date which is three years from the later of (i) the
most recent renewal of the term of the applicable Commitment pursuant to Section
2.05 of the applicable Note Purchase Agreement, (ii) the date such Note (or any
predecessor Note) was acquired from the Issuer or (iii) the date such Note (or
any predecessor Note) was last acquired from an "affiliate" of the Issuer within
the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act; and provided further that the
Issuer shall not be required to furnish such information at any time to a
prospective purchaser located outside of the United States who is not a "United
States Person" within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act if
such Note may then be sold to such prospective purchaser in accordance with Rule
904 under the Securities Act (or any successor provision thereto).

         SECTION 3.27 CHANGE OF CONTROL. CPS will and shall at all times be the
legal and beneficial owner of all of the issued and outstanding membership
interests of the Issuer.

                                      -20-
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IV

                           SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

         SECTION 4.1 SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE.

         (a) This Indenture shall cease to be of further effect with respect to
the Class A Notes except as to (i) rights of registration of transfer and
exchange, (ii) substitution of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Class A
Notes, (iii) rights of the Class A Noteholders to receive payments of principal
thereof and interest thereon and rights of the Class A Note Purchaser to receive
payments in respect of amounts owed by the Issuer to the Class A Note Purchaser
under the Basic Documents, (iv) SECTIONS 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 3.8, 3.10, 3.11,
3.18, 3.19, 3.20, 3.21, 3.23, 3.24 and 11.17, (v) the rights, obligations and
immunities of the Trustee hereunder (including the rights of the Trustee under
SECTION 6.7 and the obligations of the Trustee under SECTION 4.2) and (vi) the
rights of the Class A Noteholders and the Class A Note Purchaser as
beneficiaries hereof with respect to the property so deposited with the Trustee
payable to all or any of them, and the Trustee, on demand of and at the expense
of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and
discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Class A Notes, when:

                  (i) the Class A Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered
         (other than (i) Class A Notes that have been destroyed, lost or stolen
         and that have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.6 and (ii)
         Class A Notes for which payment money has theretofore been deposited in
         trust or segregated and held in trust by the Issuer and thereafter
         repaid to the Issuer or discharged from such trust, as provided in
         Section 3.3) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;

                  (ii) the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all Secured
         Obligations in respect of the Class A Notes and all other amounts due
         and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders
         pursuant to the Basic Documents; and

                  (iii) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee, the Class A
         Noteholders and the Class A Note Purchaser an Officer's Certificate
         meeting the applicable requirements of Section 11.1(a) and stating that
         all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the
         satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with.

         (b) This Indenture shall cease to be of further effect with respect to
the Class B Notes except as to (i) rights of registration of transfer and
exchange, (ii) substitution of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Class B
Notes, (iii) rights of the Class B Noteholders to receive payments of principal
thereof and interest thereon and rights of each Class B Note Purchaser to
receive payments in respect of amounts owed by the Issuer to each Class B Note
Purchaser under the Basic Documents, (iv) SECTIONS 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 3.8,
3.10, 3.11, 3.18, 3.19, 3.20, 3.21, 3.23, 3.24 and 11.17, (v) the rights,
obligations and immunities of the Trustee hereunder (including the rights of the
Trustee under SECTION 6.7 and the obligations of the Trustee under SECTION 4.2)
and (vi) the rights of the Class B Noteholders and each Class B Note Purchaser
as beneficiaries hereof with respect to the property so deposited with the
Trustee payable to all or any of them, and the Trustee, on demand of and at the
expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Class B Notes,
when:

                  (i) the Class B Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered
         (other than (i) Class B Notes that have been destroyed, lost or stolen
         and that have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.6 and (ii)
         Class B Notes for which payment money has theretofore been deposited in
         trust or segregated and held in trust by the Issuer and thereafter
         repaid to the Issuer or discharged from such trust, as provided in
         Section 3.3) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;

                                      -21-
<PAGE>

                  (ii) the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all Secured
         Obligations in respect of each class of Notes (and all UBS Secured
         Obligations in the case of the Class B Notes) and all other amounts due
         and owing to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders under the Basic
         Documents; and

                  (iii) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee, the Class B
         Noteholders and each Class B Note Purchaser an Officer's Certificate
         meeting the applicable requirements of Section 11.1(a) and stating that
         all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the
         satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with.

         SECTION 4.2 APPLICATION OF TRUST MONEY. All moneys deposited with the
Trustee pursuant to SECTION 4.1 or SECTION 4.3 hereof shall be held in trust and
applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes, this Indenture
and the other Basic Documents, to the payment, either directly or through the
Note Paying Agent, as the Trustee may determine, to the applicable Noteholders
and the applicable Note Purchasers for the payment or redemption of which such
moneys have been deposited with the Trustee, of all sums due and to become due
thereon for principal and interest (in the case of the Noteholders) and all sums
due and payable by the Issuer under the Basic Documents (in the case of any Note
Purchaser); but such moneys need not be segregated from other funds except to
the extent required herein, in the Sale and Servicing Agreement or in the other
Basic Documents or required by law. Any funds remaining with the Trustee or on
deposit in the Pledged Accounts following the repayment in full of the Notes,
the other Secured Obligations, the termination of the Commitments, the payment
in full of the Notes and all other amounts owed to the Noteholders, the Note
Purchasers, Trustee and Backup Servicer under the Basic Documents, and the
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, shall be remitted to the Deposit
Account.

         SECTION 4.3 REPAYMENT OF MONEYS HELD BY NOTE PAYING AGENT. In
connection with the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to
a class of Notes, all moneys then held by the Note Paying Agent other than the
Trustee under the provisions of this Indenture with respect to such class of
Notes shall, upon demand of the Issuer, be remitted to the Trustee to be held
and applied according to SECTION 4.2 and thereupon the Note Paying Agent shall
be released from all further liability with respect to such moneys.

                                    ARTICLE V

                                    REMEDIES

         SECTION 5.1 EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

         (a) "EVENT OF DEFAULT", wherever used herein, means any one of the
following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it
shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant
to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation
of any administrative or governmental body):

                  (i) default in the payment of any interest or principal on the
         Highest Priority Class of Notes or any other amount due with respect to
         the Highest Priority Class of Notes or any amount due to the
         Controlling Note Purchaser under any Basic Document when the same
         becomes due and payable, which default continues for a period of one
         (1) Business Day;

                  (ii) failure by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer or the
         Seller to perform or observe any term, covenant, or agreement under
         this Indenture or any other Basic Document (other than any term,
         covenant or agreement referred to in another subparagraph hereof),


                                      -22-
<PAGE>

         which failure materially and adversely affects the rights of the
         Controlling Note Purchaser and/or the Noteholders of the Highest
         Priority Class (as determined by the Controlling Note Purchaser and the
         Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, as applicable, in
         their sole discretion) and is not cured within 30 calendar days after
         written notice is received by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer
         or the Seller, as applicable, from the Trustee, any Note Purchaser or
         any Noteholder or after discovery of such failure by a Responsible
         Officer of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller, as
         applicable;

                  (iii) any representation, warranty or statement of the Issuer,
         the Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller made in this Indenture or any
         other Basic Document or any certificate, report or other writing
         delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall prove to be incorrect as of
         the time when the same shall have been made, and such incorrectness has
         a material and adverse affect on the Controlling Note Purchaser or the
         Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class (as determined by the
         Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
         Priority Class, as applicable, in their sole discretion) and is not
         cured within 30 calendar days after written notice is received by the
         Issuer, the Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller, as applicable, from
         the Trustee, any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder or after discovery of
         such failure by a Responsible Officer of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
         Servicer or the Seller, as applicable;

                  (iv) failure of the Seller, the Servicer, the Issuer or the
         Purchaser to pay money due under any other agreement, note or other
         instrument relating to Indebtedness, which failure constitutes a
         default that remains uncured for more than the applicable grace period
         and such default results in acceleration of such Indebtedness; or a
         breach by the Seller, the Servicer, the Issuer or the Purchaser of any
         covenant or representation and warranty or any other event shall occur
         under any other agreement, note or other instrument evidencing
         Indebtedness, which event constitutes a default and such default
         results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness; PROVIDED THAT, in
         every case, such Indebtedness must be in an aggregate amount of at
         least $1,000,000 in order for an event described in this clause (iv) to
         constitute an Event of Default;

                  (v) an application is made by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
         Seller or the Servicer for the appointment of a receiver, trustee or
         custodian for all or any portion of the Collateral, the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities, the Bear Cross Collateral, or any other
         material assets of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the
         Servicer; a petition under any section or chapter of the Bankruptcy
         Code or any similar Federal or state law or regulation shall be filed
         by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer, or the
         Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer shall make an
         assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or any case or proceeding
         shall be filed by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer
         for its dissolution, liquidation, or termination; or the Issuer, the
         Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer ceases to conduct its business;

                  (vi) the Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities, the
         Bear Cross Collateral or any other assets of the Issuer, the Purchaser,
         the Seller or the Servicer are attached, seized, levied upon or
         subjected to a writ or distress warrant, or come within the possesion
         of any receiver, trustee, custodian, or assignee for the benefit of the
         Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer and the same is not
         dissolved or dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter except where
         any such actions or events would not either individually or in the
         aggregate materially and adversely affect the financial condition,
         operations, business or prospects of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
         Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be; an application is made by
         any Person other than the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the
         Servicer for the appointment of a receiver, trustee or custodian for
         the Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities, the Bear Cross
         Collateral or a material portion of the assets of the Issuer, the
         Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer and the same is not dismissed
         within sixty (60) days after the application thereof, or the Issuer,
         the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer shall have concealed, removed
         or permitted to be concealed or removed, in the case of the Issuer or
         the Purchaser, any part, and in the case of the Seller or the Servicer,
         any material portion, of its property with intent to hinder, delay or
         defraud its creditors or made or suffered a transfer of any of its
         property which is fraudulent under any bankruptcy, fraudulent
         conveyance or other similar law;

                  (vii) the Trustee shall for any reason cease to have a first
         priority perfected security interest in the Collateral for the benefit
         of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers;

                                      -23-
<PAGE>

                  (viii) the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer
         is enjoined, restrained or prevented by court order from conducting all
         or any material part of its business affairs, or a petition under any
         section or chapter of the Bankruptcy Code or any similar federal or
         State law or regulation is filed against the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
         Seller or the Servicer, or any case or proceeding is filed against the
         Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer, for its dissolution
         or liquidation, and such injunction, restraint, petition, case or
         proceeding is not dismissed within sixty (60) days after the entry of
         filing thereof;

                  (ix) a Borrowing Base Deficiency with respect to the Highest
         Priority Class shall exist and not be cured within one (1) Business
         Day;

                  (x) a Servicer Termination Event shall have occurred and is
         continuing;

                  (xi) the Controlling Note Purchaser or the Majority
         Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, in its or their reasonable,
         good faith judgment, has or have determined that there has been a
         Material Adverse Change with respect to the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
         Servicer, the Seller or the Receivables;

                  (xii) the occurrence of a Change of Control with respect to
         the Seller, the Servicer, the Issuer or the Purchaser;

                  (xiii) a final non-appealable judgment by any competent court
         in the United States is entered against the Seller, the Servicer, the
         Issuer or the Purchaser for the payment of money in an amount in excess
         of $1,000,000 and remains unpaid and not stayed for more than 45 days;

                  (xiv) any Basic Document shall be terminated or cease to be in
         full force or effect; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, in the case of a termination
         of the Lockbox Agreement, an Event of Default shall occur only upon the
         failure of the Seller, the Servicer, the Issuer or the Purchaser to
         obtain a successor lockbox arrangement reasonably acceptable to the
         Controlling Note Purchaser within thirty (30) days of such termination;
         or

                  (xv) Charles Bradley, Sr. becomes an employee, officer,
         director or controlling Person of CPS.

         (b) The Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and
each Noteholder, within two days after the occurrence thereof, written notice in
the form of an Officer's Certificate of any Event of Default which has occurred
or any event which either with the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or
both, would become an Event of Default, its status and what action the Issuer is
taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

         (c) After the earlier of the receipt of notice by the Trustee and the
date of actual knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee of the
occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder, the Trustee shall give
prompt written notice to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder of each such
Default or Event of Default hereunder so known to the Trustee.

         SECTION 5.2 RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT. If an Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing, the Trustee may, and at the direction of the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class shall, and with respect to an Event of Default pursuant to Section
5.1(a)(v), (vi) or (viii) hereof, the Trustee shall declare the Notes to be
immediately due and payable at par, together with accrued interest thereon
(calculated for these purposes using the applicable Default Applicable Margin).
In addition, if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the
Trustee may, and at the direction of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the
Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class shall, exercise any of the
remedies specified in SECTION 5.4.

         At any time after such declaration of acceleration of maturity has been
made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been
obtained by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Article V provided, the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class may, by written notice to the Issuer and the Trustee, rescind and annul
such declaration and its consequences if the Issuer has paid or deposited with
the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay:

                                      -24-
<PAGE>

                  (i) all payments of principal of and interest (calculated for
         these purposes using the applicable Default Applicable Margin) on the
         Notes, all amounts due the Note Purchasers under the Basic Documents,
         and all other amounts that would then be due hereunder, upon the Notes
         or under the Basic Documents if the Event of Default giving rise to
         such acceleration had not occurred; and

                  (ii) all sums paid or advanced by the Trustee hereunder and
         the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of
         the Trustee and its agents and counsel; and

                  (iii) all Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of the
         principal of the Notes that has become due solely by such acceleration,
         have been cured or waived as provided in Section 5.13.

         No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or impair any
right consequent thereto.

         SECTION 5.3 COLLECTION OF INDEBTEDNESS AND SUITS FOR ENFORCEMENT BY
TRUSTEE.

         (a) The Issuer covenants that if (i) default is made in the payment of
any interest on, or principal of, the Notes, or any amount due from the Issuer
to any Note Purchaser under the Basic Documents, when the same becomes due and
payable, the Issuer will, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to the Trustee, for
the benefit of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, as applicable, the whole
amount then due and payable on the Notes for principal and interest, with
interest upon the overdue principal, and, to the extent payment at such rate of
interest shall be legally enforceable, upon overdue installments of interest, at
the applicable Note Interest Rate, all other amounts due and owing by the Issuer
under the Basic Documents and, in each case, in addition thereto such further
amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection,
including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of
the Trustee and its agents and counsel.

         (b) If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in
its discretion subject to the prior written consent of the Controlling Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class and shall,
at the direction of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders
of the Highest Priority Class, proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the
rights of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders by such appropriate
Proceedings as the Trustee, the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class shall deem most effective to protect
and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any
covenant or agreement in this Indenture, any other Basic Document or in aid of
the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy
or legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by this Indenture, any other
Basic Document or by law.

         (c) [RESERVED].

         (d) [RESERVED].

         (e) In case there shall be pending, relative to the Issuer or any other
obligor upon the Notes or any Person having or claiming an ownership interest in
the Trust Estate or any portion thereof, proceedings under Title 11 of the
United States Code or any other applicable Federal or state bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in
bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall
have been appointed for or taken possession of the Issuer or its property or
such other obligor or Person, or in case of any other comparable judicial
proceedings relative to the Issuer or other obligor upon the Notes, or to the
creditors or property of the Issuer or such other obligor, the Trustee,
irrespective of whether the principal of the Notes shall then be due and payable
as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether
the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this
Section, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or
otherwise:

                                      -25-
<PAGE>

                  (i) to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount
         of principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Notes and
         the whole amount then due to the Note Purchasers under the Basic
         Documents and to file such other papers or documents as may be
         necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee
         (including any claim for reasonable compensation to the Trustee and
         each predecessor Trustee, and their respective agents, attorneys and
         counsel, and for reimbursement of all expenses and liabilities
         incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and each predecessor
         Trustee, except as a result of negligence, bad faith or willful
         misconduct) and of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders allowed in
         such proceedings;

                  (ii) unless prohibited by applicable law and regulations, to
         vote on behalf of the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers in any
         election of a trustee, a standby trustee or person performing similar
         functions in any such proceedings;

                  (iii) to collect and receive any moneys or other property
         payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute all amounts
         received with respect to the claims of the Noteholders, the Note
         Purchasers and of the Trustee on their behalf; and

                  (iv) to file such proofs of claim and other papers or
         documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims
         of the Trustee, the Note Purchasers or the Noteholders allowed in any
         judicial proceedings relative to the Issuer, its creditors and its
         property;

and any trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official in
any such proceeding is hereby authorized by the Noteholders and each Note
Purchaser to make payments to the Trustee, and, in the event that the Trustee
shall consent to the making of payments directly to the Noteholders or the Note
Purchasers, to pay to the Trustee such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
reasonable compensation to the Trustee, each predecessor Trustee and their
respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and all other expenses and liabilities
incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee
except as a result of negligence or bad faith.

         (f) Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee
to authorize or consent to or vote for or accept or adopt on behalf of any
Noteholder or any Note Purchaser any plan of reorganization, arrangement,
adjustment or composition affecting any class of the Notes or the rights of any
Noteholder or any Note Purchaser or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect
of the claim of any Noteholder or any Note Purchaser in any such proceeding
except, as aforesaid, to vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or
similar person.

         (g) All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture,
any other Basic Document or under the Notes, may be enforced by the Trustee
without the possession of the Notes or the production thereof in any trial or
other proceedings relative thereto, and any such action or proceedings
instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an
express trust, and any recovery of judgment, subject to the payment of the
expenses, disbursements and compensation of the Trustee, each predecessor
Trustee and their respective agents and attorneys, shall be for the benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers.

         (h) In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and also any proceedings
involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture or any other
Basic Document), the Trustee shall be held to represent the Note Purchasers and
the Noteholders, and it shall not be necessary to make the Note Purchasers or
the Noteholders a party to any such proceedings. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing contained in this Indenture shall be deemed to prohibit a Note Purchaser
or a Noteholder from representing itself in any such action or proceeding.

         SECTION 5.4 REMEDIES.

         (a) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class may do one or more of the following (subject to SECTION 5.5):

                                      -26-
<PAGE>

                  (i) institute or direct the Trustee to institute Proceedings
         in its own name and as trustee of an express trust for the collection
         of all amounts then payable by the Issuer under any Basic Document, on
         the Notes or under this Indenture with respect thereto, and all amounts
         due and owing to any Noteholder or any Note Purchaser pursuant to the
         Basic Documents, whether by declaration or otherwise, enforce any
         judgment obtained, and collect from the Issuer and any other obligor
         upon the Notes or such other obligations moneys adjudged due;

                  (ii) institute or direct the Trustee to institute Proceedings
         from time to time for the complete or partial foreclosure of this
         Indenture with respect to the Collateral;

                  (iii) exercise or direct the Trustee to exercise any remedies
         of a secured party under the UCC with respect to the Collateral and
         take any other appropriate action to protect and enforce the rights and
         remedies of the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders under
         the Basic Documents; and

                  (iv) sell or direct the Trustee to sell the Collateral or any
         portion thereof or rights or interest therein, at one or more public or
         private sales (including, without limitation, the sale of the
         Collateral in connection with a securitization thereof) called and
         conducted in any manner permitted by law,

         in each case without giving consideration to whether the proceeds of
any such sale shall be sufficient to pay amounts due and owing to the Class B
Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents.

         (b) If a Class B Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Majority Noteholders may
do one or more of the following, subject in each case to the terms and
provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement:

                  (i) institute or direct the Trustee to institute Proceedings
         from time to time for the complete or partial foreclosure of this
         Indenture solely with respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities;

                  (ii) exercise or direct the Trustee to exercise any remedies
         of a secured party under the UCC solely with respect to the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities and take any other appropriate action to protect
         and enforce the rights and remedies of the Trustee, the Class B Note
         Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders under the Basic Documents solely
         with respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities; and

                  (iii) sell or direct the Trustee to sell the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities or any portion thereof or rights or interest
         therein, at one or more public or private sales called and conducted in
         any manner permitted by law.

         (c) If a Class B Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, the Class B note purchasers and the Class B majority noteholders
under the UBS Basic Documents may do one or more of the following, subject in
each case to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement:

                  (i) institute or direct the UBS Indenture Trustee to institute
         Proceedings from time to time for the complete or partial foreclosure
         of this Indenture solely with respect to the Bear Cross Collateral;

                  (ii) exercise or direct the UBS Indenture Trustee to exercise
         any remedies of a secured party under the UCC solely with respect to
         the Bear Cross Collateral and take any other appropriate action to
         protect and enforce the rights and remedies of the Class B note
         purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents
         solely with respect to the Bear Cross Collateral; and

                  (iii) sell or direct the UBS Indenture Trustee to sell the
         Bear Cross Collateral or any portion thereof or rights or interest
         therein, at one or more public or private sales called and conducted in
         any manner permitted by law.

         SECTION 5.5 OPTIONAL PRESERVATION OF THE RECEIVABLES. If the Notes have
been declared to be due and payable under SECTION 5.2 following an Event of
Default and such declaration and its consequences have not been rescinded and

                                      -27-
<PAGE>

annulled, the Trustee may, but need not, elect to maintain possession of the
Collateral with the prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and
the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class. It is the desire of the
parties hereto and the Noteholders that there be at all times sufficient funds
for the payment of principal of and interest on the Notes, and, subject to the
Intercreditor Agreement, the Trustee shall take such desire into account when
determining whether or not to maintain possession of the Collateral. In
determining whether to maintain possession of the Collateral, the Trustee may,
but need not, obtain and rely upon an opinion of an Independent investment
banking or accounting firm of national reputation as to the feasibility of such
proposed action and as to the sufficiency of the Collateral for such purpose.

         SECTION 5.6 PRIORITIES.

         (a) If the Trustee collects any money or property in respect of the
Collateral pursuant to this Article V, it shall pay out the money or property in
the following order of priority:

                  (i) FIRST: to the Trustee for amounts due under Section 6.7;

                  (ii) SECOND: to the Class A Noteholders for amounts due and
         unpaid on the Class A Notes in respect of interest (including any
         premium), ratably, without preference or priority of any kind,
         according to the amounts due and payable on the Class A Notes in
         respect of interest (including any premium);

                  (iii) THIRD: to the Class A Noteholders for amounts due and
         unpaid on the Class A Notes in respect of principal, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and
         payable on the Class A Notes in respect of principal, until the
         outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes is reduced to zero;

                  (iv) FOURTH: to the Class A Note Purchaser for any amounts due
         and owing thereto under the Basic Documents;

                  (v) FIFTH: to the Class A Noteholders, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, for any amounts due and owing
         thereto under the Basic Documents;

                  (vi) SIXTH: to the Class B Noteholders for amounts due and
         unpaid on the Class B Notes in respect of interest (including any
         premium), ratably, without preference or priority of any kind,
         according to the amounts due and payable on the Class B Notes in
         respect of interest (including any premium);

                  (vii) SEVENTH: to the Class B Noteholders for amounts due and
         unpaid on the Class B Notes in respect of principal, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and
         payable on the Class B Notes in respect of principal, until the
         outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes is reduced to zero;

                  (viii) EIGHTH: to each Class B Note Purchaser, ratably,
         without preference or priority of any kind, for any amounts due and
         owing thereto under the Basic Documents;

                  (ix) NINTH: to the Class B Noteholders, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, for any amounts due and owing
         thereto under the Basic Documents;

                  (x) TENTH: to the UBS Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the
         Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic
         Documents, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, for any
         amounts due and owing thereto in respect of the UBS Secured
         Obligations; and

                                      -28-
<PAGE>

                  (xi) ELEVENTH: any excess amounts remaining after making the
         payments described in clauses FIRST through TENTH above, to be applied
         as Available Funds pursuant to Section 5.7(a) of the Sale and Servicing
         Agreement to the extent that any amounts payable thereunder have not
         been previously paid pursuant to clauses FIRST through TENTH above.

         (b) If the Trustee collects any money or property in respect of the
Pledged Subordinate Securities pursuant to this Article V, it shall pay out the
money or property in the following order of priority:

                  (i) FIRST: to the Class B Noteholders for amounts due and
         unpaid on the Class B Notes in respect of interest (including any
         premium), ratably, without preference or priority of any kind,
         according to the amounts due and payable on the Class B Notes in
         respect of interest (including any premium);

                  (ii) SECOND: to the Class B Noteholders for amounts due and
         unpaid on the Class B Notes in respect of principal, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and
         payable on the Class B Notes in respect of principal, until the
         outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes is reduced to zero;

                  (iii) THIRD: to each Class B Note Purchaser, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, for any amounts due and owing
         thereto under the Basic Documents;

                  (iv) FOURTH: to the Class B Noteholders, ratably, without
         preference or priority of any kind, for any amounts due and owing
         thereto under the Basic Documents;

                  (v) FIFTH: to the UBS Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the
         Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic
         Documents, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, for any
         amounts due and owing thereto in respect of the UBS Secured
         Obligations; and

                  (vi) SIXTH: any excess amounts remaining after making the
         payments described in clauses FIRST through FIFTH above, to be applied
         as Class B Available Funds pursuant to Section 5.7(b) of the Sale and
         Servicing Agreement to the extent that any amounts payable thereunder
         have not been previously paid pursuant to clauses FIRST through FIFTH
         above.

         (c) The Trustee may fix a record date and Settlement Date for any
payment to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant to this Section. At
least 15 days before such record date the Trustee shall mail to the Issuer, each
Note Purchaser and each Noteholder a notice that states such record date, the
Settlement Date and the amount to be paid.

         SECTION 5.7 LIMITATION OF SUITS.

         (a) The Controlling Note Purchaser shall have the right to institute
any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for
the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, in
each case with respect to the Collateral or the Bear Cross Collateral, provided,
that:

                  (i) the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class
         have previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing
         Event of Default;

                  (ii) the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class
         have made a written request to the Trustee to institute such proceeding
         in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee
         hereunder;

                  (iii) the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class
         have offered to the Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it
         against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in complying
         with such request; and

                                      -29-
<PAGE>

                  (iv) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice,
         request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute such
         proceedings;

it being understood and intended that no Holder of a Note shall have any right
in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this
Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder of the
Notes or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other
Holder or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner
provided herein or in the other Basic Documents, in each case subject to the
Intercreditor Agreement, and it being understood that if a Note is held by the
Controlling Note Purchaser or an Affiliate thereof, the Holder may directly
institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture,
or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy.

         (b) The Class B Note Purchasers shall have the right to institute any
proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the
appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, in each
case solely with respect to the Pledged Subordinate Securities and the Class B
Available Funds, provided, that:

                  (i) the Class B Majority Noteholders have previously given
         written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Class B Event of Default;

                  (ii) the Class B Majority Noteholders have made a written
         request to the Trustee to institute such proceeding in respect of such
         Class B Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder;

                  (iii) the Class B Majority Noteholders have offered to the
         Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs,
         expenses and liabilities to be incurred in complying with such request;
         and

                  (iv) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice,
         request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute such
         proceedings;

it being understood and intended that no Holder of a Class B Note shall have any
right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of
this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder or
to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other Holder or
to enforce any right under this Indenture, in each case solely with respect to
the Pledged Subordinate Securities, except in the manner provided herein or in
the other Basic Documents and it being understood that if a Class B Note is held
by the Controlling Note Purchaser or an Affiliate thereof, the Holder may
directly institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this
Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other
remedy.

         (c) Only the UBS Indenture Trustee shall have the right to institute
any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for
the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, in
each case solely with respect to the Bear Cross Collateral and subject to the
prior Lien thereon Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of this Indenture and
to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, provided, that:

                  (i) the Class B majority noteholders under the UBS Basic
         Documents shall have previously given written notice to the UBS
         Indenture Trustee of a continuing Class B Event of Default pursuant to
         the UBS Basic Documents;

                  (ii) the Class B majority noteholders under the UBS Basic
         Documents shall have made a written request to the UBS Indenture
         Trustee to institute such proceeding in respect of such Class B Event
         of Default in its own name as UBS Indenture Trustee thereunder;

                                      -30-
<PAGE>

                  (iii) the Class B majority noteholders under the UBS Basic
         Documents shall have offered to the UBS Indenture Trustee indemnity
         reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and
         liabilities to be incurred in complying with such request; and

                  (iv) the UBS Indenture Trustee for 60 days after its receipt
         of such notice, request and offer of indemnity shall have has failed to
         institute such proceedings;

it being understood and intended that no Class B noteholder under the UBS Basic
Documents shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by
availing of, any provision of this Indenture, any other Basic Document or any
UBS Basic Document to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Class
B noteholder under the UBS Basic Documents or to obtain or to seek to obtain
priority or preference over any other Class B noteholder under the UBS Basic
Documents or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner
provided herein, in the other Basic Documents or in the UBS Basic Documents.

         SECTION 5.8 UNCONDITIONAL RIGHTS OF THE NOTEHOLDERS TO RECEIVE
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture,
(i) each Noteholder shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional,
to receive payment of the applicable Percentage Interest of principal of and
interest, if any, on such Note on or after the respective due dates thereof
expressed in such Note or in this Indenture in accordance with the priorities
specified in Section 5.8 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and Section 5.6(a)
of this Indenture, and (ii) each Note Purchaser shall have the right, which is
absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of all amounts owed to it by the
Issuer under the Basic Documents when the same shall become due (in accordance
with the priorities specified in Section 5.8 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement
and Section 5.6(a) of this Indenture), and, in each case, to institute suit for
the enforcement of any such payment, and such right shall not be impaired
without the consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, as applicable.

         SECTION 5.9 RESTORATION OF RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. If any Note Purchaser
or any Noteholder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy
under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for
any reason or has been determined adversely to the Trustee, such Note Purchaser
or to such Noteholder, then and in every such case the Issuer, the Trustee, such
Note Purchaser and such Noteholder shall, subject to any determination in such
Proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to their former positions
hereunder, and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee, such Note
Purchaser and such Noteholder shall continue as though no such proceeding had
been instituted.

         SECTION 5.10 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. No right or remedy herein
conferred upon or reserved to any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder is intended
to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall,
to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other
right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in
equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy
hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or
employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

         SECTION 5.11 DELAY OR OMISSION NOT A WAIVER. No delay or omission of
any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy accruing
upon any Default, Event of Default, Class B Default or Class B Event of Default
shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such
Default, Event of Default, Class B Default or Class B Event of Default or an
acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article V or by law
to the Trustee, any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder may be exercised from time
to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee, such Note
Purchaser or such Noteholder, as the case may be.

         SECTION 5.12 [RESERVED].

                                      -31-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 5.13 WAIVER OF PAST DEFAULTS. Prior to the declaration of the
acceleration of the maturity of the Notes as provided in SECTION 5.2, the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class may waive any past Default or Event of Default and its consequences except
a Default or Event of Default (i) in payment of principal of or interest on the
Highest Priority Class of Notes or (ii) in respect of a covenant or provision
hereof which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each affected
Note Purchaser and each affected Noteholder. In the case of any such waiver, the
Issuer, the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders shall be restored
to their former positions and rights hereunder, respectively; but no such waiver
shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair
any right consequent thereto.

         Upon any such waiver, such Default or Event of Default shall cease to
exist and be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred, and any Event
of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured and not to have
occurred, for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend
to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right
consequent thereto.

         SECTION 5.14 UNDERTAKING FOR COSTS. Each of the Issuer and the Trustee
agrees, and each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a
Note, shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion
require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this
Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or
omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an
undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and that such court may in its
discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and
good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; but the
provisions of this Section shall not apply to (a) any suit instituted by the
Trustee, (b) any suit instituted by any Note Purchaser or Noteholders holding in
the aggregate more than 10% of Percentage Interests of any class of Notes or (c)
any suit instituted by the Noteholders for the enforcement of the payment of
principal of or interest on the Notes on or after the respective due dates
expressed in the Notes and in this Indenture.

         SECTION 5.15 WAIVER OF STAY OR EXTENSION LAWS. The Issuer covenants (to
the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon,
or plead or in any manner whatsoever, claim or take the benefit or advantage of,
any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in
force, that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and
the Issuer (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives
all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not hinder,
delay or impede the execution of any power and any right of the Issuer to take
such action shall be suspended.

         SECTION 5.16 SALE OF TRUST ESTATE.

         (a) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Trustee shall not in
any private sale sell to a third party the Collateral, or any portion thereof
pursuant to Section 5.4(a)(iv) unless,

                  (i) the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
         Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class consent to or direct the
         Trustee in writing to make such sale; or

                  (ii) the proceeds of such sale would be not less than the sum
         of (x) all amounts due on the entire unpaid principal amount of each
         class of Notes and interest due or to become due thereon in accordance
         with Section 5.6(a) hereof on the Settlement Date next succeeding the
         date of such sale and (y) all amounts due the Note Purchasers and the
         Noteholders under the Basic Documents.

         (b) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Trustee shall not in
any private sale sell to a third party the Pledged Subordinate Securities, or
any portion thereof pursuant to Section 5.4(b)(iii) unless,

                                      -32-
<PAGE>

                  (i) the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Majority
         Noteholders consent to or direct the Trustee in writing to make such
         sale; or

                  (ii) the proceeds of such sale would be not less than the sum
         of (x) all amounts due on the entire unpaid principal amount of the
         Class B Notes and interest due or to become due thereon in accordance
         with Section 5.6(b) hereof on the Settlement Date next succeeding the
         date of such sale and (y) all amounts due the Class B Note Purchasers
         and the Class B Noteholders under the Basic Documents.

         (c) To the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the prior
Lien Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of this Indenture and to the terms
and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the UBS Indenture Trustee shall
not in any private sale sell to a third party the Bear Cross Collateral, or any
portion thereof pursuant to Section 5.4(c)(iii) unless,

                  (i) the Class B note purchasers and the Class B majority
         noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents consent to or direct the UBS
         Indenture Trustee in writing to make such sale; or

                  (ii) the proceeds of such sale would be not less than the sum
         of (x) all amounts due on the entire unpaid principal amount of the
         Class B notes under the UBS Basic Documents and interest due or to
         become due thereon in accordance with Section 5.6(b) hereof on the
         Settlement Date next succeeding the date of such sale and (y) all
         amounts due the Class B note purchasers and the Class B noteholders
         under the UBS Basic Documents.

         (d) For any public sale of the Trust Estate pursuant to Section
5.4(a)(iv) or 5.4(b)(iii), the Trustee shall have provided the applicable Note
Purchasers, the applicable Noteholders and the UBS Indenture Trustee, if
applicable, with notice of such sale at least two weeks in advance of such sale
which notice shall specify the date, time and location of such sale. For any
public sale of the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.4(c)(iii), the UBS
Indenture Trustee shall have provided the Class B note purchasers and the Class
B noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents with notice of such sale at least
two weeks in advance of such sale which notice shall specify the date, time and
location of such sale.

         (e) In connection with a sale of all or any portion of the Collateral
pursuant to Section 5.4(a)(iv):

                  (i) any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder may bid for and
         purchase the property offered for sale, and may hold, retain, possess
         and dispose of such property, without further accountability, and (x)
         any Noteholder of the Highest Priority Class may, in paying the
         purchase money therefor, deliver in lieu of cash any Outstanding Note
         of the Highest Priority Class or claims for interest thereon for credit
         in the amount that shall, upon distribution of the net proceeds of such
         sale, be payable thereon, and the Note of the Highest Priority Class so
         delivered shall be cancelled and extinguished except that, in case the
         amounts so payable thereon shall be less than the amount due thereon,
         such Note shall be returned to the related Noteholder after being
         appropriately stamped to show such partial payment and (y) the
         Controlling Note Purchaser may, in paying the purchase money therefor,
         set-off against any amount owed to it by the Issuer under the Basic
         Documents;

                  (ii) the Trustee shall execute and deliver an appropriate
         instrument of conveyance transferring its interest in any portion of
         the Collateral in connection with a sale thereof; and

                  (iii) the Trustee is hereby irrevocably appointed the agent
         and attorney-in-fact of the Issuer to transfer and convey its interest
         in any portion of the Collateral in connection with a sale thereof, and
         to take all action necessary to effect such sale.

         (f) In connection with a sale of all or any portion of the Pledged
Subordinate Securities pursuant to Section 5.4(b)(iii):

                                      -33-
<PAGE>

                  (i) any Class B Note Purchaser or any Class B Noteholder may
         bid for and purchase the property offered for sale, and may hold,
         retain, possess and dispose of such property, without further
         accountability, and (x) any Class B Noteholder may, in paying the
         purchase money therefor, deliver in lieu of cash any Outstanding Class
         B Note or claims for interest thereon for credit in the amount that
         shall, upon distribution of the net proceeds of such sale, be payable
         thereon, and the Class B Note so delivered shall be cancelled and
         extinguished except that, in case the amounts so payable thereon shall
         be less than the amount due thereon, such Class B Note shall be
         returned to the related Class B Noteholder after being appropriately
         stamped to show such partial payment and (y) any Class B Note Purchaser
         may, in paying the purchase money therefor, set-off against any amount
         owed to it under the Basic Documents;

                  (ii) the Trustee shall execute and deliver an appropriate
         instrument of conveyance transferring its interest in any portion of
         the Pledged Subordinate Securities in connection with a sale thereof;
         and

                  (iii) the Trustee is hereby irrevocably appointed the agent
         and attorney-in-fact of the Issuer to transfer and convey its interest
         in any portion of the Pledged Subordinate Securities in connection with
         a sale thereof, and to take all action necessary to effect such sale.

         (g) In connection with a sale of all or any portion of the Bear Cross
Collateral pursuant to Section 5.4(c)(iii), subject to the prior Lien Granted
pursuant to Granting Clause I of this Indenture and to the terms and provisions
of the Intercreditor Agreement:

                  (i) any Class B note purchaser or any Class B noteholder under
         the UBS Basic Documents may bid for and purchase the property offered
         for sale, and may hold, retain, possess and dispose of such property,
         without further accountability, and (x) any Class B noteholder under
         the UBS Basic Documents may, in paying the purchase money therefor,
         deliver in lieu of cash any outstanding Class B note issued under the
         UBS Basic Documents or claims for interest thereon for credit in the
         amount that shall, upon distribution of the net proceeds of such sale,
         be payable thereon, and the Class B note so delivered shall be
         cancelled and extinguished except that, in case the amounts so payable
         thereon shall be less than the amount due thereon, such Class B note
         shall be returned to the related Class B noteholder after being
         appropriately stamped to show such partial payment and (y) any Class B
         note purchaser under the UBS Basic Documents may, in paying the
         purchase money therefor, set-off against any amount owed to it under
         the UBS Basic Documents;

                  (ii) the UBS Indenture Trustee shall execute and deliver an
         appropriate instrument of conveyance transferring its interest in any
         portion of the Bear Cross Collateral in connection with a sale thereof;
         and

                  (iii) the UBS Indenture Trustee is hereby irrevocably
         appointed the agent and attorney-in-fact of the Issuer to transfer and
         convey its interest in any portion of the Bear Cross Collateral in
         connection with a sale thereof, and to take all action necessary to
         effect such sale.

         (h) The method, manner, time, place and terms of any sale of all or any
portion of the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.4(a)(iv), Section 5.4(b)(iii)
or Section 5.4(c)(iii) or otherwise shall be commercially reasonable.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                   THE TRUSTEE

         SECTION 6.1 DUTIES OF TRUSTEE. If an Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise the rights and powers vested in it by
this Indenture and the other Basic Documents and use the same degree of care and
skill in their exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the
circumstances in the conduct of such person's own affairs.

                                      -34-
<PAGE>

         (a) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:

                  (i) the Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only
         such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture and each of
         the other Basic Documents to which it is a party (and, solely with
         respect to any of its rights, obligations or remedies with respect to
         any UBS Cross Collateral for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders and
         the Class B Note Purchasers, such duties as are specified with respect
         thereto in the UBS Basic Documents (including, without limitation, the
         UBS Intercreditor Agreement)) and no implied covenants or obligations
         shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and

                  (ii) in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may
         conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the
         correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or
         opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of
         this Indenture; however, the Trustee shall examine the certificates and
         opinions to determine whether or not they conform on their face to the
         requirements of this Indenture.

         (b) The Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own
negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful
misconduct, except that:

                  (i) this paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b)
         of this Section; and

                  (ii) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment
         made in good faith by a Responsible Officer unless it is proved that
         the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.

         (c) The Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received
by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Issuer.

         (d) Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from
other funds except to the extent required by law or the terms of this Indenture
or the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

         (e) No provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend
or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability in the performance
of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or
powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds to believe that repayment of such
funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably
assured to it.

         (f) Every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or
affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee shall be
subject to the provisions of this Section.

         (g) The Trustee shall permit any representative of any Note Purchaser
or any Noteholder, during the Trustee's normal business hours, to examine all
books of account, records, reports and other papers of the Trustee relating to
the Notes and the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents, to make
copies and extracts therefrom and to discuss the Trustee's affairs and actions,
as such affairs and actions relate to the Trustee's duties with respect to the
Notes and the Note Purchasers, with the Trustee's officers and employees
responsible for carrying out the Trustee's duties with respect to the Notes and
the Note Purchasers.

         (h) The Trustee shall, and hereby agrees that it will, perform all of
the obligations and duties required of it under the other Basic Documents and,
solely with respect to any of its rights, obligations or remedies with respect
to any UBS Cross Collateral for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the
Class B Note Purchasers, such duties as are specified with respect thereto in
the UBS Basic Documents (including, without limitation, the UBS Intercreditor
Agreement).

         (i) Except for actions expressly authorized by this Indenture, the
Trustee shall take no action reasonably likely to impair the security interests
created or existing under any Receivable or Financed Vehicle or to impair the
value of any Receivable or Financed Vehicle.

                                      -35-
<PAGE>

         (j) All information obtained by the Trustee regarding the Obligors and
the Receivables, whether upon the exercise of its rights under this Indenture or
otherwise, shall be maintained by the Trustee in confidence and shall not be
disclosed to any other Person, other than the Trustee's attorneys, accountants
and agents unless such disclosure is required by this Indenture or any
applicable law or regulation.

         SECTION 6.2 RIGHTS OF TRUSTEE. Subject to Sections 6.1 and this Section
6.2, the Trustee shall be protected and shall incur no liability to the Issuer,
any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder in relying upon the accuracy, acting in
reliance upon the contents, and assuming the genuineness of any notice, demand,
certificate, signature, instrument or other document reasonably believed by the
Trustee to be genuine and to have been duly executed by the appropriate
signatory, and, except to the extent the Trustee has actual knowledge to the
contrary or as required pursuant to Section 6.1 the Trustee shall not be
required to make any independent investigation with respect thereto.

         (a) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an
Officer's Certificate. Subject to Section 6.1(c), the Trustee shall not be
liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on the
Officer's Certificate.

         (b) The Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or
perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or
attorneys or a custodian or nominee, and the Trustee shall not be responsible
for any misconduct or negligence on the part of, or for the supervision of the
Servicer, the Backup Servicer or any other such agent, attorney, custodian or
nominee appointed with due care by it hereunder.

         (c) The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to
take in good faith which it believes to be authorized or within its rights or
powers; provided, however, that the Trustee's conduct does not constitute
willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith.

         (d) The Trustee may consult with counsel, and the advice or opinion of
counsel with respect to legal matters relating to this Indenture, the other
Basic Documents and the Notes shall be full and complete authorization and
protection from liability in respect to any action taken, omitted or suffered by
it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such
counsel.

         (e) The Trustee shall be under no obligation to institute, conduct or
defend any litigation under this Indenture or in relation to this Indenture, at
the request, order or direction of any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder,
pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture, unless such Note Purchaser and/or
such Noteholder, as applicable, shall have offered to the Trustee reasonable
security or indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities that may be
incurred therein or thereby; provided, however, that the Trustee shall, upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default (that has not been cured), exercise the rights
and powers vested in it by this Indenture in accordance with Section 6.1.

         (f) The Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the
facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, bond or other paper
or document, unless requested in writing to do so by the Controlling Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class; provided,
however, that if the payment within a reasonable time to the Trustee of the
costs, expenses or liabilities likely to be incurred by it in the making of such
investigation is, in the opinion of the Trustee, not reasonably assured to the
Trustee by the security afforded to it by the terms of this Indenture or the
Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Trustee may require reasonable indemnity
against such cost, expense or liability as a condition to so proceeding; the
reasonable expense of every such examination shall be paid by the Person making
such request, or, if paid by the Trustee, shall be reimbursed by the Person
making such request upon demand.

         SECTION 6.3 INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS OF TRUSTEE. The Trustee in its individual
or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of a Note and may
otherwise deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates with the same rights it would
have if it were not the Trustee. Any Note Paying Agent, Note Registrar,
co-registrar or co-paying agent may do the same with like rights. However, the
Trustee must comply with Section 6.11.

                                      -36-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 6.4 TRUSTEE'S DISCLAIMER. The Trustee shall not be responsible
for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this
Indenture, the Trust Estate, the Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities,
the Bear Cross Collateral or the Notes, it shall not be accountable for the
Issuer's use of the proceeds from the Notes, and it shall not be responsible for
any statement of the Issuer in the Indenture or in any document issued in
connection with the sale of the Notes or in the Notes other than the Trustee's
certificate of authentication.

         SECTION 6.5 NOTICE OF DEFAULTS. If an Event of Default occurs and is
continuing and if it is either known by, or written notice of the existence
thereof has been delivered to, a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee
shall mail to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder a notice of the Default
within three (3) Business Days after such knowledge or notice occurs.

         SECTION 6.6 REPORTS BY TRUSTEE TO THE NOTEHOLDERS. The Trustee shall on
behalf of the Issuer deliver to the Noteholders and each Note Purchaser such
information as may be reasonably required to enable the Noteholders and the Note
Purchasers to prepare their respective Federal and State income tax returns.

         SECTION 6.7 COMPENSATION AND INDEMNITY.

         (a) Pursuant to Section 5.7(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the
Issuer shall pay to the Trustee from time to time compensation for its services.
The Trustee's compensation shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a
trustee of an express trust. The Issuer shall reimburse the Trustee, pursuant
and subject to Section 5.7(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, for all
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred or made by it, including costs of
collection, in addition to the compensation for its services. Such expenses
shall include the reasonable compensation and expenses, disbursements and
advances of the Trustee's agents, counsel, accountants and experts. The Issuer
shall or shall cause the Servicer to indemnify the Trustee against any and all
loss, liability or expense incurred by the Trustee without willful misfeasance,
negligence or bad faith on its part arising out of or in connection with the
acceptance or the administration of this trust and the performance of its duties
hereunder, including the costs and expenses of defending itself against any
claim or liability in connection therewith. The Trustee shall notify the Issuer
and the Servicer promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity. Failure
by the Trustee to so notify the Issuer and the Servicer shall not relieve the
Issuer of its obligations hereunder or the Servicer of its obligations under
Article XII of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Trustee may have separate
counsel and the Issuer shall or shall cause the Servicer to pay the reasonable
fees and expenses of such counsel. Neither the Issuer nor the Servicer need
reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss, liability or expense
incurred by the Trustee through the Trustee's own willful misconduct, negligence
or bad faith.

         (b) The Issuer's payment obligations to the Trustee pursuant to this
Section shall survive the discharge of this Indenture. When the Trustee incurs
expenses after the occurrence of a Default specified in Section 5.1(a)(v) with
respect to the Issuer, the expenses are intended to constitute expenses of
administration under Title 11 of the United States Code or any other applicable
Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law. Notwithstanding anything
else set forth in this Indenture or the other Basic Documents, the recourse of
the Trustee hereunder and under the other Basic Documents specifically shall not
be recourse to the assets of any Noteholder or any Note Purchaser.

         SECTION 6.8 REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE. The Issuer may, with the consent of
the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class, and at the request of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the
Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class shall, remove the Trustee if:

                                      -37-
<PAGE>

                  (i) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 6.11 or the
         Trustee fails to perform any other material covenant or agreement of
         the Trustee set forth in the Basic Documents to which the Trustee is a
         party and such failure continues for 45 days after written notice of
         such failure from a Note Purchaser or a Noteholder;

                  (ii) an Insolvency Event with respect to the Trustee occurs;
         or

                  (iii) the Trustee otherwise becomes incapable of acting.

         If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the
office of Trustee for any reason (the Trustee in such event being referred to
herein as the retiring Trustee), the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor
Trustee acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class. If the Issuer fails to appoint such a
successor Trustee, the Controlling Note Purchaser and/or the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class may appoint a successor Trustee.

         A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its
appointment to the retiring Trustee, each Note Purchaser, each Noteholder and
the Issuer, whereupon, the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall
become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers
and duties of the retiring Trustee under this Indenture. The retiring Trustee
shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor
Trustee.

         If a successor Trustee does not take office within 60 days after the
retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee, the Issuer, the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a
successor Trustee.

         Any resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a
successor Trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section shall not
become effective until acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee
pursuant to SECTION 6.8.

         Notwithstanding the replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this
Section, the Issuer's and the Servicer's obligations under Section 6.7 shall
continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee.

         SECTION 6.9 SUCCESSOR TRUSTEE BY MERGER. If the Trustee consolidates
with, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all its
corporate trust business or assets to, another corporation or banking
association, the resulting, surviving or transferee corporation without any
further act shall be the successor Trustee. The Trustee shall provide prior
written notice of any such transaction to each Noteholder and each Note
Purchaser.

         (a) In case at the time such successor or successors to the Trustee by
merger, conversion or consolidation shall succeed to the trusts created by this
Indenture the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such
successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any
predecessor trustee, and deliver the Notes so authenticated; and in case at that
time the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee
may authenticate the Notes either in the name of any predecessor hereunder or in
the name of the successor to the Trustee; and in all such cases such
certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Notes or in
this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have.

         SECTION 6.10 APPOINTMENT OF CO-TRUSTEE OR SEPARATE TRUSTEE.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, at any time, for the
purpose of meeting any legal requirement of any jurisdiction in which any part
of the Trust Estate may at the time be located, the Trustee with the consent of


                                      -38-
<PAGE>

the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class shall have the power and may execute and deliver all instruments
to appoint one or more Persons to act as a co-trustee or co-trustees, or
separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or any part of the Trust Estate,
and to vest in such Person or Persons, in such capacity and for the benefit of
the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, such title to the Trust Estate, or any
part thereof, and, subject to the other provisions of this Section, such powers,
duties, obligations, rights and trusts as the Trustee may consider necessary or
desirable. No co-trustee or separate trustee hereunder shall be required to meet
the terms of eligibility as a successor trustee under Section 6.11 and no notice
to the Note Purchasers or the Noteholders of the appointment of any co-trustee
or separate trustee shall be required under Section 6.8 hereof.

         (a) Every separate trustee and co-trustee shall, to the extent
permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and
conditions:

                  (i) all rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or
         imposed upon the Trustee shall be conferred or imposed upon and
         exercised or performed by the Trustee and such separate trustee or
         co-trustee jointly (it being understood that such separate trustee or
         co-trustee is not authorized to act separately without the Trustee
         joining in such act), except to the extent that under any law of any
         jurisdiction in which any particular act or acts are to be performed
         the Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act or
         acts, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations
         (including the holding of title to the Trust or any portion thereof in
         any such jurisdiction) shall be exercised and performed singly by such
         separate trustee or co-trustee, but solely at the direction of the
         Trustee;

                  (ii) no trustee hereunder shall be personally liable by reason
         of any act or omission of any other trustee hereunder, including acts
         or omissions of predecessor or successor trustees; and

                  (iii) the Trustee may at any time accept the resignation of or
         remove any separate trustee or co-trustee.

         (b) Any notice, request or other writing given to the Trustee shall be
deemed to have been given to each of the then separate trustees and co-trustees,
as effectively as if given to each of them. Every instrument appointing any
separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer to this Indenture and the conditions
of this Article VI. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of
the trusts conferred, shall be vested with the estates or property specified in
its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Trustee or separately, as
may be provided therein, subject to all the provisions of this Indenture,
specifically including every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct
of, affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Trustee. Every
such instrument shall be filed with the Trustee.

         (c) Any separate trustee or co-trustee may at any time constitute the
Trustee, its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to the
extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this
Indenture on its behalf and in its name. If any separate trustee or co-trustee
shall die, dissolve, become insolvent, become incapable of acting, resign or be
removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall
invest in and be exercised by the Trustee, to the extent permitted by law,
without the appointment of a new or successor trustee.

         SECTION 6.11 ELIGIBILITY: DISQUALIFICATION. The Trustee shall have a
combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 as set forth in its most
recent published annual report of condition and subject to supervision or
examination by federal or state authorities; and having a rating, both with
respect to long-term and short-term unsecured obligations, of not less than
investment grade by Standard & Poor's or Moody's. The Trustee shall provide
copies of such reports to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder upon request.

         SECTION 6.12 [RESERVED].

                                      -39-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 6.13 APPOINTMENT AND POWERS. Subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, the Noteholders and the Note Purchasers hereby appoint Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association as the Trustee with respect to the Collateral,
and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association hereby accepts such appointment and
agrees to act as Trustee with respect to the Collateral for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchasers, to maintain custody and possession of such
Collateral (except as otherwise provided hereunder) and to perform the other
duties of the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and
the other Basic Documents. In addition, subject to the terms and conditions
hereof, the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers hereby appoint
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as the Trustee with respect to the
Pledged Subordinate Securities, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to act as Trustee with respect to the
Pledged Subordinate Securities for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders and
the Class B Note Purchasers, to maintain custody and possession of such Pledged
Subordinate Securities (except as otherwise provided hereunder) and to perform
the other duties of the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of this
Indenture and the other Basic Documents. In addition, subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers
hereby appoint Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as the Trustee with
respect to the UBS Cross Collateral, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to act as Trustee with respect to the
UBS Cross Collateral for the benefit of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B
Note Purchasers, to exercise all rights and remedies relating to such UBS Cross
Collateral on behalf of the Class B Noteholders and the Class B Note Purchasers
(as provided herein and in the UBS Basic Documents), in each case subject to the
terms and provisions of the UBS Intercreditor Agreement, and to perform the
other duties of the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture
and the other Basic Documents. Each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder, by its
acceptance of a Note, hereby authorizes the Trustee to take such action on its
behalf, and to exercise such rights, remedies, powers and privileges hereunder,
as such Note Purchaser or such Noteholder may direct and as are specifically
authorized to be exercised by the Trustee by the terms hereof, together with
such actions, rights, remedies, powers and privileges as are reasonably
incidental thereto. The Trustee shall act upon and in compliance with the
written instructions of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class delivered pursuant to this Indenture
promptly following receipt of such written instructions; provided that the
Trustee shall not act in accordance with any instructions (i) which are not
authorized by, or in violation of the provisions of, this Indenture or any
Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) which are in violation of any applicable law, rule
or regulation or (iii) for which the Trustee has not received reasonable
indemnity. Receipt of such instructions shall not be a condition to the exercise
by the Trustee of its express duties hereunder, except where this Indenture
provides that the Trustee is permitted to act only following and in accordance
with such instructions.

         SECTION 6.14 PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES. The Trustee shall have no duties or
responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Indenture and the
other Basic Documents to which the Trustee is a party or as directed by the
Noteholders or the Controlling Note Purchaser in accordance with this Indenture
and the other Basic Documents. The Trustee shall not be required to take any
discretionary actions hereunder except (i) at the written direction of the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class, or (ii) in the case of discretionary actions solely with respect to the
Pledged Subordinate Securities or the UBS Cross Collateral, subject to the prior
Lien Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of the UBS Indenture and the UBS
Intercreditor Agreement, at the written direction of the Class B Note Purchasers
and the Class B Majority Noteholders. The Trustee shall, and hereby agrees that
it will, perform all of the duties and obligations required of it under the
Basic Documents.

         SECTION 6.15 LIMITATION ON LIABILITY. Neither the Trustee nor any of
its directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any action taken or
omitted to be taken by it or them in good faith hereunder, or in connection
herewith, except that the Trustee shall be liable for its negligence, bad faith
or willful misconduct. Notwithstanding any term or provision of this Indenture,
the Trustee shall incur no liability to the Issuer, any Note Purchaser or any
Noteholder for any action taken or omitted by the Trustee in connection with the
Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities or the Bear Cross Collateral,


                                      -40-
<PAGE>

except for the negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the
Trustee, and, further, shall incur no liability to any Note Purchaser or any
Noteholder except for negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in carrying
out its duties to such Note Purchaser or such Noteholder. The Trustee shall at
all times be free independently to establish to its reasonable satisfaction, but
shall have no duty to independently verify, the existence or nonexistence of
facts that are a condition to the exercise or enforcement of any right or remedy
hereunder or under any of the Basic Documents. The Trustee may consult with
counsel, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by
it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the written advice of such
counsel. The Trustee shall not be under any obligation to exercise any of the
remedial rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture or to follow any
direction from any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder unless it shall have
received reasonable security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against
the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it.

         SECTION 6.16 [RESERVED].

         SECTION 6.17 SUCCESSOR TRUSTEE.

         (a) MERGER. Any Person into which the Trustee may be converted or
merged, or with which it may be consolidated, or to which it may sell or
transfer its trust business and assets as a whole or substantially as a whole,
or any Person resulting from any such conversion, merger, consolidation, sale or
transfer to which the Trustee is a party, shall (provided it is otherwise
qualified to serve as the Trustee hereunder) be and become a successor Trustee
hereunder and be vested with all of the title to and interest in the Collateral,
the Pledged Subordinate Securities and the Bear Cross Collateral and all of the
trusts, powers, descriptions, immunities, privileges and other matters and have
all of the obligations as its predecessor without the execution or filing of any
instrument or any further act, deed or conveyance on the part of any of the
parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except to the
extent, if any, that any such action is necessary to perfect, or continue the
perfection of, the security interest of the Trustee for the benefit of the (i)
the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders in the Collateral, (ii) the Class B Note
Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders in the Pledged Subordinate Securities,
and (iii) subject to the prior Lien Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of
this Indenture and to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement,
the UBS Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the
Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents in the Bear Cross Collateral;
provided that any such successor shall also be the successor Trustee under
SECTION 6.9.

         (b) REMOVAL. The Trustee may be removed by the Controlling Note
Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class at any
time, with or without cause, by an instrument or concurrent instruments in
writing delivered to the Trustee and the Issuer. A temporary successor may be
removed at any time to allow a successor Trustee to be appointed pursuant to
subsection (c) below. Any removal pursuant to the provisions of this subsection
(b) shall take effect only upon the date which is the latest of (i) the
effective date of the appointment of a successor Trustee and the acceptance in
writing by such successor Trustee of such appointment and of its obligation to
perform its duties hereunder in accordance with the provisions hereof, and (ii)
receipt by the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders of an Opinion of Counsel to
the effect described in Section 3.4.

         (c) ACCEPTANCE BY SUCCESSOR. The Controlling Note Purchaser and the
Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class shall have the sole right to
appoint each successor Trustee. Every temporary or permanent successor Trustee
appointed hereunder shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to its predecessor
and to the Trustee, the Note Purchasers, the Noteholders and the Issuer an
instrument in writing accepting such appointment hereunder and the relevant
predecessor shall execute, acknowledge and deliver such other documents and
instruments as will effectuate the delivery of all Collateral, Pledged
Subordinate Securities and Bear Cross Collateral to the successor Trustee,
whereupon such successor, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall
become fully vested with all the estates, properties, rights, powers, duties and
obligations of its predecessor. Such predecessor shall, nevertheless, on the
written request of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders
of the Highest Priority Class or the Issuer, execute and deliver an instrument
transferring to such successor all the estates, properties, rights and powers of
such predecessor hereunder. In the event that any instrument in writing from the
Issuer or the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the
Highest Priority Class is reasonably required by a successor Trustee to more
fully and certainly vest in such successor the estates, properties, rights,

                                      -41-
<PAGE>

powers, duties and obligations vested or intended to be vested hereunder in the
Trustee, any and all such written instruments shall at the request of the
temporary or permanent successor Trustee, be forthwith executed, acknowledged
and delivered by the Trustee or the Issuer, as the case may be. The designation
of any successor Trustee and the instrument or instruments removing any Trustee
and appointing a successor hereunder, together with all other instruments
provided for herein, shall be maintained with the records relating to the
Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities and the Bear Cross Collateral
and, to the extent required by applicable law, filed or recorded by the
successor Trustee in each place where such filing or recording is necessary to
effect the transfer of the Collateral, the Pledged Subordinate Securities and
the Bear Cross Collateral to the successor Trustee or to protect or continue the
perfection of the security interests granted hereunder.

         SECTION 6.18 [RESERVED].

         SECTION 6.19 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE TRUSTEE. The Trustee
represents and warrants to the Issuer, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder
as follows:

         (a) The Trustee is a national banking association, duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the United States and is
duly authorized and licensed under applicable law to conduct its business as
presently conducted.

         (b) The Trustee has all requisite right, power and authority to execute
and deliver this Indenture and to perform all of its duties as Trustee
hereunder.

         (c) The execution and delivery by the Trustee of this Indenture and the
other Basic Documents to which it is a party, and the performance by the Trustee
of its duties hereunder and thereunder, have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate proceedings and no further approvals or filings, including
any governmental approvals, are required for the valid execution and delivery by
the Trustee, or the performance by the Trustee, of this Indenture and such other
Basic Documents.

         (d) The Trustee has duly executed and delivered this Indenture and each
other Basic Document to which it is a party, and each of this Indenture and each
such other Basic Document constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of
the Trustee, enforceable against the Trustee in accordance with its terms,
except as (i) such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization and similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of
creditors' rights generally and (ii) the availability of equitable remedies may
be limited by equitable principles of general applicability.

         SECTION 6.20 WAIVER OF SETOFFS. The Trustee hereby expressly waives any
and all rights of setoff that the Trustee may otherwise at any time have under
applicable law with respect to any Pledged Account or Deposit Account and agrees
that amounts in the Pledged Accounts or Deposit Account shall at all times be
held and applied solely in accordance with the provisions hereof and the other
Basic Documents.

         SECTION 6.21 CONTROL BY THE CONTROLLING NOTE PURCHASER AND THE MAJORITY
NOTEHOLDERS OF THE HIGHEST PRIORITY CLASS. The Trustee shall comply with notices
and instructions given by the Issuer only if accompanied by the written consent
of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class, except that if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, the Trustee shall act upon and comply with notices and instructions
given by the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the
Highest Priority Class alone in the place and stead of the Issuer.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee shall comply with notices and
instructions given by the Issuer solely with respect to the Pledged Subordinate
Securities or the UBS Cross Collateral, subject to the UBS Intercreditor
Agreement, only if accompanied by the written consent of the Class B Note
Purchasers and the Class B Majority Noteholders.

                                      -42-
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VII

                                   [RESERVED]

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                COLLECTION OF MONEY AND RELEASES OF TRUST ESTATE

         SECTION 8.1 COLLECTION OF MONEY. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, the Trustee may demand payment or delivery of, and shall receive and
collect, directly and without intervention or assistance of any fiscal agent or
other intermediary, all money and other property payable to or receivable by the
Trustee pursuant to this Indenture and the other Basic Documents. The Trustee
shall apply all such money received by it as provided in this Indenture, the
Sale and Servicing Agreement and the other Basic Documents. Except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Indenture or in the other Basic Documents, if any
default occurs in the making of any payment or performance under any agreement
or instrument that is part of the Trust Estate, the Trustee may take such action
as may be appropriate to enforce such payment or performance, including the
institution and prosecution of appropriate proceedings. Any such action shall be
without prejudice to any right to claim a Default or Event of Default under this
Indenture and any right to proceed thereafter as provided in Article V.

         SECTION 8.2 RELEASE OF TRUST ESTATE. Subject to the payment of its fees
and expenses pursuant to Section 6.7, the Trustee may, and when required by the
provisions of this Indenture shall, execute instruments to release property from
the lien of this Indenture, in a manner and under circumstances that are not
inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture and the other Basic
Documents. No party relying upon an instrument executed by the Trustee as
provided in this Article VIII shall be bound to ascertain the Trustee's
authority, inquire into the satisfaction of any conditions precedent or see to
the application of any moneys.

         (a) The Trustee shall, at such time as there are no Notes Outstanding,
all amounts due and owing to the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders under any
of the Basic Documents have been paid in full, all sums due the Trustee pursuant
to Section 6.7 have been paid and the respective terms of the Commitments shall
have expired, release any remaining portion of the Trust Estate that secured the
Notes and the other obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser and the Seller to
the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents from the
lien of this Indenture and release to the Deposit Account any funds then on
deposit in the Pledged Accounts. The Trustee shall release property from the
lien of this Indenture pursuant to this Section 8.2(b) only upon receipt of an
Issuer Request accompanied by an Officer's Certificate, a copy of each of which
shall also be delivered to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder.

         (b) OPINION OF COUNSEL. The Trustee and each Note Purchaser shall
receive at least seven days' notice when requested by the Issuer to take any
action pursuant to Section 8.2(a), accompanied by copies of any instruments
involved, and the Trustee shall also require as a condition to such action, an
Opinion of Counsel in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, stating
the legal effect of any such action, outlining the steps required to complete
the same, and concluding that all conditions precedent to the taking of such
action have been complied with and such action will not materially and adversely
affect the security for the Notes or the rights of any Note Purchaser and/or any
Noteholder in contravention of the provisions of this Indenture or any of the
other Basic Documents; provided, however, that such Opinion of Counsel shall not
be required to express an opinion as to the fair value of the Trust Estate.
Counsel rendering any such opinion may rely, without independent investigation,
on the accuracy and validity of any certificate or other instrument delivered to
the Trustee in connection with any such action.

                                      -43-
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IX

                             Supplemental Indentures

         SECTION 9.1 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES WITH CONSENT OF THE CONTROLLING
NOTE PURCHASER AND THE MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS OF THE HIGHEST PRIORITY CLASS.

         (a) With the prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser
and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, the Issuer and the
Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order, at any time and from time to time,
may enter into one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in form satisfactory
to the Trustee, for any of the following purposes:

                  (i) to correct or amplify the description of any property at
         any time subject to the lien of this Indenture (other than the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities), or better to assure, convey and confirm unto
         the Trustee any property subject or required to be subjected to the
         lien of this Indenture (other than the Pledged Subordinate Securities),
         or to subject to the lien of this Indenture additional property;

                  (ii) to evidence the succession, in compliance with the
         applicable provisions hereof, of another person to the Issuer, and the
         assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Issuer herein
         and in the Notes contained;

                  (iii) to add to the covenants of the Issuer, for the benefit
         of any class of Noteholders and any Note Purchaser, or to surrender any
         right or power herein conferred upon the Issuer;

                  (iv) to convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge any
         property to or with the Trustee;

                  (v) to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any
         provision herein or in any supplemental indenture which may be
         inconsistent with any other provision herein or in any supplemental
         indenture or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or
         questions arising under this Indenture or in any supplemental
         indenture; provided that such action shall not adversely affect the
         interests of any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder; or

                  (vi) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of the
         appointment hereunder by a successor trustee with respect to the Notes
         and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as
         shall be necessary to facilitate the administration of the trusts
         hereunder by more than one trustee, pursuant to the requirements of
         Article VI.

The Trustee is hereby authorized to join in the execution of any such
supplemental indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and
stipulations that may be therein contained.

         (b) With the prior written consent of the Class B Note Purchasers and
the Class B Majority Noteholders, the Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by
an Issuer Order, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more
indentures supplemental hereto, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, to correct
or amplify the description of the Pledged Subordinate Securities, or better to
assure, convey and confirm unto the Trustee the Pledged Subordinate Securities.
The Trustee is hereby authorized to join in the execution of any such
supplemental indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and
stipulations that may be therein contained.

         (c) With the prior written consent of the UBS Indenture Trustee, the
Class B note purchasers and the Class B majority noteholders under the UBS Basic
Documents and subject to the prior Lien Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of
this Indenture and to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement,
the Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order, at any time and
from time to time, may enter into one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in

                                      -44-
<PAGE>

form satisfactory to the Trustee, to correct or amplify the description of the
Bear Cross Collateral, or better to assure, convey and confirm unto the Trustee
the Bear Cross Collateral. The Trustee is hereby authorized to join in the
execution of any such supplemental indenture and to make any further appropriate
agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained.

         (d) The Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order,
may, also with the consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority
Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, enter into an indenture or indentures
supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in
any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, this Indenture or of
modifying in any manner the rights of any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder under
this Indenture; provided, however, that such action shall not, as evidenced by
an Opinion of Counsel, adversely affect in any material respect the interests of
such Note Purchaser or such Noteholder.

         SECTION 9.2 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES WITH CONSENT OF NOTE PURCHASERS AND
NOTEHOLDERS.

         (a) The Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order,
also may, with the prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser and
the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class, enter into an indenture
or indentures supplemental hereto for any purpose; provided, however, that such
action shall not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel, adversely affect in any
material respect the interests of any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder;
provided, further however, that, no such supplemental indenture shall, without
the prior written consent of the affected Note Purchaser and all of the
Noteholders of a class of Notes affected thereby:

                  (i) change the date of payment of any installment of principal
         of or interest on a class of Notes or any other amount owed by the
         Issuer under the Basic Documents, or reduce the Percentage Interest
         thereof, the interest rate thereon, change the provisions of this
         Indenture relating to the application of collections on, or the
         proceeds of the sale of, the Collateral to payment of principal of or
         interest on any class of Notes or any other amount owed by the Issuer
         under the Basic Documents, or change any place of payment where, or the
         coin or currency in which, any class of Notes or the interest thereon
         or any other amount owed by the Issuer under the Basic Documents is
         payable;

                  (ii) impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of
         the provisions of this Indenture requiring the application of funds
         available therefor, as provided in ARTICLE V, to the payment of any
         such amount due on any class of Notes or any other amount owed by the
         Issuer under the Basic Documents on or after the respective due dates
         thereof;

                  (iii) reduce the Percentage Interest, the consent of the
         Holders of which is required for any such supplemental indenture, or
         eliminate the requirement that the applicable Note Purchaser consent
         thereto, or the consent of the Holders of which or the applicable Note
         Purchaser is required for any waiver of compliance with certain
         provisions of this Indenture or certain defaults hereunder and their
         consequences provided for in this Indenture;

                  (iv) modify or alter the provisions of the proviso to the
         definition of the term "OUTSTANDING";

                  (v) reduce the Percentage Interest required to direct the
         Trustee to direct the Issuer to sell or liquidate the Collateral or
         eliminate the requirement that the Controlling Note Purchaser and the
         Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class so direct pursuant
         to Section 5.4(a);

                  (vi) modify any provision of this Section except to provide
         that certain additional provisions of this Indenture or the other Basic
         Documents cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the
         Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
         Priority Class;

                  (vii) modify any of the provisions of this Indenture in such
         manner as to affect the calculation of the amount or timing of any
         payment of (x) interest or principal due on any class of Notes on any
         Settlement Date (including the calculation of any of the individual
         components of such calculation) or (y) any amount due to any Note
         Purchaser or any Noteholder under the Basic Documents, or affect the

                                      -45-
<PAGE>

         rights of any Note Purchaser or any Noteholder under the Basic
         Documents or to affect the rights of any Noteholder to the benefit of
         any provisions for the mandatory redemption of any class of Notes
         contained herein; or

                  (viii) permit the creation of any Lien ranking prior to or on
         a parity with the Lien of this Indenture with respect to any part of
         the Collateral or, except as otherwise permitted or contemplated herein
         or in any of the Basic Documents, terminate the Lien of this Indenture
         on any property at any time subject hereto or deprive the Noteholders
         or a Note Purchaser of the security provided by the Lien of this
         Indenture.

         (b) The Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order,
also may, with the prior written consent of the Class B Note Purchasers and the
Class B Majority Noteholders, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental
hereto for any purpose that affects solely the rights of any Class B Note
Purchaser or any Class B Noteholder; provided, however, that such action shall
not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel, adversely affect in any respect the
interests of any Class A Note Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder; provided,
further however, that, no such supplemental indenture shall, without the prior
written consent of all of the Class B Noteholders:

                  (i) change the provisions of this Indenture relating to the
         application of collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, the
         Pledged Subordinate Securities or the UBS Cross Collateral to payment
         of principal of or interest on the Class B Notes;

                  (ii) reduce the Percentage Interest required to direct the
         Trustee to direct the Issuer to sell or liquidate the Pledged
         Subordinate Securities or eliminate the requirement that the Class B
         Note Purchasers and the Class B Majority Noteholders so direct pursuant
         to Section 5.4(b); or

                  (iii) permit the creation of any Lien ranking prior to or on a
         parity with the Lien created pursuant to Granting Clause II of this
         Indenture or, except as otherwise permitted or contemplated herein or
         in any of the Basic Documents, terminate the Lien created pursuant to
         Granting Clause II of this Indenture at any time subject hereto or
         deprive the Class B Noteholders or the Class B Note Purchasers of the
         security provided by the Lien created pursuant to Granting Clause II of
         this Indenture.

         (c) The Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order,
also may, with the prior written consent of the UBS Indenture Trustee and the
Class B note purchasers and the Class B majority noteholders under the UBS Basic
Documents, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for any
purpose that affects solely the rights of any Class B note purchaser or any
Class B noteholder under the UBS Basic Documents; provided, however, that such
action shall not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel, adversely affect in any
respect the interests of any Class A Note Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder;
provided, further however, that, no such supplemental indenture shall, without
the prior written consent of all of the Class B noteholders and Class B note
purchasers under the UBS Basic Documents:

                  (i) change the provisions of this Indenture relating to the
         application of collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, the Bear
         Cross Collateral to payment of principal of or interest on the Class B
         Notes;

                  (ii) reduce the Percentage Interest required to direct the UBS
         Indenture Trustee to direct the Issuer to sell or liquidate the Bear
         Cross Collateral or eliminate the requirement that the Class B note
         purchasers and the Class B majority noteholders under the UBS Basic
         Documents so direct pursuant to Section 5.4(c); or

         (d) subject to the Intercreditor Agreements, permit the creation of any
Lien ranking prior to or on a parity with the Lien created pursuant to Granting
Clause III of this Indenture (other than the Lien granted pursuant to Granting
Clause I of this Indenture) or, except as otherwise permitted or contemplated
herein or in any of the Basic Documents, terminate the Lien created pursuant to
Granting Clause III of this Indenture at any time subject hereto or deprive the
UBS Indenture Trustee or the Class B noteholders or the Class B note purchasers

                                      -46-
<PAGE>

under the UBS Basic Documents, as applicable, of the security provided by the
Lien created pursuant to Granting Clause III of this Indenture, subject to the
prior Lien Granted pursuant to Granting Clause I of this Indenture and the terms
and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement.

         (e) It shall not be necessary for any Act of the Noteholders of an
affected class under this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed
supplemental indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the
substance thereof. It shall be necessary for any Act of any affected Note
Purchaser under this Section to approve the substance and particular form of any
proposed supplemental indenture.

         (f) Promptly after the execution by the Issuer and the Trustee of any
supplemental indenture pursuant to this Section, the Trustee shall mail to each
Note Purchasers and each Noteholder a copy of such supplemental indenture. Any
failure of the Trustee to mail such copy shall not, however, in any way impair
or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture.

         SECTION 9.3 EXECUTION OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES. In executing, or
permitting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture
permitted by this Article IX or the modifications thereby of the trusts created
by this Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and subject to
Sections 6.1 and 6.2, shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of
Counsel stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized
or permitted by this Indenture. The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to,
enter into any such supplemental indenture that affects the Trustee's own
rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

         SECTION 9.4 EFFECT OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE. Upon the execution of any
supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions hereof, this Indenture shall
be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith, and the
respective rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties, liabilities and
immunities under this Indenture of the Trustee, the Issuer, the Note Purchasers
and the Noteholders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced
hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments, and all
the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be
deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all
purposes.

                                    ARTICLE X

                        REPAYMENT AND PREPAYMENT OF NOTES

         SECTION 10.1 REPAYMENT OF THE NOTES; OPTIONAL PREPAYMENT OF THE NOTES.
The outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes and all accrued and unpaid
interest thereon shall be payable in full on the Class A Facility Termination
Date and otherwise as provided in Section 3.1, the form of Class A Note attached
as EXHIBIT A-1, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the other Basic Documents.
Subject to the prior payment in full of the Class A Notes and any outstanding
amounts due and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders
under the Basic Documents, the outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes
and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon shall be payable in full on the
Class B Facility Termination Date and otherwise as provided in Section 3.1, the
form of Class B Note attached as EXHIBIT A-2, the Sale and Servicing Agreement
and the other Basic Documents. The Issuer may, at its option, prepay the
applicable Invested Amount of any class of Notes, in whole or in part, at any
time on any Business Day (such day the "PREPAYMENT DATE") in accordance with
this SECTION 10.1 and SECTION 10.2; PROVIDED that no such prepayment may occur
in connection with the closing of a Securitization Transaction unless all
proceeds from such Securitization Transaction, net of any placement and/or
underwriting fees, any premiums due to the related financial guaranty insurers
and any required account deposits, are deposited into the Collection Account on
the related Securitization Closing Date and the Pledged Subordinate Securities,
if any, are delivered to the Trustee pursuant to Section 3.3(c) of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement on the related Securitization Closing Date; PROVIDED
FURTHER, that no such prepayment may occur (i) unless and until all amounts due
and payable in respect of clauses (i) through (v) of Section 5.7(a) of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement have been paid in full irrespective of whether Available

                                      -47-
<PAGE>

Funds are sufficient for this purpose or (ii) if, after giving effect to such
prepayment and the release of any related Collateral, a Class A Borrowing Base
Deficiency shall exist. Simultaneous with any such prepayment, the Issuer shall
pay all accrued and unpaid interest on the applicable Invested Amount to be
prepaid and all other amounts then due and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser
and the Class A Noteholders under the Basic Documents. Upon the deposit of any
prepayment and all such other amounts then due and owing to the Class A Note
Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders under the Basic Documents into the
Collection Account, the Trustee shall release the Collateral (including any Bear
Cross Collateral and, in the case of a prepayment of the Class B Notes, if no
Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency would exist after giving effect to such
prepayment, the related Pledged Subordinate Securities, if any) that is the
subject of such prepayment from the lien of this Indenture. In connection with
such prepayment, the Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon the
direction of the Issuer to the Trustee (a form of which is attached hereto as
EXHIBIT E) to release such Collateral and Bear Cross Collateral (or Pledged
Subordinate Securities, in the case of a prepayment of the Class B Notes) as may
be identified by the Issuer in writing and consented to in writing by the
Controlling Note Purchaser (in the case of any Collateral and Bear Cross
Collateral to be released) or the Class B Note Purchaser (in the case of any
Pledged Subordinate Securities to be released) as being the subject of such
prepayment upon the conditions specified in such writing, which consent shall
not unreasonably be withheld. All prepayments in part shall be in principal
amounts of at least $100,000. The Issuer shall cause any proceeds (including,
without limitation, capitalized interest amounts) that would otherwise be due
and payable to the Issuer upon a subsequent transfer of the related Receivables
after a Securitization Closing Date (any such proceeds, the "Pre-Funding
Proceeds") to be deposited into the Collection Account for distribution as Class
B Available Funds pursuant to Section 5.8(b) of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

         SECTION 10.2 NOTICE OF PREPAYMENT. Notice of the prepayment of any
class of Notes shall be given, upon the direction of the Issuer, by the Trustee
by facsimile transmission, courier or first class mail, postage prepaid, mailed,
faxed or couriered not less than five (5) days prior to the related Prepayment
Date, to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder. All notices of prepayment
shall state (i) the Prepayment Date, (ii) the applicable Invested Amount(s) to
be prepaid, (iii) the estimated accrued and unpaid interest on the applicable
Invested Amount(s) to be prepaid and (iv) any other amounts due and owing to any
Note Purchaser under the Basic Documents. Failure to give notice of prepayment,
or any defect therein, to a Noteholder or a Note Purchaser shall not impair or
affect the validity of such prepayment.

         SECTION 10.3 GENERAL PROCEDURES.

         (a) The applicable Invested Amount of a class of Notes and amounts due
to the related Note Purchasers under the Basic Documents shall not be considered
reduced by any allocation, setting aside or distribution of any portion of the
Available Funds unless such Available Funds shall have been actually paid to the
Noteholders of such class or to the related Note Purchasers, as applicable. The
applicable Invested Amount of a class of Notes and amounts due to the related
Note Purchasers by the Issuer under the Basic Documents shall not be considered
repaid by any distribution of any portion of the Available Funds if at any time
such distribution is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for any reason, in
which event, if such amount has been returned by the Noteholders of such class
or the related Note Purchasers, as applicable, such principal, interest and/or
other amount shall be reinstated in an amount equal to the amount returned by
the Noteholders of such class or the related Note Purchasers, as applicable. No
provision of this Indenture shall require the payment or permit the collection
of interest in excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law.

         (b) The applicable Class B Invested Amount and amounts due to the Class
B Note Purchasers by the Issuer under the Basic Documents shall not be
considered reduced by any allocation, setting aside or distribution of any
portion of the Class B Available Funds unless such Class B Available Funds shall
have been actually paid to the Class B Noteholders or to the Class B Note
Purchasers, as applicable. The applicable Class B Invested Amount and amounts
due to the Class B Note Purchasers by the Issuer under the Basic Documents shall
not be considered repaid by any distribution of any portion of the Class B
Available Funds if at any time such distribution is rescinded or must otherwise
be returned for any reason, in which event, if such amount has been returned by
the Class B Noteholders or the Class B Note Purchasers, as applicable, such
principal, interest and/or other amount shall be reinstated in an amount equal
to the amount returned by the Class B Noteholders or the Class B Note
Purchasers, as applicable. No provision of this Indenture shall require the
payment or permit the collection of interest in excess of the maximum permitted
by applicable law.

                                      -48-
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         SECTION 11.1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATES AND OPINIONS, ETC. Except as set
forth herein, upon any application or request by the Issuer to the Trustee to
take any action under any provision of this Indenture (other than any request
hereunder by the Issuer for an Advance), the Issuer shall furnish to the
Trustee, with a copy of each to each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder, (i) an
Officer's Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided
for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with,
and (ii) an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all
such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with, except that, in the
case of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of such
documents is specifically required by any provision of this Indenture, no
additional certificate or opinion need be furnished.

         Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a
condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include:

                  (i) a statement that each signatory of such certificate or
         opinion has read or has caused to be read such covenant or condition
         and the definitions herein relating thereto;

                  (ii) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the
         examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions
         contained in such certificate or opinion are based;

                  (iii) a statement that, in the opinion of each such signatory,
         such signatory has made such examination or investigation as is
         necessary to enable such signatory to express an informed opinion as to
         whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

                  (iv) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such
         signatory such condition or covenant has been complied with.

         (b) Other than with respect to Dollars, prior to the deposit of any
Collateral, any Pledged Subordinate Securities, any Bear Cross Collateral or any
other property or securities with the Trustee that is to be made the basis for
the release of any property or securities subject to the lien of this Indenture,
the Issuer shall, in addition to any obligation imposed in Section 11.1(a) or
elsewhere in this Indenture, furnish to the Trustee, with a copy thereof to each
Note Purchaser and each Noteholder, an Officer's Certificate certifying or
stating the opinion of each person signing such certificate as to the fair value
(on the date of such deposit) to the Issuer of the Collateral, the Pledged
Subordinate Securities, the Bear Cross Collateral or the other property or
securities to be so deposited.

         (c) Other than with respect to the release of any Purchased Receivables
or Liquidated Receivables or the release, if any, of any Receivables upon a
mandatory or partial prepayment of any class of Notes and other amounts due to
any Note Purchaser from the Issuer under the Basic Documents pursuant to Section
10.1, whenever any property or securities are to be released from the lien of
this Indenture, the Issuer shall also furnish, prior to or contemporaneous with
such release, to the Trustee, with a copy thereof to each Note Purchaser and
each Noteholder, an Officer's Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of
each person signing such certificate as to the fair value (such fair value to be
as of a date within 90 days of such release) of the property or securities
proposed to be released and stating that in the opinion of such person the
proposed release will not impair the security under this Indenture in
contravention of the provisions hereof.

                                      -49-
<PAGE>

         (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.10 or any provision of this Section, the
Issuer may (A) collect, liquidate, sell or otherwise dispose of Receivables as
and to the extent permitted or required by the Basic Documents and (B) make cash
payments out of the Pledged Accounts as and to the extent permitted or required
by the Basic Documents.

         SECTION 11.2 FORM OF DOCUMENTS DELIVERED TO TRUSTEE. In any case where
several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of,
any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by,
or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified
or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an
opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to
other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such
matters in one or several documents.

         (a) Any certificate or opinion of an Authorized Officer of the Issuer
may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or
opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless such officer knows, or in the
exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or
representations with respect to the matters upon which his or her certificate or
opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate of an Authorized Officer or
Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon
a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of
the Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser or the Issuer, stating that the
information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the
Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser or the Issuer, unless such counsel knows, or
in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion
or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous.

         (b) Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more
applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other
instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and
form one instrument.

         (c) Whenever in this Indenture, in connection with any application or
certificate or report to the Trustee, it is provided that the Issuer shall
deliver any document as a condition of the granting of such application, or as
evidence of the Issuer's compliance with any term hereof, it is intended that
the truth and accuracy, at the time of the granting of such application or at
the effective date of such certificate or report (as the case may be), of the
facts and opinions stated in such document shall in such case be conditions
precedent to the right of the Issuer to have such application granted or to the
sufficiency of such certificate or report. The foregoing shall not, however, be
construed to affect the Trustee's right to rely upon the truth and accuracy of
any statement or opinion contained in any such document as provided in Article
VI.

         SECTION 11.3 ACTS OF NOTEHOLDERS OR NOTE PURCHASERS. Any request,
demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action
provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by any Noteholder or any Note
Purchaser may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of
substantially similar tenor signed by such Noteholder or such Note Purchaser in
person or by agents duly appointed in writing; and except as herein otherwise
expressly provided such action shall become effective when such instrument or
instruments are delivered to the Trustee, and, where it is hereby expressly
required, to the Issuer. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied
therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the "ACT" of
such Noteholder or such Note Purchaser signing such instrument or instruments.
Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such
agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to
Section 6.1) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Issuer, if made in the
manner provided in this Section.

         (a) The fact and date of the execution by any person of any such
instrument or writing may be proved in any customary manner of the Trustee.

         (b) The ownership of the Notes of each class shall be proved by the
Note Register.

                                      -50-
<PAGE>

         (c) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent,
waiver or other action by a Holder of a Note shall bind each Holder of such Note
issued upon the registration thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof,
in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or
the Issuer in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made
upon such Note.

         (d) Any waiver, consent or approval given by the Controlling Note
Purchaser under this Indenture or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon
each Class A Noteholder, each Class B Note Purchaser, each Class B Noteholder
and their respective successors and permitted assigns. In addition, any waiver,
consent or approval given by the Majority Noteholders of a class of Notes under
this Indenture or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon each Holder of
the related class of Notes and their respective successors and permitted
assigns.

         SECTION 11.4 NOTICES, ETC., TO TRUSTEE, ISSUER, THE NOTE PURCHASERS AND
NOTEHOLDERS. Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent,
waiver or Act of the any Noteholder or any Note Purchasers or other documents
provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to
or filed with:

                  (i) the Trustee by any Note Purchaser, any Noteholder or by
         the Issuer shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if
         personally delivered, delivered by overnight courier or mailed
         certified mail, return receipt requested and shall be deemed to have
         been duly given upon receipt of the Trustee at its Corporate Trust
         Office;

                  (ii) the Issuer by the Trustee or by any Note Purchaser or any
         Noteholder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if
         personally delivered, delivered by overnight courier or mailed
         certified mail, return receipt requested and shall deemed to have been
         duly given upon receipt by the Issuer at the Corporate Trust Office of
         the Owner Trustee, with a copy to Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc.
         16355 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine, California 92618 Attention: Mark
         Creatura, Esq. Confirmation: (888) 785-6691, Telecopy No. (949)
         753-6897 or at such other address previously furnished in writing to
         the Trustee by the Issuer. The Issuer shall promptly transmit any
         notice received by it from any Noteholders or any Note Purchaser to the
         Trustee; or

                  (iii) any notice to a Note Purchaser shall be sufficient for
         any purpose hereunder if in writing and delivered by overnight courier
         or mailed certified mail, return receipt requested, or personally
         delivered or telexed or telecopied to the recipient as follows (or such
         other address previously furnished in writing to the Trustee):

                  If to the Class A Note Purchaser, to:

                  Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.
                  383 Madison Ave., 10th Floor
                  Attention:  Brant Brooks
                  New York, New York  10179

                  Telephone: 212-272-6601
                  Telecopy:  917-849-1126

                  w/ a copy to:

                  Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.
                  383 Madison Ave.
                  Attention:  Michael Solender
                  New York, New York  10179

                  Telephone: 212-272-7850
                  Telecopy:  917-849-1072
                  Telecopy:  212-272-2053

                                      -51-
<PAGE>

                  If to the Class B Note Purchasers, to:

                  The Patriot Group, LLC
                  One Thorndal Circle, 3rd Floor
                  Darien, CT  06820
                  Attention:  Bruce Katz

                  Telephone: (203) 656-4395
                  Telecopy:  (203) 656-4483

                  and

                  Waterfall Eden Fund, LP
                  1185 Avenue of the Americas
                  18th Floor
                  New York, NY  10036
                  Attention:  Jack Ross

                  Telephone: (212) 843-8905
                  Telecopy:  (212) 843-8909

                  (iv) any notice to a Noteholder shall be sufficient for any
         purpose hereunder if in writing and delivered by overnight courier or
         mailed certified mail, return receipt requested, or personally
         delivered or telexed or telecopied to the recipient's contact
         information reflected in the Note Register.

                  (v) Any Note Purchaser may deliver to the Noteholders any
         notices, reports, Servicer's Certificates or any other documentation
         delivered to such Note Purchaser hereunder or under any Basic Document,
         but is under no obligation to so deliver such documentation and shall
         not be liable for the content thereof.

         SECTION 11.5 WAIVER. Where this Indenture provides for notice in any
manner, such notice may be waived in writing by any Person entitled to receive
such notice with respect to itself only, either before or after the event, and
such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by any
Note Purchaser or any Noteholder shall be filed with the Trustee but such filing
shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in
reliance upon such a waiver. In case, by reason of the suspension of regular
mail service as a result of a strike, work stoppage or similar activity, it
shall be impractical to mail notice of any event to any Note Purchaser or any
Noteholder when such notice is required to be given pursuant to any provision of
this Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be satisfactory
to the Trustee shall be deemed to be a sufficient giving of such notice.

         SECTION 11.6 ALTERNATE PAYMENT AND NOTICE PROVISIONS. Notwithstanding
any provision of this Indenture or any class of Notes to the contrary, the
Issuer may enter into any agreement with the Holder of any class of Notes or any
Note Purchaser providing for a method of payment, or notice by the Trustee or
the Note Paying Agent to such Holder or such Note Purchaser, that is different
from the methods provided for in this Indenture for such payments or notices,
provided that such methods are reasonable and consented to by the Trustee (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). The Issuer will furnish to the
Trustee a copy of each such agreement and the Trustee will cause payments to be
made and notices to be given in accordance with such agreements.

         SECTION 11.7 EFFECT OF HEADINGS AND TABLE OF CONTENTS. The Article and
Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and
shall not affect the construction hereof.

                                      -52-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 11.8 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. All covenants and agreements in
this Indenture and the Notes by the Issuer shall bind its successors and
assigns, whether so expressed or not. All agreements of the Trustee in this
Indenture shall bind its successors.

         SECTION 11.9 BENEFITS OF INDENTURE; THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES.

         (a) Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, express or implied,
shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors
hereunder, each Note Purchaser (each of which shall be a third-party beneficiary
of this Indenture) and its successors and assigns, and the Noteholders, and any
other party secured hereunder, and any other Person with an ownership interest
in any part of the Trust Estate, any benefit or any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under this Indenture.

         (b) Each of the UBS Indenture Trustee, each Class B note purchaser and
each Class B noteholder under the UBS Basic Documents shall be deemed to be a
third-party beneficiary with respect to this Indenture to the same extent as if
it was a party hereto, subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor
Agreements.

         SECTION 11.10 SEVERABILITY. In case any provision in this Indenture or
in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality,
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected
or impaired thereby.

         SECTION 11.11 LEGAL HOLIDAYS. In any case where the date on which any
payment is due shall not be a Business Day, then (notwithstanding any other
provision of the Notes, this Indenture or any other Basic Document) payment need
not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day
with the same force and effect as if made on the date on which nominally due,
and no interest shall accrue for the period from and after any such nominal
date.

         SECTION 11.12 GOVERNING LAW. THIS INDENTURE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS
CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS
LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE
DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

         SECTION 11.13 COUNTERPARTS. This Indenture may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an
original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the
same instrument. Any signature page to this Indenture containing a manual
signature may be delivered by facsimile transmission or other electronic
communication device capable of transmitting or creating a printable written
record, and when so delivered shall have the effect of delivery of an original
manually signed signature page.

         SECTION 11.14 RECORDING OF INDENTURE. If this Indenture is subject to
recording in any appropriate public recording offices, such recording is to be
effected by the Issuer and at its expense accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel
(which may be counsel to the Trustee or any other counsel reasonably acceptable
to the Trustee) to the effect that such recording is necessary either for the

                                      -53-
<PAGE>

protection of the Noteholders, the Note Purchasers or any other Person secured
hereunder or for the enforcement of any right or remedy granted to the Trustee
under this Indenture.

         SECTION 11.15 ISSUER OBLIGATION. The obligations of the Issuer under
this Indenture and the other Basic Documents shall be full recourse obligations
of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no recourse may be taken, directly
or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee on
the Notes, under this Indenture, any other Basic Document or any certificate or
other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (i) the
Trustee in its individual capacity (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in
the Issuer or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director,
employee or agent of the Issuer or the Trustee in its individual capacity, any
holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or the Trustee or of any successor
or assign of the Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person
may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee has no such
obligations in its individual capacity) and except that any such partner, owner
or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law,
for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure
to pay any installment or call owing to such entity. Nothing contained in this
Section shall limit or be deemed to limit any obligations of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer hereunder or under any other Basic
Document, as applicable, which obligations are full recourse obligations of the
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer.

         SECTION 11.16 NO PETITION. The Trustee, by entering into this
Indenture, hereby covenants and agrees that it will not at any time institute
against the Issuer, or join in any institution against the Issuer of, any
bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings,
or other proceedings under any United States Federal or state bankruptcy or
similar law in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, this
Indenture or any of the Basic Documents.

         SECTION 11.17 INSPECTION. The Issuer agrees that, on reasonable prior
notice, it will permit any representative of any Note Purchaser, any Noteholder
or the Trustee, during the Issuer's normal business hours, to examine all the
books of account, records, reports, and other papers of the Issuer, to make
copies and extracts therefrom, to cause such books to be audited by independent
certified public accountants, and to discuss the Issuer's affairs, finances and
accounts with the Issuer's officers, employees, and independent certified public
accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as may be reasonably
requested. Each of the Trustee, each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder shall
and shall cause their respective representatives to hold in confidence all such
information except to the extent disclosure may be required by law (and all
reasonable applications for confidential treatment are unavailing) and except to
the extent that the Trustee may reasonably determine that such disclosure is
consistent with its Obligations hereunder.

         SECTION 11.18 MARKET VALUE. In connection with the Class A Note
Purchaser's provision of the Market Value to the Servicer pursuant to Section
3.05(a) of the Class A Note Purchase Agreement, and the Servicer's provision of
such Market Value to the Class B Note Purchasers pursuant to Section 3.05(a) of
the Class B Note Purchase Agreement, the Issuer expressly acknowledges and
agrees that the Class A Note Purchaser is agreeing to permit the Servicer to
furnish the Market Value to the Class B Note Purchaser solely as an
accommodation in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Indenture
and the other Basic Documents. The Class A Note Purchaser makes no
representation or warranty (whether express or implied, oral or written) as to
the accuracy or completeness, or fitness for a particular use, of the Market
Value, and assumes no responsibility whatsoever to the Servicer, the Seller, the
Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Note
Purchasers or the Class B Noteholders in connection with its calculation of
Market Value or any use of such Market Value by the Issuer, the Trustee, any
Class A Noteholder, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B Noteholder, any of
their respective affiliates or any other Person and, consequently, none of the


                                      -54-
<PAGE>

Issuer, the Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Note Purchasers or the
Class B Noteholders is relying upon the Class A Note Purchaser for the Market
Value in such regard. In consideration of the Class A Note Purchaser's providing
the Market Value to the Servicer and permitting the provision of such Market
Value to the Class B Note Purchasers from time to time, for which the Class A
Note Purchaser is not receiving any compensation, each of the Issuer, the
Trustee, each Class B Note Purchaser and each Class B Noteholder hereby
unconditionally and irrevocably releases and discharges the Class A Note
Purchaser and its respective affiliates, directors, officers, agents, employees
and representatives from, and the Issuer hereby agrees to indemnify, hold
harmless and reimburse the Class A Note Purchaser and any such other Person or
Persons with respect to, any and all actions, liabilities, losses, damages or
claims of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorney's fees and expenses and expenses of litigation), as
incurred, that may be imposed on or incurred by or asserted against the Class A
Note Purchaser or any such other Person or Persons in any way relating to or
arising out of (i) the Class A Note Purchaser's calculation of Market Value,
(ii) the Class A Note Purchaser's provision of such Market Value to the
Servicer, (iii) the Servicer's provision of such Market Value to the Class B
Note Purchaser, (iv) the use of such Market Value by any of the Servicer, the
Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trustee, any Class B Note Purchaser, any
Class B Noteholder, any of their respective affiliates or any other Person in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Indenture and the other
Basic Documents or otherwise, or (v) with respect to a any Pledged Subordinate
Securities issued in connection with a Securitization Transaction, the lead
placement agent's calculation of the market value thereof for purposes of the
definition of Class B Borrowing Base. Indemnification under this Section 11.18
shall survive the termination of this Indenture and the other Basic Documents.
These indemnity obligations shall be in addition to any obligations that the
Issuer may otherwise have under applicable law, hereunder or under any other
Basic Document.

         SECTION 11.19 INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT TO CONTROL. The rights,
obligations and remedies of the parties to this Indenture, the Noteholders and
the Note Purchasers hereunder, under the Notes and under the other Basic
Documents are subject in all respects to the terms and provisions of the
Intercreditor Agreement; provided, however that to the extent such rights,
obligations and remedies relate to the UBS Cross Collateral, such rights,
obligations and remedies are subject in all respects to the terms and provisions
of the UBS Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the
terms of this Indenture, the Notes or any other Basic Document, on the one hand,
and the Intercreditor Agreement or the UBS Intercreditor Agreement, as
applicable, on the other hand, the Intercreditor Agreement or the UBS
Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, shall control.

         SECTION 11.20 CONTROLLING NOTE PURCHASER; MAJORITY NOTEHOLDERS OF
HIGHEST PRIORITY CLASS. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Indenture,
the Notes or any other Basic Document to the contrary, in taking or refraining
from taking any action with respect to this Indenture, the Notes or any other
Basic Document, (i) the Class A Note Purchaser, when acting as Controlling Note
Purchaser, will be acting solely for its own benefit, and (ii) any Class A
Noteholder, when acting as one of the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class, shall be acting solely for its own benefit, and in each case not
as agent, fiduciary or in any other capacity on behalf of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B
Noteholder or any other Person. The interests of the Class A Note Purchaser and
the Class A Noteholders may be adverse to the interests of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B
Noteholders (or any of them), and the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A
Noteholders are not obligated to consider the interests of the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B
Noteholder or any other Person in taking or refraining from taking any action
under this Indenture, the Class A Notes or any other Basic Document (including
without limitation making any determination of Market Value, making any
determination of market value of Pledged Subordinate Securities, determining
whether or not to extend the Servicer's term, declaring an Event of Default,
declaring a Class A Funding Termination Event, declaring a Servicer Termination
Event, agreeing to any amendments to or waivers under any Basic Document,
accelerating the Class A Notes or exercising any other rights or remedies under

                                      -55-
<PAGE>

any Basic Document). Accordingly, any action taken or omitted by the Class A
Note Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder under this Indenture, the Class A Notes
or any other Basic Document may not be in the interests of, and may be directly
adverse to the interests of, the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the
Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders (or any of
them). In addition, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Indenture,
the Class A Notes or the other Basic Documents, the Class A Note Purchaser or
any Class A Noteholder may waive or modify the terms of this Indenture, the
Class A Notes or any other Basic Document from time to time without the consent
of any Class B Note Purchaser or any Class B Noteholder, and shall, if an Event
of Default, a Class A Funding Termination Event or a Servicer Termination Event
shall occur, have the sole and absolute discretion to exercise rights and
remedies under the Basic Documents with respect to the Collateral (but excluding
any Pledged Subordinate Securities and any Class B Available Funds), including
without limitation to terminate the Servicer and/or to cause an acceleration of
the Class A Notes and the liquidation of the Collateral, in each case without
regard to the interests of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer,
any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B Noteholder or any other Person. The
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and
the Class B Noteholders hereby waive any and all conflicts of interest (if any)
that may arise in respect of the exercise of any such rights or remedies by the
Class A Note Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder.

         SECTION 11.21 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, together with the other
Basic Documents, including the exhibits and schedules thereto, contains a final
and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement
among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding
all previous oral statements and other writings with respect thereto.

                                      -56-
<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer and the Trustee have caused this
Indenture to be duly executed by their respective officers, hereunto duly
authorized, all as of the day and year first above written.

                                       PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC, as Issuer

                                       By:___________________________________
                                       Name:_________________________________
                                       Title:________________________________


                                       WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
                                       as Trustee

                                       By:___________________________________
                                       Name:_________________________________
                                       Title:________________________________




                                      -57-
<PAGE>

                                                                     EXHIBIT A-1

                         VARIABLE FUNDING NOTE, CLASS A

REGISTERED                                 Maximum Invested Amount: $200,000,000


No. A-1                                                Percentage Interest:___ %

                       SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN CONDITIONS

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR "BLUE
SKY" LAWS AND MAY BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED ONLY TO (1) THE ISSUER (UPON
REDEMPTION THEREOF OR OTHERWISE) OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER (AS CERTIFIED BY
THE ISSUER) OR (2) A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(a)(51) OF
THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) THAT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" AS
DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE, SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED
IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR
ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY
OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ARE ALSO QUALIFIED PURCHASERS THAT ARE
INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS) (3) SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR
RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN A TRANSACTION MEETING
THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A TO A PERSON THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE,
SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH
PERSON IS A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS DEFINED UNDER SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) THAT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN
RULE 144A), ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS
(WHICH OTHERS ARE ALSO QUALIFIED PURCHASERS THAT ARE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYERS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE, OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE
IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, OR (4) TO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER (AS DEFINED UNDER
SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) IN A TRANSACTION OTHERWISE
EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, APPLICABLE
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, IN
EACH SUCH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE INDENTURE AND ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES
LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION: PROVIDED,
THAT, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (4), THE TRUSTEE OR THE ISSUER MAY REQUIRE AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, WHICH OPINION OF COUNSEL, IF SO REQUIRED,
SHALL BE ADDRESSED TO THE ISSUER AND THE TRUSTEE AND SHALL BE SECURED AT THE
EXPENSE OF THE HOLDER. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE
EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE.

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AND SUBJECT TO INCREASES
AND DECREASES AS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE INDENTURE. ACCORDINGLY, THE
OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE
AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.

THE NOTE REGISTRAR SHALL NOT REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE OF THIS NOTE TO
THE EXTENT THAT UPON SUCH TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE THERE WOULD BE MORE THAN FOUR (4)
CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS REFLECTED ON THE NOTE REGISTER.

THIS NOTE IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF AN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT
DATED AS OF JANUARY 12, 2007 BY AND AMONG THE CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER, THE CLASS

                                     A-1-1
<PAGE>

A NOTEHOLDER, THE CLASS B NOTE PURCHASERS, THE CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS, THE ISSUER,
THE PURCHASER, THE SELLER, THE SERVICER AND THE TRUSTEE, AS THE SAME MAY BE
AMENDED, SUPPLEMENTED OR OTHERWISE MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME.

                             PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC
                         VARIABLE FUNDING NOTE, CLASS A

PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (herein referred to
as the "ISSUER"), for value received, hereby promises to pay to
[________________] (the "NOTEHOLDER"), or its registered assigns, such
Noteholder's pro rata portion (based on the Percentage Interest reflected on the
face of this Note) of the principal sum of TWO HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS
($200,000,000.00) or, if less, such Noteholder's pro rata portion (based on the
Percentage Interest reflected on the face of this Class A Note) of the aggregate
unpaid principal amount outstanding under all of the Class A Notes (whether or
not shown on the schedule attached hereto (or such electronic counterpart
maintained by the Trustee)), which amount shall be payable in the amounts and at
the times set forth in Section 2.8(b) of the Indenture. The Issuer will pay
interest on the Noteholder's pro rata portion of Class A Advances under all of
the Class A Notes at the Class A Note Interest Rate. Such interest on Class A
Advances shall be due and payable on each Settlement Date until the principal of
this Class A Note is paid or made available for payment, to the extent funds
will be available from the Collection Account processed from and including the
preceding Settlement Date to but excluding each such Settlement Date in respect
of (a) an amount equal to the pro rata portion of the Class A Noteholders'
Monthly Interest Distributable Amount for the related Interest Period, plus (b)
an amount equal to a pro rata portion of any accrued and unpaid Class A
Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall with respect to prior Interest
Periods, with interest on the amount of such Class A Noteholders' Interest
Carryover Shortfall at the Class A Note Interest Rate from the first Business
Day of the related Interest Period. Prior to the Class A Facility Termination
Date and unless an Event of Default shall have occurred, the Issuer shall only
be required to make interest payments on the Class A Invested Amount of the
Class A Notes to the holder hereof; provided that the Issuer may, at its option,
prepay the Class A Invested Amount of the Class A Notes, in whole or in part, at
any time pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Indenture. Following the occurrence of
an Event of Default, the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders
of the Highest Priority Class may declare the Class A Invested Amount of the
Class A Notes to be immediately due and payable at par, together with accrued
interest thereon, in accordance with Section 5.2 of the Indenture. Principal of
and interest on this Class A Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the
reverse hereof.

The principal of and interest on this Class A Note are payable in such coin or
currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal
tender for payment of public and private debts. This Class A Note does not
represent an interest in, or an obligation of, the Servicer or any affiliate of
the Servicer other than the Issuer.

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Class A Note set forth on
the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth
on the face of this Class A Note. Although a summary of certain provisions of
the Indenture are set forth below and on the reverse hereof and made a part
hereof, this Class A Note does not purport to summarize the Indenture and
reference is made to the Indenture for information with respect to the
interests, rights, benefits, obligations, proceeds and duties evidenced hereby
and the rights, duties and obligations of the Servicer and the Trustee. A copy
of the Indenture may be requested from the Trustee by writing to the Trustee at:
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, 6th & Marquette, MAC N9311-161,
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479, Attention: Corporate Trust Services, -- Asset
Backed Administration. To the extent not defined herein, the capitalized terms
used herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee
whose name appears below by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to
any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid
or obligatory for any purpose.





                            [Signature page follows.]

                                     A-1-2
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed,
manually or in facsimile, by its Authorized Officer.

Date: [_______], 2007                  PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC

                                       By:___________________________________
                                       Name:_________________________________
                                       Title:________________________________








                     TRUSTEE'S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

         This is the Note issued under the within-mentioned Indenture.

                                    WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not
                                    in its individual capacity, but solely as
                                    Trustee


                                    By:_______________________________________
                                       Authorized Signature






                                     A-1-3
<PAGE>

                           REVERSE OF THE CLASS A NOTE


This Class A Note is the duly authorized Class A Note of the Issuer, designated
as its Variable Funding Note, Class A (herein called the "CLASS A NOTE"), issued
under (i) the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of January 12, 2007 (such
Indenture, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, is herein called the
"INDENTURE"), between the Issuer and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a
national banking association, as trustee (the "TRUSTEE", which term includes any
successor Trustee under the Indenture), to which Indenture and all indentures
supplemental thereto, together with the other Basic Documents, reference is
hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder
of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders. This Class
A Note is subject to all terms and conditions of the Indenture and the other
Basic Documents. All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Indenture,
as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance
with the terms thereof, shall have the meanings assigned to them in or pursuant
to the Indenture, as so amended, supplemented or otherwise modified.

"SETTLEMENT DATE" means, with respect to each Accrual Period, the 15th day of
the following calendar month, or if such day is not a Business Day, the
immediately following Business Day, commencing on December 15, 2005.

As described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Class A Note
shall be due and payable on the Class A Facility Termination Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default or shall have occurred and
be continuing then, in certain circumstances, principal on this Class A Note may
be paid earlier, as described in the Indenture.

Payments of interest on this Class A Note due and payable on each Settlement
Date, together with the installment of principal then due, if any, and any
payments of principal made on any Business Day in respect of any prepayments, to
the extent not in full payment of this Class A Note, shall be paid to the Person
in whose name this Class A Note is registered on the Record Date, either (i) by
wire transfer in immediately available funds to such Person's account as it
appears on the Note Register on such Record Date if (A) such Class A Noteholder
has provided to the Note Registrar appropriate written instructions at least
five Business Days prior to such Settlement Date and such Holder's Class A Note
in the aggregate evidence a Percentage Interest of not less than 1% or (B) such
Class A Noteholder is the Seller, or an Affiliate thereof, or if not, (ii) by
check mailed to such Class A Noteholder at the address of such Class A
Noteholder appearing on the Note Register, except for the final installment of
principal payable with respect to such Class A Note on a Settlement Date or on
the Class A Facility Termination Date, which shall be payable as provided below.
Any reduction in the principal amount of this Class A Note (or any predecessor
Class A Note) effected by any payments made on any date shall be binding upon
all future Holders of this Class A Note and of any Class A Note issued upon the
registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether
or not noted thereon. Final payment of principal (together with any accrued and
unpaid interest) on this Class A Note will be paid to the Holder of this Class A
Note only upon presentation and surrender of this Class A Note at the Corporate
Trust Office for cancellation by the Trustee.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class A
Note Interest Rate (calculated for this purpose using the Class A Default
Applicable Margin) to the extent lawful.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth
therein, the transfer of this Class A Note may be registered on the Note
Register upon surrender of this Class A Note for registration of transfer at the
office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, duly
endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer substantially in
the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder hereof or his attorney duly
authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Class A Notes of authorized
Percentage Interest and in the same aggregate Percentage Interest will be issued
to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged
for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Class A Note, but the
transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other
governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration
of transfer or exchange, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 9.6 of the
Indenture not involving a transfer.

                                     A-1-4
<PAGE>

The obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture, this Class A Note and the
other Basic Documents shall be full recourse obligations of the Issuer.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Class A Noteholder, by its acceptance of a
Class A Note, covenants and agrees that no recourse may be taken, directly or
indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee on the
Class A Notes, under the Indenture, any other Basic Document or any certificate
or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (i) the
Trustee in its individual capacity (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in
the Issuer or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director,
employee or agent of the Issuer or the Trustee in its individual capacity, any
holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or the Trustee or of any successor
or assign of the Trustee in its individual capacity, except in each case as any
such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee has
no such obligations in its individual capacity) and except that any such
partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by
applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital
contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.
Nothing contained in this Section shall limit or be deemed to limit any
obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer hereunder
or under any other Basic Document, as applicable, which obligations are full
recourse obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer.

Each Class A Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Class A Note, covenants and
agrees that by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Class A
Noteholder will not institute against the Issuer, or join in any institution
against the Issuer of, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency
or liquidation proceedings under any United States Federal or state bankruptcy
or similar law in connection with any obligations relating to the Note, the
Indenture or the Basic Documents.

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Class A Note,
the Trustee and any agent of the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name the
Class A Note (as of the applicable Record Date) is registered as the owner
hereof for all purposes, whether or not the Class A Note be overdue, and none of
the Issuer, the Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be
affected by notice to the contrary.

It is the intent of the Issuer and the Class A Noteholders that, for Federal,
State and local income and franchise tax purposes, this Class A Note will
evidence indebtedness of the Issuer secured by the Collateral. Each Class A
Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Class A Note, agrees to treat the Class A
Note for Federal, State and local income and franchise tax purposes as
indebtedness of the Issuer.

The Indenture permits in certain circumstances, with certain exceptions as
therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and
obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of
the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the
Controlling Note Purchaser and/or the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain past defaults
under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class (or the Holders of any predecessor Note) shall be conclusive and binding
upon the Note Purchasers, the current Noteholders and all future Noteholders and
of a Class A Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange
hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon such Class A Note.

Any waiver, consent or approval given by the Controlling Note Purchaser under
the Indenture or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon each Class A
Noteholder, each Class B Note Purchaser, each Class B Noteholder and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. In addition, any waiver, consent or
approval given by the Majority Noteholders of a class of Notes under this
Indenture or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon each Holder of the
related class of Notes and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

In connection with the Class A Note Purchaser's provision of the Market Value to
the Servicer under the Class A Note Purchase Agreement and the Servicer's
provision of such Market Value to the Class B Note Purchaser pursuant to the
Class B Note Purchase Agreement, each Class A Noteholder, by its acceptance of a
Class A Note, expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Class A Note Purchaser
is agreeing to permit the Servicer to furnish the Market Value to the Class B
Note Purchaser solely as an accommodation in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Note and the other Basic Documents. The Class A Note
Purchaser makes no representation or warranty (whether express or implied, oral
or written) as to the accuracy or completeness, or fitness for a particular use,
of the Market Value, and assumes no responsibility whatsoever to any Class A

                                     A-1-5
<PAGE>

Noteholder in connection with its calculation of Market Value or any use of such
Market Value by the Servicer, the Seller, the Issuer, the Purchaser, any Class A
Noteholder, any of their respective affiliates or any other Person and,
consequently, none of the Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer or the
Class A Noteholders is relying upon the Class A Note Purchaser for the Market
Value in such regard.

The rights, obligations and remedies of the Class A Noteholders pursuant to the
Class A Notes and under the other Basic Documents are subject in all respects to
the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any
conflict between the terms of this Class A Note or any other Basic Document and
the Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement shall control.

The term "ISSUER" as used in this Class A Note includes any successor to the
Issuer under the Indenture.

This Class A Note is issuable only in registered form in denominations as
provided in the Indenture, subject to certain limitations set forth therein.

This Class A Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the
law of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict of law
provisions (other than Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law), and the
obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall
be determined in accordance with such law.

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Class A Note or of
the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is
absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Class A
Note at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency herein
prescribed, subject to any duty of the Issuer to deduct or withhold any amounts
as required by law, including any applicable U.S. withholding taxes.

                                     A-1-6
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>     <C>

                                                 INCREASES AND DECREASES


==================================================================================================================
                Unpaid                                                  Note
               Principal                                              Interest   Interest Period   Notation Made
    Date        Amount        Increase      Decrease       Total        Rate     (if applicable)        By
==================================================================================================================

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

==================================================================================================================
</TABLE>

                                                         A-1-7
<PAGE>

                                   ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee

_________________________

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers

unto____________________________________________________________________________
                         (name and address of assignee)

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes
and appoints______________________, attorney, to transfer said Note on the books
kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated:_______________                       ______________________________*
                                                Signature Guaranteed:



______________________
*/ NOTE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the
registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in every
particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever.

                                     A-1-8
<PAGE>

                                                                     EXHIBIT A-2

                         VARIABLE FUNDING NOTE, CLASS B

REGISTERED                               Maximum Invested Amount: $25,000,000(1)


No. A-1                                                Percentage Interest:___ %

                       SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN CONDITIONS

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR "BLUE
SKY" LAWS AND MAY BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED ONLY TO (1) THE ISSUER (UPON
REDEMPTION THEREOF OR OTHERWISE) OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER (AS CERTIFIED BY
THE ISSUER) OR (2) A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(a)(51) OF
THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) THAT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" AS
DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE, SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED
IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR
ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY
OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ARE ALSO QUALIFIED PURCHASERS THAT ARE
INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS) (3) SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR
RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN A TRANSACTION MEETING
THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A TO A PERSON THAT EXECUTES A CERTIFICATE,
SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH
PERSON IS A "QUALIFIED PURCHASER" (AS DEFINED UNDER SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) THAT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN
RULE 144A), ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS
(WHICH OTHERS ARE ALSO QUALIFIED PURCHASERS THAT ARE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYERS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE, OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE
IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, OR (4) TO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER (AS DEFINED UNDER
SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) IN A TRANSACTION OTHERWISE
EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, APPLICABLE
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, IN
EACH SUCH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE INDENTURE AND ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES
LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION: PROVIDED,
THAT, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (4), THE TRUSTEE OR THE ISSUER MAY REQUIRE AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, WHICH OPINION OF COUNSEL, IF SO REQUIRED,
SHALL BE ADDRESSED TO THE ISSUER AND THE TRUSTEE AND SHALL BE SECURED AT THE
EXPENSE OF THE HOLDER. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE
EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE.

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AND SUBJECT TO INCREASES
AND DECREASES AS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE INDENTURE. ACCORDINGLY, THE
OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE
AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.




____________________
(1) Less the outstanding amount of any UBS Secured Obligations.

                                     A-2-1
<PAGE>

THE NOTE REGISTRAR SHALL NOT REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE OF THIS NOTE TO
THE EXTENT THAT UPON SUCH TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE THERE WOULD BE MORE THAN NINETY
(90) CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS REFLECTED ON THE NOTE REGISTER.

THIS NOTE IS SUBORDINATE IN RIGHT OF PAYMENT TO THE ISSUER'S CLASS A NOTES
ISSUED PURSUANT TO THE INDENTURE REFERENCED HEREIN AND TO ALL OTHER AMOUNTS DUE
AND OWING TO THE CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS AND THE CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE BASIC DOCUMENTS AND IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND
PROVISIONS OF AN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JANUARY 12, 2007 BY AND
AMONG THE CLASS A NOTE PURCHASER, THE CLASS A NOTEHOLDER, THE CLASS B NOTE
PURCHASERS, THE CLASS B NOTEHOLDERS, THE ISSUER, THE PURCHASER, THE SELLER, THE
SERVICER AND THE TRUSTEE, AS THE SAME MAY BE AMENDED, SUPPLEMENTED OR OTHERWISE
MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME.

                             PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC
                         VARIABLE FUNDING NOTE, CLASS B

PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (herein referred to
as the "ISSUER"), for value received, hereby promises to pay to
[________________] (the "NOTEHOLDER"), or its registered assigns, such
Noteholder's pro rata portion (based on the Percentage Interest reflected on the
face of this Note) of the principal sum of TWENTY FIVE MILLION DOLLARS
($25,000,000.00), less the outstanding amount of any UBS Secured Obligations,
or, if less, such Noteholder's pro rata portion (based on the Percentage
Interest reflected on the face of this Class B Note) of the aggregate unpaid
principal amount outstanding under all of the Class B Notes (whether or not
shown on the schedule attached hereto (or such electronic counterpart maintained
by the Trustee)), which amount shall be payable in the amounts and at the times
set forth in Section 2.8(b) of the Indenture. Subject to the prior payment of
all amounts then due and owing on the Class A Notes and all other amounts due
and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser under the Basic Documents, the Issuer
will pay interest on the Noteholder's pro rata portion of Class B Advances under
all of the Class B Notes at the Class B Note Interest Rate. Such interest on
Class B Advances shall be due and payable on each Settlement Date until the
principal of this Class B Note is paid or made available for payment, to the
extent funds will be available from the Collection Account processed from and
including the preceding Settlement Date to but excluding each such Settlement
Date in respect of (a) an amount equal to a pro rata portion of the Class B
Noteholders' Monthly Interest Distributable Amount for the related Interest
Period, plus (b) an amount equal to a pro rata portion of any accrued and unpaid
Class B Noteholders' Interest Carryover Shortfall with respect to prior Interest
Periods, with interest on the amount of such Class B Noteholders' Interest
Carryover Shortfall at the Class B Note Interest Rate from the first Business
Day of the related Interest Period. Prior to the Class B Facility Termination
Date and unless an Event of Default shall have occurred, the Issuer shall only
be required to make interest payments on the Class B Invested Amount of the
Class B Notes to the holder hereof; provided that the Issuer may, at its option
and subject to the prior payment of all amounts then due and owing on the Class
A Notes and all other amounts due and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser under
the Basic Documents, prepay the Class B Invested Amount of the Class B Notes, in
whole or in part, at any time pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Indenture.
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Controlling Note Purchaser
and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority Class may declare the Class
B Invested Amount of the Class B Notes to be immediately due and payable at par,
together with accrued interest thereon, in accordance with Section 5.2 of the
Indenture. Principal of and interest on this Class B Note shall be paid in the
manner specified on the reverse hereof.

The principal of and interest on this Class B Note are payable in such coin or
currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal
tender for payment of public and private debts. This Class B Note does not
represent an interest in, or an obligation of, the Servicer or any affiliate of
the Servicer other than the Issuer.

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Class B Note set forth on
the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth
on the face of this Class B Note. Although a summary of certain provisions of
the Indenture are set forth below and on the reverse hereof and made a part
hereof, this Class B Note does not purport to summarize the Indenture and
reference is made to the Indenture for information with respect to the


                                     A-2-2
<PAGE>

interests, rights, benefits, obligations, proceeds and duties evidenced hereby
and the rights, duties and obligations of the Servicer and the Trustee. A copy
of the Indenture may be requested from the Trustee by writing to the Trustee at:
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, 6th & Marquette, MAC N9311-161,
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479, Attention: Corporate Trust Services, -- Asset
Backed Administration. To the extent not defined herein, the capitalized terms
used herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee
whose name appears below by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to
any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid
or obligatory for any purpose.





                            [Signature page follows.]



                                     A-2-3
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed,
manually or in facsimile, by its Authorized Officer.

Date: [_______], 2007                  PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC

                                       By:___________________________________
                                       Name:_________________________________
                                       Title:________________________________








                     TRUSTEE'S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

         This is the Note issued under the within-mentioned Indenture.

                                    WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not
                                    in its individual capacity, but solely as
                                    Trustee


                                    By:____________________________________
                                       Authorized Signature







                                     A-2-4
<PAGE>

                           REVERSE OF THE CLASS B NOTE


This Class B Note is the duly authorized Class B Note of the Issuer, designated
as its Variable Funding Note, Class B (herein called the "CLASS B NOTE"), issued
under (i) the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of January 12, 2007 (such
Indenture, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, is herein called the
"INDENTURE"), between the Issuer and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a
national banking association, as trustee (the "TRUSTEE", which term includes any
successor Trustee under the Indenture), to which Indenture and all indentures
supplemental thereto, together with the other Basic Documents, reference is
hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder
of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders. This Class
B Note is subject to all terms and conditions of the Indenture and the other
Basic Documents. All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Indenture,
as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance
with the terms thereof, shall have the meanings assigned to them in or pursuant
to the Indenture, as so amended, supplemented or otherwise modified.

"SETTLEMENT DATE" means, with respect to each Accrual Period, the 15th day of
the following calendar month, or if such day is not a Business Day, the
immediately following Business Day, commencing on February 15, 2007.

As described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Class B Note
shall be due and payable on the Class B Facility Termination Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default or shall have occurred and
be continuing then, in certain circumstances, principal on this Class B Note may
be paid earlier, as described in the Indenture.

Payments of interest on this Class B Note due and payable on each Settlement
Date, together with the installment of principal then due, if any, and any
payments of principal made on any Business Day in respect of any prepayments, to
the extent not in full payment of this Class B Note, shall be paid to the Person
in whose name this Class B Note is registered on the Record Date, either (i) by
wire transfer in immediately available funds to such Person's account as it
appears on the Note Register on such Record Date if (A) such Class B Noteholder
has provided to the Note Registrar appropriate written instructions at least
five Business Days prior to such Settlement Date and such Holder's Class B Note
in the aggregate evidence a Percentage Interest of not less than 1% or (B) such
Class B Noteholder is the Seller, or an Affiliate thereof, or if not, (ii) by
check mailed to such Class B Noteholder at the address of such Class B
Noteholder appearing on the Note Register, except for the final installment of
principal payable with respect to such Class B Note on a Settlement Date or on
the Class B Facility Termination Date, which shall be payable as provided below.
Any reduction in the principal amount of this Class B Note (or any predecessor
Class B Note) effected by any payments made on any date shall be binding upon
all future Holders of this Class B Note and of any Class B Note issued upon the
registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether
or not noted thereon. Final payment of principal (together with any accrued and
unpaid interest) on this Class B Note will be paid to the Holder of this Class B
Note only upon presentation and surrender of this Class B Note at the Corporate
Trust Office for cancellation by the Trustee.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class B
Note Interest Rate (calculated for this purpose using the Class B Default
Applicable Margin) to the extent lawful.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth
therein, the transfer of this Class B Note may be registered on the Note
Register upon surrender of this Class B Note for registration of transfer at the
office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, duly
endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer substantially in
the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder hereof or his attorney duly
authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Class B Notes of authorized
Percentage Interest and in the same aggregate Percentage Interest will be issued
to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged
for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Class B Note, but the
transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other
governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration
of transfer or exchange, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 9.6 of the
Indenture not involving a transfer.

                                     A-2-5
<PAGE>

No transfer or assignment of a Secured Obligation shall be made that would cause
there to be more than 90 owners and assignees of the Class B Notes at any time.
For purposes of determining the number of owners and assignees of the Class B
Notes, a Person (beneficial owner) owning an interest in a partnership
(including any entity treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes),
grantor trust or S corporation (flow through entity), that owns, directly or
through other flow-through entities, an interest in the Class B Notes, is
treated as an owner or an assignee of the Class B Notes if (i) substantially all
of the value of the beneficial owner's interest in the flow through entity is
attributable to the flow-through entity's interest (direct or indirect) in the
Class B Notes, and (ii) the principal purpose of the use of the tiered
arrangement is to permit the satisfaction of the 90 owner and assignee of Class
B Notes limitation.

The obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture, this Class B Note and the
other Basic Documents shall be full recourse obligations of the Issuer.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Class B Noteholder, by its acceptance of a
Class B Note, covenants and agrees that no recourse may be taken, directly or
indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee on the
Class B Notes, under the Indenture, any other Basic Document or any certificate
or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (i) the
Trustee in its individual capacity (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in
the Issuer or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director,
employee or agent of the Issuer or the Trustee in its individual capacity, any
holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or the Trustee or of any successor
or assign of the Trustee in its individual capacity, except in each case as any
such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee has
no such obligations in its individual capacity) and except that any such
partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by
applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital
contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.
Nothing contained in this Section shall limit or be deemed to limit any
obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer hereunder
or under any other Basic Document, as applicable, which obligations are full
recourse obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer.

Each Class B Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Class B Note, covenants and
agrees that by accepting the benefits of the Indenture that such Class B
Noteholder will not institute against the Issuer, or join in any institution
against the Issuer of, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency
or liquidation proceedings under any United States Federal or state bankruptcy
or similar law in connection with any obligations relating to the Note, the
Indenture or the Basic Documents.

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Class B Note,
the Trustee and any agent of the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name the
Class B Note (as of the applicable Record Date) is registered as the owner
hereof for all purposes, whether or not the Class B Note be overdue, and none of
the Issuer, the Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be
affected by notice to the contrary.

It is the intent of the Issuer and the Class B Noteholders that, for Federal,
State and local income and franchise tax purposes, this Class B Note will
evidence indebtedness of the Issuer secured by the Collateral. Each Class B
Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Class B Note, agrees to treat the Class B
Note for Federal, State and local income and franchise tax purposes as
indebtedness of the Issuer.

The Indenture permits in certain circumstances, with certain exceptions as
therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and
obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of
the Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the
Controlling Note Purchaser and/or the Majority Noteholders of the Highest
Priority Class to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain past defaults
under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the
Controlling Note Purchaser and the Majority Noteholders of the Highest Priority
Class (or the Holders of any predecessor Note) shall be conclusive and binding
upon the Note Purchasers, the current Noteholders and all future Noteholders and
of a Class B Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange
hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon such Class B Note.

Any waiver, consent or approval given by the Controlling Note Purchaser under
the Indenture or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon each Class A
Noteholder, each Class B Note Purchaser, each Class B Noteholder and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. In addition, any waiver, consent or

                                     A-2-6
<PAGE>

approval given by the Majority Noteholders of a class of Notes under this
Indenture or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon each Holder of the
related class of Notes and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

In connection with the Class A Note Purchaser's provision of the Market Value to
the Servicer under the Class A Note Purchase Agreement and the Servicer's
provision of such Market Value to the Class B Note Purchaser pursuant to the
Class B Note Purchase Agreement, each Class B Noteholder, by its acceptance of a
Class B Note, expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Class A Note Purchaser
is agreeing to permit the Servicer to furnish the Market Value to the Class B
Note Purchaser solely as an accommodation in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Note and the other Basic Documents. The Class A Note
Purchaser makes no representation or warranty (whether express or implied, oral
or written) as to the accuracy or completeness, or fitness for a particular use,
of the Market Value, and assumes no responsibility whatsoever to any Class B
Noteholder in connection with its calculation of Market Value or any use of such
Market Value by the Servicer, the Seller, the Issuer, the Purchaser, any Class B
Note Purchaser, any Class B Noteholder, any of their respective affiliates or
any other Person and, consequently, none of the Servicer, the Seller, the
Purchaser, the Issuer, the Class B Note Purchasers or the Class B Noteholders is
relying upon the Class A Note Purchaser for the Market Value in such regard. In
consideration of the Class A Note Purchaser's providing the Market Value to the
Servicer and permitting the provision of such Market Value to the Class B Note
Purchasers, for which the Class A Note Purchaser is not receiving any
compensation, each Class B Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Class B Note,
unconditionally and irrevocably releases and discharges the Class A Note
Purchaser and its respective affiliates, directors, officers, agents, employees
and representatives from, and agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and reimburse
the Class A Note Purchaser and any such other Person or Persons with respect to,
any and all actions, liabilities, losses, damages or claims of any kind or
nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and
expenses), as incurred, that may be imposed on or incurred by or asserted
against the Class A Note Purchaser or any such other Person or Persons in any
way relating to or arising out of (i) the Class A Note Purchaser's calculation
of Market Value, (ii) the Class A Note Purchaser's provision of such Market
Value to the Servicer, (iii) the Servicer's provision of such Market Value to
the Class B Note Purchaser, or (iv) the use of such Market Value by any of the
Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any
Class B Noteholder, any of their respective affiliates or any other Person in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Note and the other Basic
documents or otherwise.

The rights, obligations and remedies of the Class B Noteholders pursuant to the
Class B Notes and under the other Basic Documents are subject in all respects to
the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement (and any such rights,
obligations and remedies relating to the UBS Cross Collateral are subject in all
respects to the UBS Intercreditor Agreement). In the event of any conflict
between the terms of this Class B Note or any other Basic Document and the
Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement (or, in the case of any
such terms relating to the UBS Cross Collateral, the UBS Intercreditor
Agreement) shall control.

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Note or the other Basic Documents to
the contrary, in taking or refraining from taking any action with respect to the
Class A Notes or any other Basic Document, (i) the Class A Note Purchaser, when
acting as Controlling Note Purchaser, will be acting solely for its own benefit,
and (ii) any Class A Noteholder, when acting as one of the Majority Noteholders
of the Highest Priority Class, shall be acting solely for its own benefit, and
in each case not as agent, fiduciary or in any other capacity on behalf of the
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any
Class B Noteholder or any other Person. The interests of the Class A Note
Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders may be adverse to the interests of the
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and
the Class B Noteholders (or any of them), and the Class A Note Purchaser and the
Class A Noteholders are not obligated to consider the interests of the Issuer,
the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B
Noteholder or any other Person in taking or refraining from taking any action
under the Class A Notes or any other Basic Document (including without
limitation making any determination of Market Value, making any determination of
market value of Pledged Subordinate Securities, determining whether or not to
extend the Servicer's term, declaring an Event of Default, declaring a Class A
Funding Termination Event, declaring a Servicer Termination Event, agreeing to
any amendments to or waivers under any Basic Document, accelerating the Class A
Notes or exercising any other rights or remedies under any Basic Document or
applicable law). Accordingly, any action taken or omitted by the Class A Note
Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder under the Class A Notes or any other Basic
Document may not be in the interests of, and may be directly adverse to the
interests of, the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, the Class B
Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders (or any of them). In addition,

                                     A-2-7
<PAGE>

except as otherwise expressly provided in the Basic Documents, the Class A Note
Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder may waive or modify the terms of any Basic
Document from time to time without the consent of any Class B Note Purchaser or
any Class B Noteholder, and shall, if an Event of Default, a Class A Funding
Termination Event or a Servicer Termination Event shall occur, have the sole and
absolute discretion to exercise rights and remedies under the Basic Documents
with respect to the Collateral (but excluding any Pledged Subordinate Securities
and any Class B Available Funds), including without limitation to terminate the
Servicer and/or to cause an acceleration of the Class A Notes and the
liquidation of the Collateral, in each case without regard to the interests of
the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, any Class B Note Purchaser,
any Class B Noteholder or any other Person. The Issuer, the Purchaser, the
Seller, the Servicer, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders
hereby waive any and all conflicts of interest (if any) that may arise in
respect of the exercise of any such rights or remedies by the Class A Note
Purchaser or any Class A Noteholder.

The term "ISSUER" as used in this Class B Note includes any successor to the
Issuer under the Indenture.

This Class B Note is issuable only in registered form in denominations as
provided in the Indenture, subject to certain limitations set forth therein.

This Class B Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the
law of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict of law
provisions (other than Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law), and the
obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall
be determined in accordance with such law.

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Class B Note or of
the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is
absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Class B
Note at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency herein
prescribed, subject to any duty of the Issuer to deduct or withhold any amounts
as required by law, including any applicable U.S. withholding taxes.

                                     A-2-8
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>     <C>

                                                 INCREASES AND DECREASES


==================================================================================================================
                Unpaid                                                   Note
               Principal                                              Interest   Interest Period   Notation Made
    Date        Amount         Increase      Decrease       Total       Rate     (if applicable)        By
==================================================================================================================

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

==================================================================================================================
</TABLE>

                                                         A-2-9
<PAGE>

                                   ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee

_________________________

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers

unto____________________________________________________________________________
                         (name and address of assignee)

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes
and appoints______________________, attorney, to transfer said Note on the books
kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated:____________________                  ____________________________*
                                               Signature Guaranteed:








_______________________
*/ NOTE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the
registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in every
particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever.


                                     A-2-10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cps_ex1012.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED NOTE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.12


================================================================================

                  AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                        (VARIABLE FUNDING NOTE, CLASS A),


                          dated as of January 12, 2007,


                                      among


                             PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC
                            as Issuer and Purchaser,


                       CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC.,
                             as Servicer and Seller,


                                       and

                            BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC.,
           as Class A Note Purchaser and as initial Class A Noteholder

================================================================================
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>     <C>
                                            TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                                      Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS ...................................................................................2

         SECTION 1.01      Definitions..................................................................2

ARTICLE II PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE NOTE...............................................................2

         SECTION 2.01      The Initial Note Purchase...................................................2

         SECTION 2.02      Advances ....................................................................2

         SECTION 2.03      Advance and Prepayment Procedures...........................................2

         SECTION 2.04      The Note ....................................................................3

         SECTION 2.05      Commitment Term; Optional Renewal...........................................3

ARTICLE III FEES ........................................................................................3

         SECTION 3.01      Fees ........................................................................3

         SECTION 3.02      Increased Costs, etc........................................................4

         SECTION 3.03      Increased Capital Costs.....................................................4

         SECTION 3.04      Taxes .......................................................................4

         SECTION 3.05      Mark-to-Market Adjustments..................................................5

         SECTION 3.06      Illegality; Substituted Interest Rates......................................6

ARTICLE IV OTHER PAYMENT TERMS .........................................................................7

         SECTION 4.01      Time and Method of Payment..................................................7

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES................................................................7

         SECTION 5.01      Representations and Warranties of the Issuer................................7

         SECTION 5.02      Representations and Warranties of CPS.......................................9

         SECTION 5.03      Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Class A Note Purchaser.....11

ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS ..................................................................................12

         SECTION 6.01      Conditions to Purchase.....................................................12

         SECTION 6.02      Conditions to Each Advance.................................................13

ARTICLE VII COVENANTS ..................................................................................15

         SECTION 7.01      Affirmative Covenants......................................................15

         SECTION 7.02      Negative Covenants.  Until the Class A Facility Termination Date:...........20

ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS..................................................................21

         SECTION 8.01      Amendments..................................................................21

         SECTION 8.02      No Waiver; Remedies........................................................21

         SECTION 8.03      Binding on Successors and Assigns..........................................22

         SECTION 8.04      Termination; Survival......................................................22

         SECTION 8.05      Indemnification.............................................................23

         SECTION 8.06      Characterization as Basic Document; Entire Agreement........................23


                                                   -i-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 8.07      Notices ....................................................................23

         SECTION 8.08      Severability of Provisions.................................................23

         SECTION 8.09      Tax Characterization.......................................................24

         SECTION 8.10      Limited Recourse...........................................................24

         SECTION 8.11      Governing Law..............................................................24

         SECTION 8.12      Submission to Jurisdiction.................................................24

         SECTION 8.13      Waiver of Jury Trial.......................................................24

         SECTION 8.14      Counterparts................................................................24

         SECTION 8.15      Set-Off ....................................................................25

         SECTION 8.16      Nonpetition Covenants......................................................25

         SECTION 8.17      Servicer References........................................................25

         SECTION 8.18      Confidentiality.............................................................25


                                                   -ii-
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                  AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

     THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of January 12,
2007 (as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time
in accordance with the terms hereof, this "Agreement"), is made among PAGE THREE
FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Issuer"), CONSUMER
PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC., a California corporation ("CPS" or the "Servicer"),
and BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC., a Delaware corporation, as Class A Note Purchaser
(in such capacity, together with any successors in such capacity, the "Class A
Note Purchaser").

                                 R E C I T A L S
                                 - - - - - - - -

     1. The Issuer and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a national
banking association, as trustee (together with its successors in trust
thereunder as provided in the Indenture referred to below, the "Trustee"), have
entered into an Amended and Restated Indenture of even date herewith (as the
same may be further amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the "Indenture"), pursuant to
which the Issuer has previously issued a class of notes designated as the
Issuer's Variable Funding Notes, Class A (the "Class A Notes") and pursuant to
which the Issuer will issue on the Class B Closing Date a class of notes
designated as the Issuer's Variable Funding Notes, Class B (the "Class B
Notes"). The Class B Notes will be subordinate in right of payment to the Class
A Notes and to any and all other amounts due and owing to the Class A Note
Purchaser and the Class A Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents. The Class
A Notes and the Class B Notes are collectively referred to herein as the
"Notes".

     2. The security for the Notes includes retail installment sale contracts
secured by the new and used automobiles, vans, minivans and light trucks
financed thereby and certain other Conveyed Property. The Receivables will
initially be serviced by CPS. The Notes will be secured by the Receivables,
which will be pledged by the Issuer to the Trustee from time to time pursuant to
the Indenture.

     3. From time to time prior to the Class A Facility Termination Date, the
Issuer will acquire pools of Receivables secured by the new and used
automobiles, vans, minivans and light trucks financed thereby and certain other
Conveyed Property from CPS pursuant to an Amended and Restated Sale and
Servicing Agreement of even date herewith (as the same may be further amended,
supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance
with the terms thereof, the "Sale and Servicing Agreement"), among the Issuer,
as Issuer and as purchaser (in such capacity, the "Purchaser"), CPS, as seller
and servicer (in such capacities, the "Seller" and the "Servicer,"
respectively), and the Trustee. The Issuer will in turn pledge the Receivables
and the Other Conveyed Property to the Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders and the Note Purchasers pursuant to the Indenture. The Receivables
will be described in the schedules to one or more assignments by the Seller to
the Issuer (each, an "Assignment") dated as of the cutoff date specified therein
(such date, a "Cutoff Date" and each date of transfer, a "Funding Date", in each
case with respect to the related Receivables and other Conveyed Property).
Repayment of each class of Notes and any and all other amounts due and owing to
the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders under the Basic Documents will be
secured by a security interest in the Collateral as provided in the Indenture.
In addition, repayment of the Class B Notes and any and all other amounts due
and owing to the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders under the
Basic Documents will be secured by a security interest in the Additional Class B
Collateral.

     4. The Issuer has issued the Class A Notes in favor of the Class A Note
Purchaser and has obtained the agreement of the Class A Note Purchaser to
purchase the Class A Notes and to purchase increases in the Class A Notes from
time to time (each, a "Class A Advance"), all of which Class A Advances
(including the initial Class A Advance) will constitute Class A Advances and
will be evidenced by the Class A Notes purchased in connection herewith. Each
Class A Advance and all Class A Advance Amounts with respect thereto will be
secured by all of the Collateral regardless of whether a particular Receivable
was pledged to the Trustee prior to, on the date of, or subsequent to the date
of such Class A Advance or Class A Advance Amount, and will be senior to all
Class B Advances, all Class B Advance Amounts and any and all other amounts due
and owing to the Class B Note Purchaser and the Class B Noteholders pursuant to
the Basic Documents, which are also secured by all of the Collateral. Subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, the
Class A Note Purchaser is willing to purchase the Class A Advances from time to
time in an aggregate outstanding amount up to the Class A Maximum Invested
Amount until the Class A Facility Termination Date. CPS has joined in this
Agreement to confirm certain representations, warranties and covenants made by
it as Servicer and as Seller for the benefit of the Class A Note Purchaser..

<PAGE>

     5. The Notes are subject to the terms and provisions of an Intercreditor
Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2007 (as the same may be amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the
terms thereof), by and among Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., as Class A Note Purchaser
and the initial Class A Noteholder, The Patriot Group, LLC and Waterfall Eden
Fund, LP, each as a Class B Note Purchaser and as an initial Class B Note
Purchaser, Page Three Funding LLC, as Issuer and Purchaser, Consumer Portfolio
Services, Inc., as Seller and Servicer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as Collateral Agent, Trustee and Note Paying Agent.

                                    ARTICLE I
                                   DEFINITIONS

     SECTION 1.01 Definitions. As used in this Agreement and unless the context
requires a different meaning, capitalized terms used but not defined herein
(including the preamble and the recitals hereto) shall have the meanings
assigned to such terms in Annex A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The
definitions of such terms are applicable to the singular as well as the plural
form of such terms and to the masculine as well as the feminine and neuter
genders of such terms:

                                   ARTICLE II
                          PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE NOTE

     SECTION 2.01 The Initial Note Purchase. On the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, and in reliance on the
covenants, representations and agreements set forth herein and therein, the
Issuer shall issue and cause the Trustee to authenticate and deliver to the
Class A Note Purchaser an amended and restated Class A Note on the Class B
Closing Date. The amended and restated Class A Note shall be dated the Class B
Closing Date, registered in the name of "Bear Stearns Securities Corp.", the
nominee of the Note Purchaser, and duly authenticated in accordance with the
provisions of the Indenture.

     SECTION 2.02 Advances. Upon the Issuer's request, delivered in accordance
with the provisions of Section 2.03, subject to the satisfaction of all
conditions precedent thereto and to the terms and conditions of the Basic
Documents, and in reliance upon the representations and warranties set forth
herein and therein, the Class A Note Purchaser shall purchase Class A Advances
from time to time during the Class A Term at the relevant Class A Advance
Amount; provided that no Class A Advance shall be required or permitted to be
purchased on any date if, after giving effect to such Class A Advance, (a) the
Class A Invested Amount would exceed the Class A Maximum Invested Amount or (b)
a Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency exists or would exist. Subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, the aggregate
principal amount of the Class A Notes outstanding may be increased, to a maximum
amount not to exceed the Class A Maximum Advance Amount, or decreased from time
to time.

     SECTION 2.03 Advance and Prepayment Procedures.

          (a) Whenever the Issuer wishes the Class A Note Purchaser to purchase
a Class A Advance, the Issuer shall (or shall cause the Servicer to) notify the
Class A Note Purchaser by telephone, promptly followed by written notice, with
an electronic copy of such notice sent to the Class A Note Purchaser,
substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto (each such request, a "Class A
Advance Request"), together with the related Addition Notice, a Class A
Borrowing Base Certificate and a data tape or other electronic file containing
information regarding the Related Receivables to be transferred on such Class A
Funding Date delivered to the Class A Note Purchaser no later than 2:00 p.m.
(New York City time) four (4) Business Days prior to the proposed Class A
Funding Date. Each such Class A Advance Request shall be irrevocable and shall
in each case refer to this Agreement and specify the aggregate amount of the
requested Class A Advance to be purchased on such date, which amount shall be
not less than $2,000,000. The Class A Note Purchaser shall promptly thereafter


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

(but in no event later than 11:00 a.m. New York City time on the proposed Class
A Funding Date) notify the Issuer whether the Class A Note Purchaser has
determined to purchase the requested Class A Advance. On the Class A Funding
Date specified in the Class A Advance Request, subject to the other conditions
set forth herein and in the other Basic Documents, the Class A Note Purchaser
shall pay the Class A Advance Amount for such Class A Advance to or at the
direction of the Issuer, by wire transfer in U.S. dollars of such amount in same
day funds to an account designated by the Issuer or its designee on the related
Class A Funding Date. The Issuer hereby directs the Class A Note Purchaser to
pay the Class A Advance Amount for each Class A Advance to CPS for the benefit
of the Issuer.

          (b) No later than three (3) Business Days prior to a proposed Class A
Funding Date, the Seller shall either (i) transmit to the Class A Note Purchaser
or its designee in electronic format or (ii) make scanned copies available to
the Class A Note Purchaser or its designee for review by the Class A Note
Purchaser or its designee at the Seller's offices during normal business hours,
of a statistically significant sample of the credit files of the Related
Receivables, such sample size to be determined and sample selected in the
discretion of the Class A Note Purchaser.

          (c) The Class A Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part in accordance
with Article X of the Indenture.

     SECTION 2.04 The Class A Notes. On each date a Class A Advance is
purchased, increasing the outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes, and
on each date the outstanding principal amount of the Class A Notes is reduced, a
duly authorized officer, employee or agent of the Class A Note Purchaser shall
make appropriate notations in its books and records of the amount of such Class
A Advance made by the Class A Note Purchaser and the amount of such reduction,
as applicable, applied by the Class A Note Purchaser. Every such notation shall
be dispositive of the accuracy of the information so recorded and shall be
conclusive and binding on the Issuer absent manifest error.

     SECTION 2.05 Commitment Term; Optional Renewal.. The term of the Commitment
hereunder (the "Class A Term") shall be for a period commencing on the Class B
Closing Date and ending on the Class A Facility Termination Date. Thereafter,
the Class A Term may be extended for one or two additional 364-day periods in
the respective discretion, and upon the mutual agreement of the parties, which
agreement may take the form of changing the specified "Class A Facility
Termination Date" together with such other terms upon which the parties may
agree. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 2.05
shall obligate any of the parties hereto to extend any Class A Term unless it
shall desire to do so in its sole discretion.

     SECTION 2.06 Appointment of Trustee under Indenture.

     The Class A Note Purchaser hereby acknowledges and approves the appointment
of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as the Trustee with respect to the
Collateral pursuant to Section 6.13 of the Indenture.

                                   ARTICLE III
                                      FEES

     SECTION 3.01 Fees.

          (a) On the Class B Closing Date, the Issuer and the Servicer jointly
and severally paid to the Class A Note Purchaser a structuring fee equal to the
sum of (I) the product of (x) 0.05% and (y) the Class A Maximum Invested Amount,
and (II) the product of (x) 1.00% and (y) the Class B Maximum Invested Amount as
of the Class B Closing Date.

          (b) On each Settlement Date, the Issuer and the Servicer will, jointly
and severally, pay or cause to be paid to the Class A Note Purchaser the Class A
Commitment Fee, such payment in the case of the Issuer to be made pursuant to
Section 5.8(a)(iv) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.


                                      -3-
<PAGE>

          (c) The Issuer and the Servicer shall jointly and severally pay or
reimburse the Class A Note Purchaser on the Class A Closing Date and thereafter
within 30 days following presentment of invoices for all its reasonable
out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
development, preparation and execution of, and any amendment, modification or
supplement to, or any waiver under, any Basic Document and any other document
prepared in connection therewith, and the consummation and administration of the
transactions contemplated thereby, including, without limitation, the reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel to the Class A Note Purchaser with respect to
any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, such fees and disbursements
incurred in advising Class A Note Purchaser from time to time as to its rights
and remedies under any Basic Document. Such expenses related to the amendment
and restatement of this facility shall be capped at $75,000.

     SECTION 3.02 Increased Costs, etc. The Issuer agrees to reimburse the Class
A Note Purchaser for an increase in the cost of, or any reduction in the amount
of any sum receivable by the Class A Note Purchaser, including reductions in the
rate of return on the Class A Note Purchaser's capital, in respect of making,
continuing or maintaining (or of its obligation to make, continue or maintain)
any Class A Advances that arise in connection with any change in, or the
introduction, adoption, effectiveness, interpretation reinterpretation or
phase-in, in each case, after the date hereof, of any law or regulation,
directive, guideline, accounting rule, decision or request (whether or not
having the force of law) of any court, central bank, regulator or other
Governmental Authority, except for such changes with respect to increased
capital costs and taxes which are governed by Sections 3.03 and 3.04,
respectively. Each such demand shall be provided to the Issuer in writing and
shall state, in reasonable detail, the reasons therefor and the additional
amount required fully to compensate the Class A Note Purchaser for such
increased cost or reduced amount or return. Such additional amounts shall be
payable by the Issuer to the Class A Note Purchaser within five (5) Business
Days of its receipt of such notice, and such notice shall, in the absence of
manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer.

     SECTION 3.03 Increased Capital Costs. If any change in, or the
introduction, adoption, effectiveness, interpretation or reinterpretation or
phase-in, in each case after the date hereof, of any law or regulation,
directive, guideline, accounting rule, decision or request (whether or not
having the force of law) of any court, central bank, regulator or other
Governmental Authority affects or would affect the amount of capital required or
reasonably expected to be maintained by the Class A Note Purchaser or any Person
controlling the Class A Note Purchaser and the Class A Note Purchaser reasonably
determines that the rate of return on its or such controlling Person's capital
as a consequence of its commitment or the purchases of Advances or the
maintenance of the Class A Notes by the Class A Note Purchaser is reduced to a
level below that which the Class A Note Purchaser or such controlling Person
would have achieved but for the occurrence of any such circumstance, then, in
any such case after notice from time to time by the Class A Note Purchaser to
the Issuer, the Issuer shall pay to the Class A Note Purchaser an incremental
commitment fee sufficient to compensate the Class A Note Purchaser or such
controlling Person for such reduction in rate of return. A statement of the
Class A Note Purchaser as to any such additional amount or amounts (including
calculations thereof in reasonable detail), in the absence of manifest error,
shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer; and provided, further, that the
initial payment of such increased commitment fee shall include a payment for
accrued amounts due under this Section 3.03 prior to such initial payment. In
determining such additional amount, the Class A Note Purchaser may use any
method of averaging and attribution that it shall reasonably deem applicable so
long as it applies such method to other similar transactions.

     SECTION 3.04 Taxes. All payments by the Issuer of principal of, and
interest on, the Class A Notes and all other amounts payable by the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer hereunder or under any other Basic
Document (including fees) and/or thereunder shall be made free and clear of and
without deduction for any present or future income, excise, stamp or franchise
taxes and other taxes, fees, duties, withholdings or other charges of any nature
whatsoever imposed by any taxing authority, but excluding in the case of the
Class A Note Purchaser, taxes imposed by the United States on or measured by its
overall net income, overall receipts or overall assets and franchise taxes
imposed on it by the jurisdiction in which the Class A Note Purchaser is
organized or is operating or any political subdivision thereof (such
non-excluded items being called "Taxes"); provided that, notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Issuer shall not be required to increase
any amounts payable to the Class A Note Purchaser with respect to any Taxes that
are imposed on the Class A Note Purchaser at the time of acquisition of the
Class A Notes by the Class A Note Purchaser. In the event that any withholding
or deduction from any payment to be made by the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
Seller or the Servicer hereunder and/or under any other Basic Document is
required in respect of any Taxes pursuant to any applicable law, rule or
regulation, then the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer, as the
case may be, will:


                                      -4-
<PAGE>

          (a) pay directly to the relevant authority the full amount required to
be so withheld or deducted;

          (b) promptly forward to the Class A Note Purchaser or its agent an
official receipt or other documentation evidencing such payment to such
authority; and

          (c) pay to the Class A Note Purchaser or its agent such additional
amount or amounts as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually
received by the Class A Note Purchaser will equal the full amount the Class A
Note Purchaser would have received had no such withholding or deduction been
required.

          Moreover, if any Taxes are directly asserted against the Class A Note
Purchaser with respect to any payment received by the Class A Note Purchaser,
the Class A Note Purchaser or such agent may pay such Taxes and the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer will promptly upon receipt of prior
written notice stating the amount of such Taxes pay such additional amounts
(including any penalties, interest or expenses) as is necessary in order that
the net amount received by such person after the payment of such Taxes
(including any Taxes on such additional amount) shall equal the amount the Class
A Note Purchaser would have received had not such Taxes been asserted. The Class
A Note Purchaser shall make all reasonable efforts to avoid the imposition of
any Taxes that would give rise to an additional payment under this Section 3.04.

          If the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer fails to pay
any Taxes when due to the appropriate taxing authority or fails to remit to the
Class A Note Purchaser the required receipts or other required documentary
evidence, the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer, as applicable,
shall indemnify the Class A Note Purchaser for any Taxes and incremental Taxes,
interest or penalties that may become payable by the Class A Note Purchaser as a
result of any such failure.

     SECTION 3.05 Mark-to-Market Adjustments.

          (a) The Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser and the Issuer shall
cooperate with the Class A Note Purchaser and will execute and deliver, or cause
to be executed and delivered, all such documents that may be reasonably
necessary to calculate the Market Value, and will take all such other actions,
as the Class A Note Purchaser may reasonably request from time to time in order
to calculate the Market Value. On each Tuesday (provided such Tuesday is a
Business Day) of each calendar week during the Class A Term, the Class A Note
Purchaser shall advise the Servicer of the Market Value (as calculated by the
Class A Note Purchaser in its sole discretion) and, in reliance upon and subject
to Section 3.05(b), the Class A Note Purchaser consents to the Servicer advising
the Class B Note Purchaser of such Market Value.

          (b) In connection with the Class A Note Purchaser's provision of the
Market Value to the Servicer and the Servicer's provision of such Market Value
to the Class B Note Purchaser, in each case pursuant to Section 3.05(a), each of
the Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser and the Issuer expressly acknowledges
and agrees that the Class A Note Purchaser is agreeing to permit the Servicer to
furnish the Market Value to the Class B Note Purchaser solely as an
accommodation in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other Basic Documents. The Class A Note Purchaser makes no
representation or warranty (whether express or implied, oral or written) as to
the accuracy or completeness, or fitness for a particular use, of the Market
Value, and assumes no responsibility whatsoever to the Servicer, the Seller, the
Purchaser, the Issuer, the Class B Note Purchasers or the Class B Noteholders in
connection with its calculation of Market Value or any use of such Market Value
by the Servicer, the Seller, the Issuer, the Purchaser, any Class B Note
Purchaser, any Class B Noteholder, any of their respective affiliates or any
other Person and, consequently, the Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser, the
Issuer, the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B Noteholders are not relying
upon the Class A Note Purchaser for the Market Value in such regard. In
consideration of the Class A Note Purchaser's providing the Market Value to the
Servicer and permitting the provision of such Market Value to the Class B Note
Purchasers from time to time, for which the Class A Note Purchaser is not
receiving any compensation, each of the Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser and
the Issuer hereby unconditionally and irrevocably releases and discharges the
Class A Note Purchaser and its respective affiliates, directors, officers,
agents, employees and representatives from, and each of the initial Servicer,
the Seller, the Purchaser and the Issuer hereby agrees, jointly and severally,
to indemnify, hold harmless and reimburse the Class A Note Purchaser and its
respective affiliates, directors, officers, agents, employees and
representatives with respect to, any and all actions, liabilities, losses,
damages or claims of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without


                                      -5-
<PAGE>

limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and expenses and expenses of litigation),
as incurred, that may be imposed on or incurred by or asserted against the Class
A Note Purchaser or any such other Person or Persons in any way relating to or
arising out of (i) the Class A Note Purchaser's calculation of Market Value,
(ii) the Class A Note Purchaser's provision of such Market Value to the
Servicer, (iii) the Servicer's provision of such Market Value to the Class B
Note Purchaser, (iv) the use of such Market Value by any of the Servicer, the
Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer, any Class B Note Purchaser, any Class B
Noteholder, any of their respective affiliates or any other Person in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic
Documents or otherwise, or (v) with respect to any Pledged Subordinate
Securities issued in connection with a Securitization Transaction, the lead
placement agent's calculation of the market value thereof for purposes of the
definition of Class B Borrowing Base. Indemnification under this Section 3.05(b)
shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents.
These indemnity obligations shall be in addition to any obligations that the
initial Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser or the Issuer may otherwise have
under applicable law, hereunder or under any other Basic Document.

          (c) In the event that a Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency exists on
any date of determination as determined by the Class A Note Purchaser in its
sole discretion, the Issuer shall on the same Business Day of the receipt of
notice from the Class A Note Purchaser (or if notice is received after 10:01
a.m. New York time, then on the next Business Day) prepay the Class A Invested
Amount by an amount equal to such Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency by paying
such amount to or at the direction of the Class A Note Purchaser. If a Class A
Borrowing Base Deficiency is not fully paid by the Issuer pursuant to the
immediately preceding sentence, then (i) on any Class A Funding Date, the Class
A Note Purchaser shall net and set-off the amount of any outstanding Class A
Borrowing Base Deficiency against the amount of the Class A Advance to be made
on such Class A Funding Date and (ii) on each Settlement Date as of which any
portion of such Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency shall remain outstanding, any
amount otherwise payable to the Deposit Account on such Settlement Date pursuant
to Section 5.7(a)(xii) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement shall instead be paid
to the Class A Note Purchaser on such Settlement Date as a prepayment of the
Class A Invested Amount (the "Class A Margin Call").

          (d) The Class A Note Purchaser will not materially change the
methodology by which it calculates the Market Value (such materiality to be
determined by the Class A Note Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion)
without providing prior written notice of such change to the Servicer and each
Class B Note Purchaser.

     SECTION 3.06 Illegality; Substituted Interest Rates.

          Notwithstanding any other provisions herein, (a) if any Requirement of
Law or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof shall
make it unlawful for the Class A Note Purchaser to make or maintain any Class A
Notes at the LIBOR rate as contemplated by this Agreement, or (b) in the event
that the Class A Note Purchaser shall have determined (which determination shall
be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer) that by reason of circumstances
affecting the LIBOR interbank market neither adequate nor reasonable means exist
for ascertaining the LIBOR rate, or (c) the Class A Note Purchaser shall have
determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer)
that the applicable LIBOR rate will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost
to the Class A Note Purchaser of maintaining or funding the Class A Notes based
on such applicable LIBOR rate (provided that the parties hereto acknowledge and
agree that the Class A Note Purchaser shall only make such determination if the
published LIBOR rate used by the Class A Note Purchaser does not accurately
reflect the actual LIBOR rate), (x) the obligation of the Class A Note Purchaser
to make or maintain the Class A Notes at the LIBOR rate shall forthwith be
suspended and the Class A Note Purchaser shall promptly notify the Issuer
thereof (by telephone confirmed in writing) and (y) each Class A Note then
outstanding, if any, shall, from and including the date that is forty-five (45)
days after the Issuer's receipt of notice from the Class A Note Purchaser of the
occurrence of any condition set forth in clauses (a), (b) or (c), or at such
earlier date as may be required by law, until payment in full thereof, bear
interest at the rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) the Prime Rate and
(ii) the rate of interest (including the Class A Applicable Margin) in effect on
the date immediately preceding the date any event described in clause (a), (b)
or (c) occurred (calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in
a year of 360 days). If subsequent to such suspension of the obligation of the
Class A Note Purchaser to make or maintain the Class A Notes at the LIBOR rate
it becomes lawful for the Class A Note Purchaser to make or maintain the Class A
Notes at the LIBOR rate, or the circumstances described in clause (b) or (c)
above no longer exist, the Class A Note Purchaser shall so notify the Issuer and
its obligation to do so shall be reinstated effective as of the date it becomes
lawful for the Class A Note Purchaser to make or maintain the Class A Notes at
the LIBOR rate or the circumstances described in clause (b) or (c) above no
longer exist.


                                      -6-
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IV
                               OTHER PAYMENT TERMS

     SECTION 4.01 Time and Method of Payment. Unless otherwise specified herein,
all amounts payable to the Class A Note Purchaser hereunder or with respect to
the Class A Notes shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds
in Dollars not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the due date
therefor. Any funds received after that time will be deemed to have been
received on the next Business Day.

                                    ARTICLE V
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     SECTION 5.01 Representations and Warranties of the Issuer. The Issuer makes
the following representations and warranties (references to the Issuer hereunder
include the Purchaser), on which the Class A Note Purchaser relies in purchasing
the Class A Notes and in making each Class A Advance, and on which the Trustee
relies in receiving a security interest in the Receivables and the other
Collateral related thereto under the Indenture. Such representations are made as
of the date of this Agreement and as of each Class A Funding Date, and shall
survive the issuance of the Class A Notes, the making of each Class A Advance
and the grant of a security interest in the Receivables and the other Collateral
related thereto to the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the
Noteholders under the Indenture.

          (a) Sale and Servicing Agreement and Class B Note Purchase Agreement.
Each of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in Section
7.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement is true and correct. The representations
and warranties of the Servicer, the Seller, the Purchaser and the Issuer in the
Basic Documents are true and correct.

          (b) Other Obligations. The Issuer is not in default in the
performance, observance or fulfillment of any obligation, covenant or condition
in any of the Basic Documents to which it is a party or in any other agreement
or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound.

          (c) Regulations T, U and X. No proceeds of any Class A Advance will be
used, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer for the purpose of purchasing or
carrying any Margin Stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System) or for the purpose of reducing or retiring any
indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry Margin Stock or
for any other purpose which might cause any Class A Advance to be a "purpose
credit" within the meaning of Regulation U. Neither the making of any Class A
Advance hereunder, nor the use of the proceeds thereof, will violate or
otherwise conflict with the provisions of Regulations T, U or X of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

          (d) Investment Company Status. The Issuer is not, nor will the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents cause the
Issuer to be, an "investment company" or an "affiliated person" of, or
"promoter" or "principal underwriter" for, an "investment company," as such
terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
"Investment Company Act"), or a company "controlled" by an investment company
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents will not violate any provision
of such Act or any rule, regulation or order issued by the Securities and
Exchange Commission thereunder. The Issuer is not subject to regulation under
any applicable law (other than Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System) that limits its ability to incur Indebtedness.


                                      -7-
<PAGE>

          (e) Full Disclosure. The information, reports, financial statements,
exhibits, schedules, officer's certificates and other documents furnished by or
on behalf of the Issuer to the Seller, the Servicer, the Class A Note Purchaser,
the Trustee or the Backup Servicer in connection with any particular Class A
Advance or the negotiation, preparation, delivery or performance of this
Agreement, the Class A Notes, the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement
and the other Basic Documents or included herein or therein or delivered
pursuant hereto or thereto, taken as a whole, are true and correct (or, in the
case of projections, are based on good faith reasonable estimates) on the date
as of which such information is stated or certified and do not and will not
contain an untrue statement of a material fact, or omit to state any material
fact necessary to make the statements herein or therein contained, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All such
financial statements fairly present the financial condition of the Issuer as of
the date specified therein (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments) all in
accordance with GAAP. On such date, the Issuer had no material contingent
liabilities, liabilities for taxes, or unusual or anticipated losses from any
unfavorable commitments, except as referred to or reflected in such financial
statements as of such date. There is no fact known to the Issuer, after due
inquiry, that would have a Material Adverse Effect and that has not been
disclosed herein, in the other Basic Documents or in a report, financial
statement, exhibit, schedule, disclosure letter or other writing furnished to
the Class A Note Purchaser for use in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby.

          (f) Collateral Security.

               (i) The Issuer owns and will own each item that it pledges as
          Collateral or Bear Cross Collateral, as the case may be,, free and
          clear of any and all Liens (including, without limitation, any tax
          liens), other than Liens created pursuant to the Indenture. No
          security agreement, financing statement or other public notice similar
          in effect with respect to all or any part of the Collateral or the
          Bear Cross Collateral is or will be on file or of record in any public
          office or authorized by the Issuer, except (A) such as have been or
          may hereinafter be filed with respect to the Collateral or the Bear
          Cross Collateral pursuant to the Basic Documents, and (B) such as
          shall be terminated as to the Collateral or the Bear Cross Collateral
          no later than concurrently with the pledge of such Collateral or Bear
          Cross Collateral under the Indenture.

               (ii) (A) Granting Clause I of the Indenture is effective to
          create, as collateral security for the Notes and the other obligations
          to the Class A Note Purchaser, a valid and enforceable Lien on the
          Collateral in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the Note
          Purchasers and the Noteholders; and (B) Granting Clause III of the
          Indenture is effective to create, as collateral security for the Class
          B notes issued under the UBS Indenture and the other obligations to
          the Class B note purchasers under the UBS Basic Documents, a valid and
          enforceable Lien on the Bear Cross Collateral in favor of the UBS
          Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and
          the Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents, in each case,
          subject to the Intercreditor Agreements.

               (iii) The Liens created pursuant to the Indenture (a) constitute
          a perfected security interest in the Collateral in favor of the
          Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders,
          subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, (b) constitute a perfected
          security interest in the Bear Cross Collateral in favor of the UBS
          Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and
          the Class B noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents, subject to the
          Intercreditor Agreement, (c) are prior to all other Liens of all other
          Persons that may be perfected by filing a financing statement under
          Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code (other than, in the case of
          the Bear Cross Collateral, the Lien created by Granting Clause I of
          the Indenture) and (d) are enforceable as such as against all other
          Persons.

               (iv) Upon delivery of Contracts evidencing the Receivables to the
          Trustee in accordance with Section 2.1(a) of the Sale and Servicing
          Agreement, the Lien created pursuant to the Indenture will constitute
          a perfected security interest in such Contracts in favor of the
          Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders,
          which Lien will be prior to all other Liens of all other Persons that
          may be perfected by possession of such Contracts under Article 9 of
          the Uniform Commercial Code and which Lien is enforceable as such as
          against all other Persons.

          (g) Ownership of Properties. The Issuer has good and marketable title
to any and all of its properties and assets, subject only to the Liens under the
Indenture.


                                      -8-
<PAGE>

          (h) Legal Counsel, etc. The Issuer has consulted with its own legal
counsel and independent accountants to the extent it has deemed necessary
regarding the tax, accounting and regulatory consequences of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, and the Issuer is
not participating in such transactions in reliance on any representations of the
Class A Note Purchaser or its Affiliates, or its counsel, with respect to tax,
accounting, regulatory or any other matters.

          (i) The Indenture. Each of the representations and warranties of the
Issuer contained in the Indenture is true and correct. No party to any Basic
Document is in default under any of its obligations thereunder.

          (j) Eligible Receivables. All of the Receivables included in the Class
A Borrowing Base are Eligible Receivables.

          (k) No Fraudulent Conveyance. As of the Closing Date and immediately
after giving effect to each Class A Advance, the fair value of the assets of the
Issuer is greater than the fair value of its liabilities (including, without
limitation, contingent liabilities of the Issuer), and the Issuer is and will be
solvent, does and will pay its debts as they mature and does not and will not
have an unreasonably small capital to engage in the business in which it is
engaged and proposes to engage. The Issuer does not intend to incur, or believe
that it has incurred, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature.
The Issuer is not in default under any material obligation to pay money to any
Person. The Issuer is not contemplating the commencement of insolvency,
bankruptcy, liquidation or consolidation proceedings or the appointment of a
receiver, liquidator, conservator, trustee or similar official in respect of the
Issuer or any of its assets. The Issuer is not transferring any Collateral or
any Bear Cross Collateral with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its
creditors. The Issuer will not use the proceeds from the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any other Basic Document to give any
preference to any creditor or class of creditors. The Issuer has given fair
consideration and reasonably equivalent value in exchange for the sale of the
Receivables by CPS under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

          (l) No Other Business. The Issuer engages in no business activities
other than the purchase or acquisition of the Collateral and the Pledged
Subordinate Securities, pledging the Collateral, and the Pledged Subordinate
Securities and the Bear Cross Collateral under the Indenture, transferring the
Collateral in connection with Securitization Transactions and in connection with
whole-loan or other asset sales, issuing the Notes and other activities relating
to the foregoing to the extent permitted by the organizational documents of the
Issuer as in effect on the date hereof, or as amended with the prior written
consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser. Without limitation of the foregoing,
the Issuer is not an issuer of securities other than the Notes or a borrower
under any loan or financing agreement, facility or other arrangement other than
the facility established pursuant to this Agreement and the other Basic
Documents.

          (m) No Indebtedness. The Issuer has no Indebtedness, other than
Indebtedness incurred under (or contemplated by) the terms of the Basic
Documents.

          (n) ERISA. The Issuer does not maintain any Plans, and the Issuer
agrees to notify the Class A Note Purchaser in advance of forming any Plans.
Neither the Issuer nor any Affiliate of the Issuer (other than MFN under the MFN
Financial Corporation Pension Plan and CPS under its defined contribution
(401(k)) plan) has any obligations or liabilities with respect to any Plans or
Multiemployer Plans, nor have any such Persons had any obligations or
liabilities with respect to any such Plans during the five year period prior to
the date this representation is made or deemed made. The Issuer will give notice
to the Class A Note Purchaser if at any time it or any Affiliate has any
obligations or liabilities with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan. All
Plans maintained by the Issuer or any Affiliate are in substantial compliance
with all applicable laws (including ERISA). The Issuer is not an employer under
any Multiemployer Plan.

     SECTION 5.02 Representations and Warranties of CPS. CPS makes the following
representations and warranties, on which the Issuer relies in purchasing the
Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property related thereto, and on which the
Class A Note Purchaser relies in purchasing its Class A Notes. Such
representations and warranties are made as of the date of this Agreement and as
of each Class A Funding Date, and shall survive the sale by CPS to the Purchaser
of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property related thereto under the
Sale and Servicing Agreement, the issuance of the Class A Notes, the purchase of
each Class A Advance and the grant of a security interest in the Receivables and
the other Collateral related thereto by the Issuer to the Trustee for the
benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders under the Indenture.


                                      -9-
<PAGE>

          (a) Sale and Servicing Agreement and Class B Note Purchase Agreement.
Each of the representations, warranties and covenants of the Seller and the
Servicer in the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Basic Documents is true and
correct.

          (b) Investment Company Status. CPS is not, nor will the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents cause CPS to be, an
"investment company" or an "affiliated person" of, or "promoter" or "principal
underwriter" for, an "investment company," as such terms are defined in the
Investment Company Act or a company "controlled by" an investment company within
the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each other Basic Document to which CPS is a
party will not violate any provision of such Act or any rule, regulation or
order issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder. CPS is not
subject to regulation under any applicable law (other than Regulation X of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) that limits its ability to
incur Indebtedness.

          (c) No Material Adverse Effect; No Default. (i) CPS is not a party to
any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any lease or other agreement or
instrument or subject to any charter or corporate restriction that could have,
and no provision of applicable law or governmental regulation has had or would
have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) CPS is not in default under or with
respect to any contract, agreement, lease or other instrument to which CPS is a
party and which is material to CPS's condition (financial or otherwise),
business, operations or properties, and CPS has not delivered or received any
notice of default thereunder, other than such defaults as have been waived.

          (d) Regulations T, U and X. No proceeds of any Class A Advance will be
used, directly or indirectly, by CPS for the purpose of purchasing or carrying
any Margin Stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System) or for the purpose of reducing or retiring any
indebtedness that was originally incurred to purchase or carry Margin Stock or
for any other purpose which might cause any Class A Advance to be a "purpose
credit" within the meaning of Regulation U. Neither the making of any Class A
Advance hereunder, nor the use of the proceeds thereof, will violate or
otherwise conflict with the provisions of Regulations T, U or X of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

          (e) Security Interest. Notwithstanding the intent of the parties set
forth in Section 2.2 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Sale and Servicing
Agreement is effective to create a valid and enforceable Lien on the Receivables
and the Other Conveyed Property in favor of the Issuer. The Lien created
pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement (a) constitutes a first priority
perfected security interest in the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property
in favor of the Purchaser, (b) is prior to all other Liens, if any, on the
Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property, and (c) is enforceable as such as
against all Persons.

          (f) Full Disclosure. The information, reports, financial statements,
exhibits, schedules, officer's certificates and other documents furnished by or
on behalf of CPS, the Servicer, the Seller or any of their respective Affiliates
to the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Class A Note Purchaser, the Trustee or the
Backup Servicer in connection with any particular Class A Advance or the
negotiation, preparation, delivery or performance of this Agreement, the Class A
Notes and the other Basic Documents or included herein or therein or delivered
pursuant hereto or thereto, taken as a whole, are true and correct in every
material respect (or, in the case of projections, are based on good faith
reasonable estimates) on the date as of which such information is stated or
certified and do not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material
fact, or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein
or therein contained, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. All such financial statements fairly present the financial
condition of CPS or such Affiliates as of the date specified therein (subject to
normal year-end audit adjustments) all in accordance with GAAP. On such date,
neither CPS nor any of its Affiliates had any material contingent liabilities,
liabilities for taxes, or unusual or anticipated losses from any unfavorable
commitments, except as referred to or reflected in such financial statements as
of such date. There is no fact known to CPS or any of its Affiliates, after due
inquiry, that would have a Material Adverse Effect and that has not been
disclosed herein, in the other Basic Documents or in a report, financial
statement, exhibit, schedule, disclosure letter or other writing furnished to
the Class A Note Purchaser for use in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby.


                                      -10-
<PAGE>

          (g) ERISA. Neither CPS nor any of its Affiliates maintain any Plans
(other than CPS's defined contribution (401(k)) plan and the MFN Financial
Corporation Pension Plan), and CPS agrees to notify the Class A Note Purchaser
in advance of forming any Plans. Neither CPS nor any of its Affiliates has any
obligations or liabilities with respect to any Plans or Multiemployer Plans
(other than CPS's defined contribution (401(k)) plan and the MFN Financial
Corporation Pension Plan), nor have any such Persons had any obligations or
liabilities with respect to any such Plans during the five year period prior to
the date this representation is made or deemed made. CPS will give notice to the
Class A Note Purchaser if at any time it or any Affiliate has any obligations or
liabilities with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan. All Plans maintained
by CPS or any of its Affiliates are in substantial compliance with all
applicable laws (including ERISA). CPS is not an employer under any
Multiemployer Plan.

          (h) Insurance. During the Class A Term, CPS shall maintain such
insurance as is generally acceptable to prudent institutional investors and
usual and customary for similar companies in its industry.

     SECTION 5.03 Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Class A Note
Purchaser. The Class A Note Purchaser hereby covenants to the Issuer and the
Servicer that it will perform the obligations required of it under the Basic
Documents in accordance with the terms of the Basic Documents. In addition, the
Class A Note Purchaser represents and warrants to the Issuer and the Servicer,
as of the date hereof (or as of a subsequent date on which a successor or
assignee of the Class A Note Purchaser shall become a party hereto, in which
case such successor or assignee hereby represents and warrants to the Issuer and
the Servicer), that:

          (a) it has had an opportunity to discuss the Issuer's and the
Servicer's business, management and financial affairs, and the terms and
conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents, with the
Issuer and the Servicer and their respective representatives;

          (b) it is a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of
the Investment Company Act) that is either (i) a "qualified institutional buyer"
as such term is defined under Rule 144A of the Securities Act or (ii) an
"accredited investor" within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of
Regulation D under the Securities Act and has sufficient knowledge and
experience in financial and business matters to be capable of evaluating the
merits and risks of investing in, and is able and prepared to bear the economic
risk of investing in, the Class A Notes;

          (c) it is purchasing the Class A Notes for its own account, or for the
account of one or more "qualified purchasers" (as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of
the Investment Company Act) that are either (i) "qualified institutional buyers"
within the meaning of Rule 144A of the Securities Act or (ii) "accredited
investors" within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D
under the Securities Act that meet the criteria described in subsection (b), and
for which it is acting with complete investment discretion, for investment
purposes only and not with a view to distribution, subject, nevertheless, to the
understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and
remain within its control;

          (d) it understands that the Class A Notes have not been and will not
be registered or qualified under the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities laws or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and are being
offered only in a transaction not involving any public offering within the
meaning of the Securities Act and may not be resold or otherwise transferred
unless so registered or qualified or unless an exemption from registration or
qualification is available, that the Issuer is not required to register the
Class A Notes, and that any transfer must comply with provisions of Section 2.5
of the Indenture and Section 8.03(b) of this Agreement;

          (e) it understands that the Class A Notes will bear the legend set out
in the form of Class A Note attached as Exhibit A-1 to the Indenture and be
subject to the restrictions on transfer described in such legend;

          (f) it will comply with all applicable federal and state securities
laws in connection with any subsequent resale of the Class A Notes;


                                      -11-
<PAGE>

          (g) it understands that the Class A Notes may be offered, resold,
pledged or otherwise transferred only (A) to the Issuer, (B) in a transaction
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A under the Securities Act, (C) outside the
United States to a foreign person in a transaction meeting the requirements of
Regulation S under the Securities Act, or (D) in a transaction complying with or
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States
or any other jurisdiction;

          (h) if it desires to offer, sell or otherwise transfer, pledge or
hypothecate the Class A Notes as described in clause (B), (C) or (D) of the
preceding paragraph, the transferee of the Class A Notes will be required to
deliver a certificate and may under certain circumstances be required to deliver
an opinion of counsel, in each case, as described in the Indenture, reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Trustee, that an exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act applies to such offer, sale,
transfer or hypothecation. The Class A Note Purchaser understands that the
registrar and transfer agent for the Class A Notes will not be required to
accept for registration of transfer the Class A Notes acquired by it unless the
terms and conditions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of the Indenture have been
satisfied;

          (i) it will obtain from any purchaser of the Class A Notes
substantially the same representations and warranties contained in the foregoing
paragraphs; and

          (j) this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and
delivered by it and constitutes a legal, valid, binding obligation of it,
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by equitable
limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such
enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   CONDITIONS

     SECTION 6.01 Conditions to Purchase. The Class A Note Purchaser will have
no obligation to purchase the amended and restated Class A Notes hereunder
unless:

          (a) each of the Basic Documents shall be in full force and effect and
all consents, waivers and approvals necessary for the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents shall have been obtained and
shall be in full force and effect;

          (b) at the time of such issuance, all conditions to the issuance of
the Class A Notes under the Indenture and under Section 2.1(b) of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement shall have been satisfied and all conditions to the initial
Class A Advance set forth under Section 6.02 hereof have been satisfied;

          (c) the Class A Note Purchaser shall have received a duly executed,
authorized and authenticated Class A Note registered as provided in Section 2.01
and stating that the principal amount thereof shall not exceed the Class A
Maximum Invested Amount;

          (d) the Issuer shall have paid all fees required to be paid by it on
or prior to the date hereof, including all fees required under Section 3.01
hereof;

          (e) the Class A Notes purchased by the Class A Note Purchaser
hereunder shall be entitled to the benefit of the security provided in the
Indenture and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the
Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms;

          (f) no Material Adverse Change shall have occurred with respect to CPS
or the Issuer since September 30, 2006;

          (g) the Class A Note Purchaser shall have received:

               (i) a duly executed and delivered original counterpart of each
          Basic Document (other than any Basic Document that contemplates
          delivery on a date that is after the Class B Closing Date), each such
          document being in full force and effect;


                                      -12-
<PAGE>

               (ii) certified copies of charter documents and each amendment
          thereto, and resolutions of (A) the Board of Directors of each of the
          Issuer and the Servicer authorizing or ratifying the execution,
          delivery and performance, respectively, of all Basic Documents to
          which it is a party, (B) the issuance of Class A Notes contemplated
          hereunder and the issuance of the Class B Notes contemplated under the
          Class B Note Purchase Agreement and (C) the granting of the security
          interests contemplated under the Basic Documents, certified by the
          Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each of the Issuer and the
          Servicer as of the Class A Closing Date, which certificate shall state
          that the resolutions thereby certified have not been amended,
          modified, revoked or rescinded as of the date of such certificate;

               (iii) a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of
          the Issuer and the Servicer, as applicable, certifying the names and
          the signatures of its officer or officers authorized to sign all
          transaction documents to which it is a party;

               (iv) a certificate of a senior officer of CPS to the effect that
          the representations and warranties of the Seller and the Servicer in
          this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it is a party
          are true and correct as of the date hereof, and that the Seller and
          the Servicer have complied in all material respects with all
          agreements and satisfied all conditions on their part to be performed
          or satisfied at or prior to the date hereof;

               (v) a certificate of a senior officer of the Issuer to the effect
          that the representations and warranties of the Issuer and the
          Purchaser in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which it
          is a party are true and correct as of the Class A Closing Date and
          that the Issuer and the Purchaser have complied in all material
          respects with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on their
          part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the date hereof;

               (vi) legal opinions (including opinions relating to true sale,
          non-consolidation, UCC, enforceability and corporate matters, any of
          which may take the form of a "bring-down" opinion from the opinions
          issued on the Class A Closing Date) in form and substance satisfactory
          to the Class A Note Purchaser;

               (vii) evidence satisfactory to the Class A Note Purchaser of
          completion of all necessary UCC filings and search reports;

               (viii) payment of Class A Note Purchaser's reasonable
          out-of-pocket fees and expenses in accordance with Section 3.01(c)
          hereof;

               (ix) copies of certificates (long form) or other evidence from
          the Secretary of State or other appropriate authority of the States of
          Delaware and California, evidencing the good standing of the Issuer
          and the Servicer in the States of Delaware and California, in each
          case, dated no earlier than 15 days prior to the Class B Closing Date;

               (x) copies (which may be delivered in electronic format) of any
          commitment or agreement between the Issuer and the Servicer and any
          lender or other financial institution, other than any such commitment
          or agreement (or portion thereof) which the Class A Note Purchaser
          specifically agrees are not required to be delivered hereunder; and

               (xi) such other documents, opinions and information as the Class
          A Note Purchaser may reasonably request; and

          (h) the Class A Note Purchaser shall have completed to its
satisfaction its due diligence review of the Issuer and the Servicer and its
respective management, controlling stockholders, systems, underwriting,
servicing and collection operations, static pool performance and its loan files.


                                      -13-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 6.02 Conditions to Each Class A Advance. The obligation of the
Class A Note Purchaser to fund any Class A Advance on any day (including the
initial Class A Advance) shall be subject to the conditions precedent that on
the date of such Class A Advance, before and after giving effect thereto and to
the application of any proceeds therefrom, the following statements shall be
true:

          (a) no Class A Funding Termination Event shall have occurred and be
continuing;

          (b) the Class A Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred and
will not occur as a result of making such Class A Advance and no default under
or breach of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or any other Basic Document exists
or will exist;

          (c) no later than four (4) Business Days prior to the requested Class
A Funding Date, the Class A Note Purchaser shall have received a properly
completed Class A Borrowing Base Certificate from the Servicer in the form of
Exhibit A hereto;

          (d) no later than four (4) Business Days prior to the requested Class
A Funding Date, the Class A Note Purchaser shall have received a properly
completed and executed Class A Advance Request, together with timely receipt of
each other item required pursuant to Section 2.03 hereof;

          (e) the Servicer shall have delivered to the Class A Note Purchaser
the Servicer's Certificate for the immediately preceding Accrual Period pursuant
to Section 4.9 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement;

          (f) such Class A Advance shall be in an amount not less than
$2,000,000;

          (g) no more than two Class A Advances shall be made in the same week;

          (h) after giving effect to such Class A Advance, the Class A Invested
Amount will not exceed the Class A Maximum Invested Amount;

          (i) the representations and warranties made by the Servicer, the
Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer and the Class B Note Purchaser in the Basic
Documents are true and correct as of the date of such requested Class A Advance,
with the same effect as though made on the date of such Class A Advance, and the
Class A Note Purchaser shall have received (I) a certificate from the Servicer
and the Seller to such effect with respect to its representations and warranties
and that the Servicer and the Seller have complied in all material respects with
all agreement and satisfied all conditions on their part to be performed or
satisfied at or prior to the related Class A Funding Date, and (II) a
certificate from the Issuer and the Purchaser to such effect with respect to its
representations and warranties and that the Issuer and the Purchaser have
complied in all material respects with all agreement and satisfied all
conditions on their part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the related
Class A Funding Date, which certifications, in each case, may be included in the
related Class A Advance Request;

          (j) the Trustee shall (in accordance with the procedures contemplated
in Section 3.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement) have confirmed receipt of
the related Receivable File for each Eligible Receivable included in the Class A
Borrowing Base calculation and shall have delivered to the Controlling Note
Purchaser (with a copy thereof to each other Note Purchaser) a Trust Receipt
with respect to the Receivable Files related to the Related Receivables to be
purchased on such Class A Funding Date, or if requested by the Class A Note
Purchaser, an aggregate Trust Receipt with respect to the Receivable Files for
all of the Receivables;

          (k) after giving effect to such Class A Advance, there shall be no
Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency;

          (l) all limitations and conditions specified in Section 2.02 of this
Agreement and in Section 2.1(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement shall have
been satisfied with respect to the making of such Class A Advance;

          (m) after giving effect to such Class A Advance, no Material Adverse
Change with respect to CPS or the Issuer shall have occurred and there shall
have been no Material Adverse Effect;


                                      -14-
<PAGE>

          (n) none of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer
shall have breached any of its covenants under the Basic Documents in any
material respect;

          (o) the Issuer shall have provided the Class A Note Purchaser with all
other information that the Class A Note Purchaser may reasonably require, if the
Class A Note Purchaser shall have given the Issuer reasonable advance notice of
such requirements;

          (p) all amounts due and owing to the Class A Noteholders and the Class
A Note Purchaser under this Agreement or any of the other Basic Documents shall
have been paid in full;

          (q) after giving effect to such Class A Advance and the application of
proceeds therefrom, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing on and as of the requested Class A Funding Date; and

          (r) on and as of the requested Class A Funding Date, each of the
representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.1 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement is true and correct for all Related Receivables being
pledged by the Issuer to the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and the
Note Purchasers under the Indenture on such date and each Related Receivable is
an Eligible Receivable. No such Related Receivable was originated in any
jurisdiction in which the Seller is required to be licensed in order to own such
Related Receivable unless the Seller has obtained such license prior to owning
such Related Receivable. With respect to each such Related Receivable, the
applicable Dealer or Consumer Lender (if such Consumer Lender is not the
Seller), as applicable, has either been paid or received credit from Seller for
all proceeds from the sale of such Related Receivable to the Seller.

          The giving of any notice pursuant to Section 2.03 shall constitute a
representation and warranty by the Issuer and the Servicer that all conditions
precedent to such Class A Advance have been satisfied.

                                   ARTICLE VII
                                    COVENANTS

     SECTION 7.01 Affirmative Covenants

     Until the Class A Facility Termination Date:

          (a) Notice of Defaults, Other Funding Termination Events, Litigation,
Adverse Judgments, Etc. CPS or the Issuer, as applicable, shall give notice to
each Note Purchaser promptly:

               (i) upon CPS or the Issuer, as the case may be, becoming aware
          of, and in any event within three (3) Business Days after, the
          occurrence of any Event of Default or Default or any Class B Event of
          Default or Class B Default or any event of default or default under
          any other Basic Document or any other material agreement of CPS;

               (ii) upon CPS or the Issuer, as the case may be, becoming aware
          of, and in any event within three (3) Business Days after, the
          occurrence of any Funding Termination Event,

               (iii) upon, and in any event within three (3) Business Days
          after, service of process on CPS or the Issuer, as the case may be, or
          any agent thereof for service of process, in respect of any legal or
          arbitrable proceedings affecting CPS or the Issuer (x) that questions
          or challenges the validity or enforceability of any of the Basic
          Documents, (y) in which the amount in controversy exceeds $1,000,000
          or (z) that, if adversely determined, would cause a Material Adverse
          Effect;

               (iv) upon, and in any event within three (3) Business Days after,
          CPS or the Issuer, as the case may be, becoming aware of any event or
          change in circumstances that could have a Material Adverse Effect,
          constitute a Material Adverse Change or cause an Event of Default or a
          Class B Event of Default; and


                                      -15-
<PAGE>

               (v) upon, and in any event within three (3) Business Days after,
          CPS or the Issuer, as the case may be, becoming aware of entry of a
          judgment or decree in respect of CPS or the Issuer, its respective
          assets or any of the Collateral in an amount in excess of $1,000,000.

          Each notice pursuant to this subsection (a) shall be accompanied by a
          statement of an officer of CPS or the Issuer, as applicable, setting
          forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what
          action CPS and the Issuer, as the case may be, have taken or propose
          to take with respect thereto.

          (b) Taxes. Each of CPS and the Issuer shall pay and discharge all
taxes and governmental charges upon it or against any of its properties or
assets or its income prior to the date after which penalties attach for failure
to pay, except to the extent that CPS or the Issuer, as applicable, shall be
contesting in good faith in appropriate proceedings its obligation to pay such
taxes or charges, adequate reserves having been set aside for the payment
thereof in accordance with GAAP.

          (c) Continuity of Business and Compliance With Agreement and Law. Each
of CPS and the Issuer shall:

               (i) preserve and maintain its legal existence;

               (ii) comply with the requirements of all applicable laws, rules,
          regulations and orders of governmental authorities and other
          Requirements of Law (including, without limitation, Consumer Laws and
          all environmental laws);

               (iii) keep adequate records and books of account, in which
          complete entries will be made in accordance with GAAP consistently
          applied;

               (iv) not move its chief executive office or chief operating
          office from the addresses referred to herein or change its
          jurisdiction of organization unless it shall have provided the Class A
          Note Purchaser 30 days prior written notice of such change;

               (v) pay and discharge all taxes, assessments and governmental
          charges or levies imposed on it or on its income or profits or on any
          of its property prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto,
          except for any such tax, assessment, charge or levy the payment of
          which is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and
          against which adequate reserves are being maintained; and

               (vi) continue in business in a prudent, reasonable and lawful
          manner with all licenses, rights, permits, franchises and
          qualifications necessary to perform its respective obligations under
          this Agreement, the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Notes and the
          other Basic Documents.

          (d) Ownership of the Issuer. CPS shall own beneficially and of record
100% of the membership interests in the Issuer free and clear of all Liens other
than the Lien created pursuant to the Pledge Agreement.

          (e) Class A Borrowing Base Certificates. The Issuer shall deliver to
the Class A Note Purchaser, together with each Class A Advance Request, a Class
A Borrowing Base Certificate in accordance with Section 2.03(a) hereof.

          (f) Collateral Statements. The Issuer will furnish or cause to be
furnished to the Class A Note Purchaser from time to time statements and
schedules further identifying and describing the Collateral and the Bear Cross
Collateral and such other reports in connection with the Collateral or the Bear
Cross Collateral as the Class A Note Purchaser may reasonably request, all in
reasonable detail, including without limitation each statement, certificate and
report required to be delivered to the Trustee or the Noteholders under any
Basic Document.


                                      -16-
<PAGE>

          (g) Actions to Enforce Rights under Contracts. CPS and the Issuer
shall take such reasonable and lawful actions as the Controlling Note Purchaser
shall request to enforce the rights of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders
under the Basic Documents with respect to the Collateral, and, following the
occurrence of an Event of Default, shall take such reasonable and lawful actions
as are necessary to enable the Controlling Note Purchaser to exercise such
rights in its own name.

          (h) Hedging Strategy. The Issuer shall implement and maintain a
hedging strategy that is reasonably acceptable to the Controlling Note
Purchaser; provided, that, for purposes of this subparagraph (h), a hedging
strategy consisting of the Seller sponsoring one or more securitizations of
pools of Receivables at least every 120 days during the term of the Class A
Notes shall be deemed acceptable to the Controlling Note Purchaser.

          (i) Monthly Servicer's Certificate. The Issuer shall, or shall cause
the Servicer (so long as CPS is Servicer) to, deliver to the Note Purchasers,
the Trustee and the Backup Servicer, no later than 12:00 noon, New York City
time, on each Determination Date, in a computer-readable format reasonably
acceptable to each such Person, a Servicer's Certificate executed by a
Responsible Officer or agent of Servicer containing all information required to
be included in such Servicer's Certificate under Section 4.9 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement and related monthly data. The Issuer shall, or shall cause
the Servicer (so long as the CPS is Servicer) to, deliver to each Note
Purchaser, the Trustee and the Backup Servicer a hard copy of any such
Servicer's Certificate upon request of such Person.

          (j) Separate Existence; No Commingling. During each Class A Term, the
Issuer shall limit its activities to such activities as are incident to and
necessary or convenient to accomplish the following purposes: (i) to acquire,
own, hold, pledge, finance and otherwise deal with Receivables to be pledged to
the Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant
to the Indenture and (ii) to sell, securitize or otherwise liquidate all or any
portion of such Receivables in accordance with the provisions of the Basic
Documents. In addition, during each Class A Term, the Issuer shall observe and
comply with the applicable legal requirements for the recognition of the Issuer
as a legal entity separate and apart from its Affiliates, including without
limitation, those requirements set forth in Section 9(b)(iv) of the Issuer's
Limited Liability Company Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, the Issuer
shall, and CPS shall cause itself and any other Affiliates of the Issuer to,
maintain the truth and accuracy of all facts assumed by Andrews Kurth LLP in the
true sale and non consolidation opinions of Andrews Kurth LLP; provided that in
the event that any request is made for the Class A Note Purchaser to consent to
or approve any matter that, if effectuated or consummated, would result in a
change to the continuing truth and accuracy of any of the factual assumptions in
the true sale or non-consolidation opinions of Andrews Kurth LLP, such request
shall be accompanied by an opinion of Andrews Kurth LLP, or such other counsel
as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Class A Note Purchaser, that the
conclusions set forth in the true sale and non- consolidation opinions of
Andrews Kurth LLP will be unaffected by such change.

          (k) Other Liens or Interests. Except for the conveyances under the
Sale and Servicing Agreement and the other Basic Documents, CPS shall not sell,
pledge, assign or transfer to any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume
or suffer to exist any lien on or any interest in, the Receivables or the Other
Conveyed Property. Except for the pledges pursuant to the Indenture and the
other Basic Documents, the Issuer shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to
any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any lien on
or any interest in, the Collateral or the Bear Cross Collateral (other than, in
the case of the Bear Cross Collateral, the lien created pursuant to Granting
Clause I of the Indenture), subject to the Intercreditor Agreement. CPS and the
Issuer shall, at their own expense and in each case subject to the Intercreditor
Agreement, defend (i) the Collateral and the Bear Cross Collateral against, and
will take such other action as is necessary to remove, any Lien, security
interest or claim on, in or to the Collateral or the Bear Cross Collateral,
other than the security interests created under the Basic Documents, (ii) the
right, title and interest of each Note Purchaser and each Noteholder in and to
any of the Collateral, and (iii) subject to the Lien created pursuant to
Granting Clause I of the Indenture, the right, title and interest of the UBS
Indenture Trustee, each Class B note purchaser and each Class B noteholder under
the UBS Basic Documents in and to any of the Bear Cross Collateral, in each case
against the claims and demands of all Persons whomsoever.

          (l) Books and Records; Other Information.


                                      -17-
<PAGE>

               (i) Each of CPS and the Issuer shall maintain accounts and
          records as to each Receivable accurately and in sufficient detail to
          permit the reader thereof to know at any time the status of such
          Receivable, including payments and recoveries made and payments owing
          (and the nature of each). CPS shall maintain accurate and complete
          books and records with respect to the Receivables and the Other
          Conveyed Property and with respect to CPS's business. The Issuer shall
          maintain accurate and complete books and records with respect to the
          Collateral and the Issuer's business. All accounting books and records
          shall be maintained in accordance with GAAP.

               (ii) CPS and the Issuer shall, and shall cause each of their
          respective Affiliates to, permit any representative of the Class A
          Note Purchaser to visit and inspect any of the properties of the
          Issuer and such Affiliates and to examine the books and records of CPS
          or the Issuer and such Affiliates, as applicable, and to make copies
          and take extracts therefrom, and to discuss the business, operations,
          properties, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of CPS or
          the Issuer and each such Affiliate, as applicable, or any of the
          Collateral with the officers and independent public accountants
          thereof and as often as the Class A Note Purchaser may reasonably
          request, and so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have
          occurred and be continuing, all at such reasonable times during normal
          business hours upon reasonable written notice; provided that, after a
          Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the
          Class A Note Purchaser may make such inspections, examine such
          documents, make such copies, take such extracts and conduct such
          discussions at such times as it may determine in its sole discretion
          during CPS's and the Issuer's normal business hours.

               (iii) Each of CPS and the Issuer shall promptly provide to the
          Class A Note Purchaser all information regarding its respective
          operations and practices and the Collateral as the Class A Note
          Purchaser shall reasonably request.

               (iv) CPS shall maintain its computer systems so that, from and
          after the time of each sale of Receivables under the Sale and
          Servicing Agreement to the Issuer, CPS's master computer records
          (including any back-up archives) that refer to a Receivable shall
          indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold by CPS to the
          Issuer and that such Receivable has been pledged by the Issuer to the
          Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders.
          Indication of the Trustee's interest in such Receivable shall be
          deleted from or modified on CPS's computer systems when, and only
          when, the Receivable shall have been released from the Lien of the
          Indenture in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, and
          indication of the Issuer's interest in such Receivable shall be
          deleted from or modified on CPS's computer systems when, and only
          when, the Receivable shall have been paid in full or repurchased from
          the Issuer by CPS.

               (v) Upon request, CPS shall furnish to the Class A Note
          Purchaser, within five (5) Business Days, (x) a list of all
          Receivables (by contract number and name of Obligor) then owned by the
          Issuer, together with a reconciliation of such list to the Schedule of
          Receivables, and (y) such other information as the Class A Note
          Purchaser may reasonably request.

               (vi) If at any time CPS shall propose to sell, grant a security
          interest in, or otherwise transfer any interest in any automobile,
          van, sport utility vehicle or light duty truck receivables (other than
          the Receivables) to any prospective purchaser, lender, or other
          transferee, and if CPS shall give to such prospective purchaser,
          lender or other transferee computer tapes, records, or print-outs
          (including any restored from back-up archives, collectively "data
          records") that refer in any manner whatsoever to any Receivable, such
          data records shall indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold
          by CPS to the Issuer and pledged by the Issuer to Trustee for the
          benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders unless such
          Receivable shall have been released from the Lien of the Indenture in
          accordance with the terms of the Indenture and shall have been paid in
          full or repurchased from the Issuer by CPS.

          (m) Fulfillment of Obligations. Each of CPS and the Issuer shall pay
and perform, as and when due, all of its obligations of whatever nature, except
where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect
thereto have been provided on the books of CPS or the Issuer, as applicable.


                                      -18-
<PAGE>

          (n) Compliance with Laws, Etc. Each of CPS and the Issuer shall, and
CPS shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply (i) in all material respects
with all Requirements of Law and any change therein or in the application,
administration or interpretation thereof (including, without limitation any
request, directive, guideline or policy, whether or not having the force of law)
by any Governmental Authority charged with the administration or interpretation
thereof; and (ii) with all indentures, mortgages, deeds of trust, agreements, or
other instruments or contractual obligations to which it is a party, including
without limitation, each Basic Document to which it is a party, or by which it
or any of its properties may be bound or affected, or which may affect the
Receivables.

          (o) Compliance with Basic Documents. CPS, in its capacity as Seller
and Servicer, or otherwise, shall comply with each of its covenants contained in
the Basic Documents.

          (p) Financing Statements. At the request of the Controlling Note
Purchaser, CPS and the Issuer shall file such financing statements as the
Controlling Note Purchaser determines may be required by law to perfect,
maintain and protect the interest of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders in
the Collateral and the proceeds thereof.

          (q) Payment of Fees and Expenses. CPS and the Issuer shall pay to the
Class A Note Purchaser, on demand, any and all fees, costs or expenses that the
Class A Note Purchaser pays to a bank or other similar institution arising out
of or in connection with the return of payments from CPS or the Issuer deposited
for collection by the Class A Note Purchaser.

          (r) Financial Statements and Access to Records. CPS shall provide the
Class A Note Purchaser with quarterly unaudited financial statements within
sixty (60) days of the end of each of CPS's first three fiscal quarters, and CPS
will provide the Class A Note Purchaser with audited financial statements within
one hundred twenty (120) days of each of CPS's fiscal year-end audited by a
nationally recognized independent certified public accounting firm. Upon request
of the Class A Note Purchaser, CPS shall provide the Class A Note Purchaser with
unaudited monthly financial statements. CPS shall deliver to the Class A Note
Purchaser with each financial statement a certificate by CPS's chief financial
officer, certifying that such financial statements are complete and correct in
all material respects and that, except as noted in such certificate, such chief
financial officer has no knowledge of any Default, Event of Default, Funding
Termination Event or Servicer Termination Event. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
CPS shall have no obligation to deliver any of the foregoing financial
statements to the Class A Note Purchaser for so long as CPS is subject to, and
in compliance with, the reporting requirements under Section 13(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). In connection
with each report filed by CPS under Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act during the
Class A Term, CPS shall be deemed to have represented and warranted to the Class
A Note Purchaser that, as of the related filing date, the financial statements
contained in such report are complete and correct in all material respects and
that, unless otherwise specified in such report, CPS has no knowledge of any
Default, Event of Default, Funding Termination Event or Servicer Termination
Event as of such filing date.

          (s) Litigation Matters. CPS shall notify the Class A Note Purchaser in
writing, promptly upon its learning thereof, of any litigation, arbitration or
administrative proceeding which may reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect or result in a Material Adverse Change.

          (t) Notice of Change of Chief Executive Office. CPS and the Issuer
shall provide the Controlling Note Purchaser with not less than thirty (30) days
prior written notice of any change in the chief executive office or jurisdiction
of incorporation or organization of CPS or the Issuer to permit the Controlling
Note Purchaser to make any additional filings necessary to continue the
Trustee's perfected security interest in the Collateral for the benefit of the
Note Purchasers and the Noteholders.

          (u) Consolidated Total Adjusted Equity. CPS shall maintain minimum
Consolidated Total Adjusted Equity of $60,000,000 as of the end of each fiscal
quarter.

          (v) Maximum Leverage Ratio. CPS shall maintain a maximum leverage
ratio (total liabilities less all non-recourse debt/Consolidated Total Adjusted
Equity) of less than six times as of the end of each fiscal quarter.

          (w) Liquidity. CPS shall maintain cash and cash equivalents of at
least $8.5 million as of the end of each calendar month.


                                      -19-
<PAGE>

          (x) Deposit Account. All distributions made by the Issuer to CPS in
respect of CPS's equity interest in the Issuer shall be deposited directly into
the Deposit Account.

     SECTION 7.02 Negative Covenants. Until the Class A Facility Termination
Date:

          (a) Adverse Transactions. Neither CPS nor the Issuer shall enter into
any transaction that adversely affects the Collateral, the Bear Cross
Collateral, the Class A Note Purchaser's rights under this Agreement, the Notes
or any other Basic Document, the Issuer's interest in the Receivables and the
Other Conveyed Property pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the
Trustee's security interest in the Collateral pursuant to the Indenture, or that
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect
to the Issuer or CPS or a Material Adverse Event.

          (b) Guarantees. The Issuer shall not guarantee or otherwise in any way
become liable with respect to the obligations or liabilities of any other
Person.

          (c) Dividends. The Issuer shall not declare or pay any dividends
except (i) to the extent of funds legally available therefor from payments
received by the Issuer pursuant to Section 5.7(a) of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, or (ii) pursuant to Section 5.10 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement,
in each case in compliance with Section 7.01(x) of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not declare or pay any dividends
on any date as of which a Default or an Event of Default or a Class B Default or
a Class B Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing.

          (d) Investments. The Issuer shall not make any investment in any
Person through the direct or indirect holding of securities or otherwise, other
than in the ordinary course of business or in connection with the future
securitization of Receivables.

          (e) Changes in Capital Structure or Business Objectives of the Issuer.
The Issuer shall not do any of the following if it will adversely affect the
payment or performance of, or the Issuer's ability to pay and/or perform, its
obligations to the Class A Note Purchaser with respect to this Agreement or any
other Basic Document to which it is a party, or the Notes, or if it could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to
the Issuer or CPS or a Material Adverse Event: (i) cancel any of the membership
interests in the Issuer, (ii) make any change in the capital structure of the
Issuer, or (iii) make any material change in any of its business objectives,
purposes or operations that would adversely affect the payment or performance
of, or the Issuer's ability to pay and/or perform, its obligations to Class A
Note Purchaser with respect to this Agreement or any other Basic Document to
which it is a party, or the Notes.

          (f) Asset Sales. The Issuer will not sell any Receivables or other
Collateral related thereto if, following such sale, the Class A Invested Amount
would exceed the Class A Borrowing Base after giving effect to the application
of proceeds of such sale; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit a
foreclosure sale by or on behalf of the Class A Noteholders or the Class A Note
Purchaser upon the occurrence of an Event of Default; provided further that in
the event that the Issuer or CPS shall intend to sell any Receivables in a
whole-loan transfer to any third party, the Issuer or CPS shall inform Class A
Note Purchaser of such prospective sale and Class A Note Purchaser shall be
permitted to bid on such Receivables in the same bidding process as that in
which any third party is permitted to bid on such Receivables.

          (g) No Liens on Equity Interests in the Issuer. Other than the Lien
created pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, CPS shall not grant or otherwise
create any Lien on the membership interests in the Issuer (or any other equity
interest in the Issuer) without the prior written consent of the Controlling
Note Purchaser.

          (h) No Indebtedness. The Issuer will not at any time incur any
Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness incurred under (or contemplated by) the
terms of the Basic Documents.


                                      -20-
<PAGE>

          (i) No Other Business. The Issuer will not at any time engage in any
other business activities than the purchase of the Receivables and the Other
Conveyed Property, pledging the Receivables and the other Collateral to the
Trustee for the benefit of the Note Purchasers and the Noteholders pursuant to
Granting Clause I of the Indenture, pledging the Pledged Subordinate Securities
to the Trustee for the benefit of the Class B Note Purchasers and the Class B
Noteholders pursuant to Granting Clause II of the Indenture, pledging the Bear
Cross Collateral, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, to the UBS Indenture
Trustee for the benefit of the Class B note purchasers and the Class B
noteholders under the UBS Basic Documents pursuant to Granting Clause III of the
Indenture, transferring the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property in
connection with Securitization Transactions and in connection with whole-loan
sales, acquiring the Pledged Subordinate Securities in connection with
Securitization Transactions, issuing the Notes and other activities relating to
the foregoing to the extent permitted by the organizational documents of the
Issuer as in effect on the date hereof, or as amended with the prior written
consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser. Without limitation of the foregoing,
the Issuer will not at any time be an issuer of securities other than the Notes
or a borrower under any loan or financing agreement, facility or other
arrangement other than the facilities established pursuant to this Agreement and
the other Basic Documents.

          (j) No Amendment to Issuer's Operating Agreement or any Basic Document
without Consent. Neither the Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Issuer,
nor any Basic Document, shall be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
without the prior written consent of the Controlling Note Purchaser.

          (k) Transactions with Affiliates. The Issuer shall not enter into, or
be a party to, any transaction with any of its Affiliates, except in accordance
with the requirements set forth in Section 9(b)(iv) of the LLC Agreement.

          (l) Nonpetition. Notwithstanding any prior termination of this
Agreement, neither the Servicer nor the Seller will, prior to the date that is
one year and one day after the day upon which the outstanding principal amount
of each class of Notes has been reduced to zero and all Secured Obligations and
any and all other amounts due and owing to the Class A Note Purchaser and the
Class A Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents have been paid in full,
acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer to invoke the
process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or
sustaining a case against the Issuer under any federal or state bankruptcy,
insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or any
substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of
the affairs of the Issuer.

          (m) Protection of Title to Collateral. None of the Seller, the
Servicer, the Purchaser or the Issuer shall change its name, identity,
jurisdiction of organization, form of organization or corporate structure in any
manner that would, could or might make any financing statement or continuation
statement filed with respect to the Collateral, the Bear Cross Collateral or the
Deposit Account seriously misleading within the meaning of Section 9-506(a) of
the UCC, unless it shall have given each Note Purchaser at least 30 days' prior
written notice thereof and shall have promptly filed appropriate amendments to
all previously filed financing statements or continuation statements.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     SECTION 8.01 Amendments. No amendment to or waiver of any provision of this
Agreement, nor consent to any departure by CPS, the Issuer or the Class A Note
Purchaser therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in
writing and signed by CPS, the Issuer and the Class A Note Purchaser.

     SECTION 8.02 No Waiver; Remedies. Any waiver, consent or approval given by
the Controlling Note Purchaser or any party hereto (other than any waiver,
consent or approval which is contemplated by the express terms of this Agreement
or any other Basic Document) shall be effective only in the specific instance
and for the specific purpose for which given, and no waiver by a party of any
breach or default under this Agreement or any other Basic Document shall be
deemed a waiver of any other breach or default. No failure on the part of the
Controlling Note Purchaser or any party hereto to exercise, and no delay in
exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any right hereunder, or any abandonment or
discontinuation of steps to enforce the right, power or privilege, preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Any waiver
consent or approval given by the Controlling Note Purchaser under this Agreement
or any other Basic Document shall be binding upon each Class A Noteholder and
each Class B Noteholder and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
No notice to or demand on any party hereto in any case shall entitle such party
to any other or further notice or demand in the same, similar or other
circumstances. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of
any remedies provided by law.


                                      -21-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 8.03 Binding on Successors and Assigns.

          (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of,
the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, the Class A Note Purchaser
and their respective successors and assigns; provided, however, that none of the
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer may assign its rights or
obligations hereunder or in connection herewith or any interest herein
(voluntarily, by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written
consent of the Class A Note Purchaser. Nothing expressed herein is intended or
shall be construed to give any Person other than the Persons referred to in the
preceding sentence any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in
respect of this Agreement.

          (b) The Class A Note Purchaser may at any time grant a security
interest in and Lien on all of its interests under this Agreement, the Class A
Notes and all Basic Documents to any Person who, at any time now or in the
future, provides program liquidity or credit enhancement, including without
limitation, a surety bond or financial guaranty insurance policy for the benefit
of the Class A Note Purchaser. The Class A Note Purchaser may assign the Class A
Commitment or all of its interest under the Class A Notes, this Agreement and
the Basic Documents to (i) any Affiliate of the Class A Note Purchaser at any
time, (ii) to any other Person at any time that a Default has occurred and is
continuing and (iii) at any other time with the prior written consent of the
Issuer; provided that as a condition precedent to any such assignment, the
assignee of the Class A Note Purchaser shall execute an agreement pursuant to
which it agrees to assume and perform all of the obligations of the Class A Note
Purchaser under the Basic Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is
understood and agreed by the Issuer that the Class A Notes may be sold,
transferred or pledged without the consent of the Issuer and without the
execution of any such assumption agreement in compliance with, and as provided
for under, Section 5.03(g). Notwithstanding any other provisions set forth in
this Agreement, the Class A Note Purchaser may at any time create a security
interest in all of its rights under this Agreement, the Class A Notes and the
Basic Documents in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with
Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

          (c) If, on or after the date of this Agreement, the Class A Note
Purchaser reasonably determines that the adoption of any applicable law, rule or
regulation, or any change in any applicable law, rule or regulation or any
change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental
Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or
administration thereof, or compliance by the Class A Note Purchaser with any
request or directive issued on or after the date of this Agreement (whether or
not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable
agency, has made or would be likely to make it unlawful for the Class A Note
Purchaser to purchase the Class A Advances, hold the Class A Notes or otherwise
to perform the transactions contemplated to be performed by it pursuant to this
Agreement and those contemplated to be performed by it pursuant to the Basic
Documents to which the Class A Note Purchaser is a party, then (i) the Class A
Note Purchaser shall so notify the Issuer; (ii) the obligation of the Class A
Note Purchaser to purchase the Class A Advances from time to time as
contemplated hereunder shall be suspended; and (iii) the Class A Note Purchaser
may assign its rights and obligations hereunder and under the Basic Documents,
the Class A Notes and its interests therein pursuant to and in compliance with
Section 8.03(b); provided that a Class A Funding Termination Event shall occur
if the Issuer or the Servicer fails to accept the proposed assignee chosen by
the Class A Note Purchaser.

     SECTION 8.04 Termination; Survival. The obligations and responsibilities of
the Class A Note Purchaser created hereby shall terminate on the Class A
Facility Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all covenants,
agreements, representations, warranties and indemnities made by the Servicer,
the Seller, the Purchaser and/or the Issuer herein and/or in the Class A Notes
delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the purchase and the repayment of the
Class A Advances and the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Class
A Notes and shall continue in full force and effect until all interest and
principal on the Class A Notes and other amounts owed hereunder and under the
other Basic Documents have been paid in full and the commitment of the Class A
Note Purchaser hereunder has been terminated. In addition, the obligations of
the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer under Sections 3.02,
3.03, 3.04, 3.05(b), 8.05, 8.11, 8.12 and 8.13 shall survive the termination of
this Agreement.


                                      -22-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 8.05 Indemnification. In consideration of the Class A Note
Purchaser's execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Issuer, the Purchaser,
the Seller and the Servicer, jointly and severally, hereby agree to indemnify
and hold the Class A Note Purchaser and each of its officers, directors,
employees and agents (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and
against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, losses, costs, liabilities
and damages, and reasonable expenses incurred in connection therewith, as
incurred (irrespective of whether any such Indemnified Party is a party to the
action for which indemnification hereunder is sought and including, without
limitation, any liability in connection with the offering and sale of the
Notes), including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements (collectively,
the "Indemnified Liabilities"), incurred by the Indemnified Parties or any of
them (whether in prosecuting or defending against such actions, suits or claims)
as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to:

               (i) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in
          part (including, without limitation, any Receivable constituting part
          of the Collateral), directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of any
          Class A Advance including, without limitation, any claim, suit or
          action related to such transaction, which claim is based on a
          violation of Consumer Laws or any applicable vicarious liability
          statutes, or the use or operation of any Financed Vehicle by any
          Person; or

               (ii) this Agreement or any other Basic Document, or the entering
          into and performance of this Agreement or any other Basic Document by
          any of the Indemnified Parties,

except for any such Indemnified Liabilities arising for the account of a
particular Indemnified Party by reason of the relevant Indemnified Party's gross
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct and, with respect to the Servicer,
excluding any Indemnified Liabilities that would constitute recourse to the
Servicer for loss by reason of the bankruptcy, insolvency (or other credit
condition) of, or credit-related default by the related Obligor on any
Receivable and not arising from defaults by the related Obligor arising from a
claim by the related Obligor that any part of the debt evidenced by the
Receivables is not due as a result of wrongful action by any Person, such as a
breach of Consumer Laws. If and to the extent that the foregoing undertaking may
be unenforceable for any reason, the Issuer and the Servicer hereby jointly and
severally agree to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction
of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable
law. The indemnity set forth in this Section 8.05 shall in no event include
indemnification for any Taxes (which indemnification is provided in Section
3.04). Upon the written request of the Class A Note Purchaser pursuant to this
Section 8.05, the Issuer and the Servicer shall promptly reimburse the Class A
Note Purchaser for the amount of any such Indemnified Liabilities incurred by
the Class A Note Purchaser.

     SECTION 8.06 Characterization as Basic Document; Entire Agreement. This
Agreement shall be deemed to be a Basic Document for all purposes of the
Indenture and the other Basic Documents. This Agreement, together with the
Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the documents delivered pursuant to
Section 6.01 and the other Basic Documents, including the exhibits and schedules
thereto, contains a final and complete integration of all prior expressions by
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall
constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter hereof, superseding all previous oral statements and other
writings with respect thereto.

     SECTION 8.07 Notices. All notices, amendments, waivers, consents and other
communications provided to any party hereto under this Agreement shall be in
writing and addressed, delivered or transmitted to such party at its address or
facsimile number set forth below its signature hereto or at such other address
or facsimile number as may be designated by such party in a notice to the other
parties. Any notice, if mailed and properly addressed with postage prepaid or if
properly addressed and sent by pre-paid courier service, shall be deemed given
when received; any notice, if transmitted by facsimile, shall be deemed given
when transmitted and accompanied by telephonic confirmation of receipt.

     SECTION 8.08 Severability of Provisions. Any covenant, provision, agreement
or term of this Agreement that is prohibited or is held to be void or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of the prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the
remaining provisions of this Agreement.


                                      -23-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 8.09 Tax Characterization. Each party to this Agreement (a)
acknowledges that it is the intent of the parties to this Agreement that, for
accounting purposes and for all Federal, state and local income and franchise
tax purposes, the Class A Notes will be treated as evidence of indebtedness
issued by the Issuer, (b) agrees to treat the Class A Notes for all such
purposes as indebtedness and (c) agrees that the provisions of the Basic
Documents shall be construed to further these intentions.

     SECTION 8.10 Full Recourse to Issuer. The obligations of the Issuer under
this Agreement and the other Basic Documents shall be full recourse obligations
of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no recourse shall be had for the
payment of any amount owing in respect of this Agreement, including the payment
of any fee hereunder or any other obligation or claim arising out of or based
upon this Agreement, against any certificateholder, member, employee, officer,
manager, director, affiliate or trustee of the Issuer; provided, however,
nothing in this Section 8.10 shall relieve any of the foregoing Persons from any
liability that any such Person may otherwise have as expressly set forth in any
Basic Document or for its gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.
Nothing contained in this Section shall limit or be deemed to limit any
obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer hereunder
or under any other Basic Document, which obligations are full recourse
obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer,
respectively.

     SECTION 8.11 Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK,
WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF
THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE
PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

     SECTION 8.12 Submission to Jurisdiction. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING
WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND BY
EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO CONSENTS,
FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF
THOSE COURTS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION,
INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM
NON CONVENIENS, OR ANY LEGAL PROCESS WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ANY OF ITS
PROPERTY, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT
RELATED HERETO. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY
SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS
PERMITTED BY NEW YORK LAW.

     SECTION 8.13 Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH WAIVE THEIR
RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON
OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY
PARTY AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT
CLAIMS OR OTHERWISE. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE
OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE
FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR
OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR
ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL
APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO
THIS AGREEMENT.

     SECTION 8.14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts (which may include facsimile) and by the different parties hereto
in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be
an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. Any signature page to this Agreement containing a manual signature
may be delivered by facsimile transmission or other electronic communication
device capable of transmitting or creating a printable written record, and when
so delivered shall have the effect of delivery of an original manually signed
signature page.


                                      -24-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 8.15 Set-Off. The obligations of the Issuer, the Purchaser, the
Seller and the Servicer hereunder are absolute and unconditional and each of the
Issuer, the Purchaser, the Seller and the Servicer expressly waives any and all
rights of set-off, abatement, diminution or deduction that the Issuer, the
Purchaser, the Seller or the Servicer may otherwise at any time have under
applicable law.

          (b) In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under
applicable law and not by way of limitation of such rights, during the
continuance of any Event of Default hereunder:

               (i) the Class A Note Purchaser is hereby authorized at any time
          and from time to time, without notice to the Purchaser or the Issuer,
          such notice being hereby expressly waived, to set-off any obligation
          owing by the Class A Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to the
          Purchaser or the Issuer, or against any funds or other property of the
          Purchaser or the Issuer, held by or otherwise in the possession of the
          Class A Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, the respective
          obligations of the Purchaser and the Issuer to the Class A Note
          Purchaser under this Agreement and the other Basic Documents and
          irrespective of whether or not the Class A Note Purchaser shall have
          made any demand hereunder or thereunder; and

               (ii) the Class A Note Purchaser is hereby authorized at any time
          and from time to time, without notice to the Seller or the Servicer,
          such notice being hereby expressly waived, to set-off any obligation
          owing by the Class A Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to the
          Seller or the Servicer, or against any funds or other property of the
          Seller or the Servicer held by or otherwise in the possession of the
          Class A Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, the respective
          obligations of the Seller and the Servicer to the Class A Note
          Purchaser under this Agreement and the other Basic Documents and
          irrespective of whether or not the Class A Note Purchaser shall have
          made any demand hereunder or thereunder.

     SECTION 8.16 Nonpetition Covenants. Notwithstanding any prior termination
of this Agreement, the Servicer and the Seller shall not, prior to the date that
is one year and one day after the day upon which the outstanding principal
amount of each class of Notes has been reduced to zero and all Secured
Obligations and any and all other amounts due and owing to the Note Purchasers
and the Noteholders pursuant to the Basic Documents have been paid in full,
acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Purchaser or the Issuer to
invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose of
commencing or sustaining a case against the Purchaser or the Issuer under any
federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver,
liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official
of the Purchaser of the Issuer or any substantial part of its property, or
ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Purchaser or the
Issuer.

     SECTION 8.17 Servicer References. All references to the Servicer herein
shall apply to CPS, in its capacity as the initial Servicer, and not to a
successor Servicer.

     SECTION 8.18 Confidentiality; Press Releases. Unless required by law or
regulation to do so or otherwise expressly permitted by the Basic Documents,
neither the Class A Note Purchaser on the one hand, nor any of the Seller, the
Servicer, the Purchaser or the Issuer on the other hand, shall publish or
otherwise disclose any information relating to the material terms of the Class A
Commitment or the Class B Commitment (including, without limitation, the Market
Value calculations), any of the Basic Documents or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby to any Person (other than its own advisors to the extent
reasonably necessary) without the prior written consent of the other; provided
that nothing herein shall be construed to prohibit any party from issuing a
press release announcing the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
the Basic Documents. Any party hereto issuing any such press release hereby
agrees to provide the other parties hereto with a reasonable opportunity to
review and comment on such press release prior to the issuance thereof. No party
shall publish any press release naming the other party to which such other
parties shall have reasonably objected. For avoidance of doubt, it is agreed
that Seller is required by law (i) to report its entry into this Agreement and
the other Basic Documents in a current report on Form 8-K of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, which report must file as exhibits at least this Agreement,
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and the Indenture, and (ii) to make reference
to such agreements and the Commitment in its periodic reports to be filed
respecting time periods that include all or part of the Class A Term. This
confidentiality agreement shall apply to any and all information relating to the
Commitment, any of the Basic Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby at any time on or after the date hereof.


                                      -25-
<PAGE>

     SECTION 8.19 Intercreditor Agreement to Control. The rights, obligations
and remedies of the parties to this Agreement and under the other Basic
Documents are subject in all respects to the terms and provisions of the
Intercreditor Agreement; provided, however that to the extent such rights,
obligations and remedies relate to the UBS Cross Collateral, such rights,
obligations and remedies are subject in all respects to the terms and provisions
of the UBS Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the
terms of this Agreement or any other Basic Document and the Intercreditor
Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement shall control. In addition, in the event
of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement or any other Basic Document
and the UBS Intercreditor Agreement that relates to the UBS Cross Collateral,
the UBS Intercreditor Agreement shall control.

                     [Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank]





                                      -26-
<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be duly executed by their duly authorized officers and delivered as of the day
and year first above written.


                                    PAGE THREE FUNDING LLC, as Issuer and
                                    Purchaser


                                    By:_________________________________________
                                    Name:_______________________________________
                                    Title:______________________________________


                                    Address:     16355 Laguna Canyon Road
                                                 Irvine, California  92618
                                    Attention:   Company Secretary
                                    Telephone:   949-753-6800
                                    Facsimile:   949-753-6897



                                    CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC., as CPS,
                                    Seller and Servicer


                                    By:_________________________________________
                                    Name:_______________________________________
                                    Title:______________________________________


                                    Address:     16355 Laguna Canyon Road
                                                 Irvine, California  92618
                                    Attention:   Corporate Secretary
                                    Telephone:   (949) 785-6691
                                    Facsimile:   (888) 577-7923



                                    BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC., as Class A Note
                                    Purchaser and as initial Class A Noteholder


                                    By:_________________________________________
                                    Name:_______________________________________
                                    Title:______________________________________

                                    383 Madison Ave., 10th Floor
                                    Attention: Brant Brooks
                                    New York, New York 10179
                                    Telephone: 212-272-6601
                                    Facsimile: 917-849-1126

                                    w/ a copy to:

                                    Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.,
                                    383 Madison Ave.
                                    Attention: General Counsel
                                    New York, New York 10179


                                     Annex-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cps_10kex14-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF OPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.14.1

OPTION AGREEMENT - CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC.

THIS OPTION AGREEMENT (THIS "AGREEMENT") IS THE "OPTION AGREEMENT" REFERRED TO
ON THE REVERSE SIDE OF THIS PAGE. THE REVERSE SIDE OF THIS PAGE IS CAPTIONED
"NOTICE OF GRANT OF STOCK OPTIONS AND OPTION AGREEMENT" (HEREIN, THE "NOTICE").

The Notice and this Agreement are to be read and interpreted as ONE DOCUMENT and
are hereafter referred to, together, as "this Option."

This Option is by and between Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., a California
corporation (referred to herein, together with its subsidiaries, as the
"Company" or "Consumer Portfolio Services") and the "Optionee." This Option is
issued pursuant to the Company's 2006 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (referred
to herein as the "Plan" or "Company's Stock Option Plan") and is designated by
the Option Number recorded on the Notice. Capitalized terms used in this Option
and not otherwise defined have the meanings given in the Plan. As used in this
Option, the following terms have the meanings given below:


    "Optionee" means the individual named on the Notice

    "Date of Grant"means the date recorded next to the word "Effective" on the
    Notice

    "Expiration Date" means the date recorded one or more times under the word
    "Expiration" in the Notice

    "Maximum Grant"means the number preceding the word "shares" in the first
    paragraph of the Notice

    "Option Price" means the price per share of the stock as recorded in the
    first paragraph of the Notice


1. GRANT OF OPTION. The Company hereby grants to Optionee the option to
purchase, upon and subject to the terms and conditions of this Option and of the
Plan, all or any part of the Maximum Grant of the Company's common stock (also
referred to in the Notice as "stock"), at the Option Price specified above. The
shares so purchased or available for purchase are referred to herein as the
"Option Shares." This Option is not intended to qualify as an incentive option
within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.

2. EXERCISABILITY. (a) This Option shall become exercisable in a single
installment, in full on the date specified on the Notice. This Option shall
remain exercisable as to all shares until the Expiration Date, at which time it
shall expire in its entirety, unless this Option has expired or terminated
earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof or of the Plan. In all events,
the number of shares that may be purchased at any time under this Option is
reduced by the number of shares previously so purchased.

     (b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a), upon the occurrence of a Change of
Control (as such term is defined in the Plan), any and all installments of
shares that have not become exercisable according to the vesting schedule on the
Notice shall automatically become exercisable on such date. This Option shall
remain exercisable as to all of such shares until the Expiration Date, at which
time it shall expire in its entirety, unless this Option has expired or
terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof or of the Plan. In
all events, the number of shares that may be purchased at any time under this
Option is reduced by the number of shares previously so purchased.

                                      -1-
<PAGE>

3. EXERCISE OF OPTION. This Option may be exercised by written notice delivered
to the Company stating the number of Option Shares with respect to which this
Option is being exercised, together with the full Option Price of such shares in
cash, bank cashier's check, or such other form of payment as may be permitted by
resolution of the board of directors of the Company or the committee of said
board charged with administration of the Plan (said board or committee, the
"Administrator"). Not less than ten (10) Option Shares may be purchased at any
one time unless the number purchased is the total number that remains to be
purchased under this Option, and in no event may this Option be exercised with
respect to fractional shares. Upon exercise, the Optionee shall make appropriate
arrangements and shall be responsible for the withholding of any federal or
state income or employment taxes then due. Optionee agrees that the Company may
decline to permit exercise in the absence of such withholding arrangements.

4. NOTIFICATION OF SALE. Optionee agrees that Optionee, or any person acquiring
Option Shares upon exercise of this Option, will notify the Company in writing
not more than one (1) business day after any sale or other disposition of such
shares.

5. CESSATION OF SERVICE. Except as provided in Paragraphs 7, 8 or 12 hereof, if
the Optionee ceases to serve as a director of the Company or any Subsidiary of
the Company, this Option shall expire three months thereafter, but not later
than the Expiration Date specified in Paragraph 2 hereof; provided, however,
that if the termination of service is the result of Optionee's death or
disability, then this Option shall expire one year after the termination of
service, but not later than the Expiration Date specified in Paragraph 2 hereof.
During such period or extended period after termination of service, this Option
shall be exercisable only to the extent, if any, that it had become exercisable
on the date of termination, and any rights of Optionee with respect to Option
Shares not exercisable as of such date shall expire and terminate automatically
on such date.

6. REDUCTION IN STATUS. [not applicable]

7. TERMINATION FOR CAUSE. If the Optionee should be removed from the board of
directors of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company for cause, this Option
shall automatically expire unless reinstated by the Administrator within thirty
(30) days of such termination by giving written notice of such reinstatement to
the Optionee. In the event of such reinstatement, the Optionee may exercise this
Option only to such extent, for such time, and upon such terms and conditions as
in the case of the a termination for a reason other than cause, disability or
death. Termination for cause shall include, but not be limited to: (a) gross
neglect or willful failure to perform fully Optionee's duties and obligations to
the Company; (b) indictment for or conviction of a felony or any other crime
involving moral turpitude; (c) the commission of any fraudulent or dishonest
acts affecting the business or assets of the Company or others with whom the
Company has a business or client relationship; and (d) drug or alcohol abuse or
dependency so as to adversely affect Optionee's ability to perform fully
Optionee's duties and obligations to the Company. The determination of the
Administrator with respect to the existence of cause for termination shall be
final and conclusive.

8. DISABILITY OR DEATH OF OPTIONEE. If the Optionee's service to the Company or
any Subsidiary of the Company is terminated by reason of death or disability or
if the Optionee dies or becomes permanently and totally disabled (within the
meaning of Section 22 of the Internal Revenue Code) during the period referred
to in Paragraph 5 hereof, this Option shall automatically expire and terminate
twelve (12) months after the date of the Optionee's disability or death, but no
later than the Expiration Date specified in Paragraph 2 hereof. After Optionee's


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

death but before such expiration, the person or persons to whom the Optionee's
rights under this Option shall have passed by order of a court of competent
jurisdiction or by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution, or
the executor, administrator or conservator of the Optionee's estate, shall have
the right to exercise this Option to the extent, if any, that it had become
exercisable as of the date of termination of employment.

9. NONTRANSFERABILITY. This Option shall not be transferable except by will or
by the laws of descent and distribution, and shall be exercisable during the
Optionee's lifetime only by the Optionee.

10. EMPLOYMENT. [not applicable]

11. PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP. Optionee shall have no rights as a
stockholder with respect to the Option Shares unless and until said Option
Shares are issued to the Optionee as provided in the Plan. Except as provided in
Section 7(c) of the Plan, no adjustment will be made for dividends or other
rights in respect of which the record date is prior to the date such stock
certificates are issued.

12. MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS. The rights of the
Optionee are subject to modification and termination upon the occurrence of
certain events as provided in Section 5 of the Plan (relating to stock splits
and other corporate reorganization or recapitalization transactions) and Section
9 (relating to a Change in Control). Any such modification, to the extent
authorized by the Plan, shall be effective at such time and upon such terms and
conditions as may be specified in a notice sent to Optionee in accordance with
Paragraph 13 hereof.

13. NOTICES. All notices to the Company provided for in this Option shall be
addressed to the Company in care of its President at its principal office and
all notices to the Optionee shall be addressed to the address appearing in
Optionee's personnel file maintained by the Company, or to such other address as
either may designate to the other in writing. Notice to the Company shall be
effective upon receipt, and notice to the Optionee shall be effective on the
second business day after mailing, or upon receipt, whichever is earlier.

14. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the
State of California.

15. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENTS. This Option (together with the Plan) contains
the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and may not be amended except by a written amendment signed by the party
to be charged, or pursuant to Sections 5, 9 or 14 of the Plan. "The subject
matter hereof" is any and all options to purchase Company securities that
Optionee has earned or has any right to receive.

16. INCORPORATION OF PLAN. ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN ARE INCORPORATED
HEREIN BY REFERENCE AS IF SET FORTH IN FULL HEREIN. IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT
BETWEEN THE TERMS OF THE PLAN AND ANY PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN, THE TERMS OF
THE PLAN SHALL BE CONTROLLING AND THE CONFLICTING PROVISIONS HEREIN SHALL BE
DISREGARDED.

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

OPTION AGREEMENT - CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SERVICES, INC.

THIS OPTION AGREEMENT (THIS "AGREEMENT") IS THE "OPTION AGREEMENT" REFERRED TO
ON THE REVERSE SIDE OF THIS PAGE. THE REVERSE SIDE OF THIS PAGE IS CAPTIONED
"NOTICE OF GRANT OF STOCK OPTIONS AND OPTION AGREEMENT" (HEREIN, THE "NOTICE").

The Notice and this Agreement are to be read and interpreted as ONE DOCUMENT and
are hereafter referred to, together, as "this Option."

This Option is by and between Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., a California
corporation (referred to herein, together with its subsidiaries, as the
"Company" or "Consumer Portfolio Services") and the "Employee." This Option is
issued pursuant to the Company's 2006 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (referred
to herein as the "Plan" or "Company's Stock Option Plan") and is designated by
the Option Number recorded on the Notice. Capitalized terms used in this Option
and not otherwise defined have the meanings given in the Plan. As used in this
Option, the following terms have the meanings given below:


    "Employee" means the individual named on the Notice

    "Date of Grant"means the date recorded next to the word "Effective" on the
    Notice

    "Expiration Date" means the date recorded one or more times under the word
    "Expiration" in the Notice

    "Maximum Grant"means the number preceding the word "shares" in the first
    paragraph of the Notice

    "Option Price" means the price per share of the stock as recorded in the
    first paragraph of the Notice


1. GRANT OF OPTION. The Company hereby grants to Employee the option to
purchase, upon and subject to the terms and conditions of this Option and of the
Plan, all or any part of the Maximum Grant of the Company's common stock (also
referred to in the Notice as "stock"), at the Option Price specified above. The
shares so purchased or available for purchase are referred to herein as the
"Option Shares." This Option is intended to qualify as an incentive option
within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.

2. EXERCISABILITY. (a) This Option shall become exercisable in installments. The
number of shares exercisable at any particular time is determined according to
the vesting schedule on the Notice, which outlines the timing (as recorded under
the words "Full Vest") and number of shares (as recorded under the word
"Shares") of each installment. This Option shall remain exercisable as to all of
such shares until the Expiration Date, at which time it shall expire in its
entirety, unless this Option has expired or terminated earlier in accordance
with the provisions hereof or of the Plan. In all events, the number of shares
that may be purchased at any time under this Option is reduced by the number of
shares previously so purchased.

     (b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a), upon the occurrence of a Change of
Control (as such term is defined in the Plan), any and all installments of
shares that have not become exercisable according to the vesting schedule on the
Notice shall automatically become exercisable on such date. This Option shall
remain exercisable as to all of such shares until the Expiration Date, at which
time it shall expire in its entirety, unless this Option has expired or
terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof or of the Plan. In
all events, the number of shares that may be purchased at any time under this
Option is reduced by the number of shares previously so purchased.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

3. EXERCISE OF OPTION. This Option may be exercised by written notice delivered
to the Company stating the number of Option Shares with respect to which this
Option is being exercised, together with the full Option Price of such shares in
cash, bank cashier's check, or such other form of payment as may be permitted by
resolution of the board of directors of the Company or the committee of said
board charged with administration of the Plan (said board or committee, the
"Administrator"). Not less than ten (10) Option Shares may be purchased at any
one time unless the number purchased is the total number that remains to be
purchased under this Option, and in no event may this Option be exercised with
respect to fractional shares. Upon exercise, the Employee shall make appropriate
arrangements and shall be responsible for the withholding of any federal or
state income or employment taxes then due. Employee agrees that the Company may
decline to permit exercise in the absence of such withholding arrangements.

4. NOTIFICATION OF SALE. Employee agrees that Employee, or any person acquiring
Option Shares upon exercise of this Option, will notify the Company in writing
not more than one (1) business day after any sale or other disposition of such
shares.

5. CESSATION OF EMPLOYMENT. Except as provided in Paragraphs 7, 8 or 12 hereof,
if the Employee ceases to be employed by the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company, this Option shall expire three months thereafter, but not later than
the Expiration Date specified in Paragraph 2 hereof; provided, however, that if
the termination of employment is the result of Employee's death or disability,
then this Option shall expire one year after the termination of employment, but
not later than the Expiration Date specified in Paragraph 2 hereof. During such
period or extended period after termination of employment, this Option shall be
exercisable only to the extent, if any, that it had become exercisable on the
date of termination, and any rights of Employee with respect to Option Shares
not exercisable as of such date shall expire and terminate automatically on such
date.

6. REDUCTION IN STATUS. This Option is granted based on Employee's position or
status within the Company at the Date of Grant. Should Employee at any time no
longer be employed in such position, but rather in a position of substantially
less responsibility, as determined by the Administrator, then from and after the
date of such change in status ("Change Date") the number of shares as to which
this Option shall be exercisable shall be the greater of (i) the number of
shares as to which this Option was exercisable on the Change Date, and (ii) the
number of shares as to which this Option would be exercisable if the Maximum
Grant specified in Paragraph 1 hereof were a lesser number, determined by the
Administrator, that would be equal to the maximum grant that the Company then
customarily grants to individuals in positions similar to Employee's new
position. Such lesser number may be zero. In no event shall such a change in
terms of this Option result in either (i) an increase in the Maximum Grant, or
(ii) Employee's losing the right to exercise this Option as to the Option Shares
that Employee had the right to purchase on the Change Date.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

7. TERMINATION FOR CAUSE. If the Employee's employment by the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company is terminated for cause, this Option shall
automatically expire unless reinstated by the Administrator within thirty (30)
days of such termination by giving written notice of such reinstatement to the
Employee. In the event of such reinstatement, the Employee may exercise this
Option only to such extent, for such time, and upon such terms and conditions as
in the case of the a termination for a reason other than cause, disability or
death. Termination for cause shall include, but not be limited to: (a) gross
neglect or willful failure to perform fully Employee's duties and obligations to
the Company; (b) indictment for or conviction of a felony or any other crime
involving moral turpitude; (c) the commission of any fraudulent or dishonest
acts affecting the business or assets of the Company or others with whom the
Company has a business or client relationship; and (d) drug or alcohol abuse or
dependency so as to adversely affect Employee's ability to perform fully
Employee's duties and obligations to the Company. The determination of the
Administrator with respect to the existence of cause for termination shall be
final and conclusive.

8. DISABILITY OR DEATH OF EMPLOYEE. If the Employee's employment by the Company
or any Subsidiary of the Company is terminated by reason of death or disability
or if the Employee dies or becomes permanently and totally disabled (within the
meaning of Section 22 of the Internal Revenue Code) during the period referred
to in Paragraph 5 hereof, this Option shall automatically expire and terminate
twelve (12) months after the date of the Employee's disability or death, but no
later than the Expiration Date specified in Paragraph 2 hereof. After Employee's
death but before such expiration, the person or persons to whom the Employee's
rights under this Option shall have passed by order of a court of competent
jurisdiction or by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution, or
the executor, administrator or conservator of the Employee's estate, shall have
the right to exercise this Option to the extent, if any, that it had become
exercisable as of the date of termination of employment.

9. NONTRANSFERABILITY. This Option shall not be transferable except by will or
by the laws of descent and distribution, and shall be exercisable during the
Employee's lifetime only by the Employee.

10. EMPLOYMENT. This Option shall not obligate the Company to employ Employee
for any period, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company
to increase or reduce the Employee's compensation, or to promote, demote or
reassign Employee.

11. PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP. Employee shall have no rights as a
stockholder with respect to the Option Shares unless and until said Option
Shares are issued to the Employee as provided in the Plan. Except as provided in
Section 7(c) of the Plan, no adjustment will be made for dividends or other
rights in respect of which the record date is prior to the date such stock
certificates are issued.

12. MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS. The rights of the
Employee are subject to modification and termination upon the occurrence of
certain events as provided in Section 5 of the Plan (relating to stock splits
and other corporate reorganization or recapitalization transactions) and Section
9 (relating to a Change in Control). Any such modification, to the extent
authorized by the Plan, shall be effective at such time and upon such terms and
conditions as may be specified in a notice sent to Employee in accordance with
Paragraph 13 hereof.

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

13. NOTICES. All notices to the Company provided for in this Option shall be
addressed to the Company in care of its President at its principal office and
all notices to the Employee shall be addressed to the address appearing in
Employee's personnel file maintained by the Company, or to such other address as
either may designate to the other in writing. Notice to the Company shall be
effective upon receipt, and notice to the Employee shall be effective on the
second business day after mailing, or upon receipt, whichever is earlier.

14. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the
State of California.

15. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENTS. This Option (together with the Plan) contains
the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and may not be amended except by a written amendment signed by the party
to be charged, or pursuant to Sections 5, 9 or 14 of the Plan. "The subject
matter hereof" is any and all options to purchase Company securities that
Employee has earned or has any right to receive.

16. INCORPORATION OF PLAN. All of the provisions of the Plan are incorporated
herein by reference as if set forth in full herein. In the event of any conflict
between the terms of the Plan and any provision contained herein, the terms of
the Plan shall be controlling and the conflicting provisions herein shall be
disregarded.


                                      -7-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>cps_10kex-21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 21 - SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT.

The following corporations and limited liabilities are direct or indirect
subsidiaries of the registrant. Each does business under its own name, except
that The Finance Company also does business under the name Old Dominion
Acceptance, Inc.

 Name                                          State or other jurisdiction of
                                                incorporation or organization
 CPS Leasing, Inc.                                          DE
 CPS Marketing, Inc.                                        CA
 CPS Receivables Corp.                                      CA
 CPS Receivables Two Corp.                                  DE
 CPS 123 Corp.                                              DE
 MFN Financial Corporation                                  DE
 TFC Enterprises, Inc.                                      DE
 CPS Receivables Three Corp.                                DE
 CPS Residual Corp.                                         DE
 71270 Corp.                                                DE
 Page Funding LLC                                           DE
 Pacific Coast Receivables Corp.                            DE
 Page Three Funding LLC                                     DE
 Canyon Receivables Corp                                    DE
 Autoloantoday.net, Inc.                                    DE
 Folio Funding LLC                                          DE
 Mercury Finance Corporation of Alabama                     AL
 Mercury Finance Company of Arizona                         AZ
 Mercury Finance Company of Colorado                        DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Delaware                        DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Florida                         DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Georgia                         DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Illinois                        DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Indiana                         DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Kentucky                        DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Louisiana                       DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Michigan                        DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Mississippi                     DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Missouri                        MO
 Mercury Finance Company of Nevada                          NV
 Mercury Finance Company of New York                        DE
 Mercury Finance Company of North Carolina                  DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Ohio                            DE
 MFC Finance Company of Oklahoma                            DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Pennsylvania                    DE
 Mercury Finance Company of South Carolina                  DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Tennessee                       TN
 MFC Finance Company of Texas                               DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Virginia                        DE
 Mercury Finance Company of Wisconsin                       DE
 Gulfco Investment, Inc.                                    LA
 Gulfco Finance Company                                     LA
 Midland Finance Co.                                        IL
 MFN Insurance Company                               Turks and Caicos
 Mercury Finance Company LLC                                DE
 The Finance Company                                        VA
 Recoveries, Inc.                                           VA
 The Insurance Agency, Inc.                                 DE
 TFC Receivables Corporation V                              DE
 TFC Receivables Corporation VI                             DE
 TFC Receivables Corporation VII                            DE

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>cps_ex23.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 23


CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements (Nos.
333-58199, 333-35758, 333-75594, 333-115622 and 333-135907) on Form S-8, and
(Nos. 333-135357 and 333-121913) on Form S-3 of Consumer Portfolio Services,
Inc. of our reports dated March 8, 2007 relating to our audits of the
consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting,
which appear in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Consumer Portfolio Services,
Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2006.

/S/ McGladrey & Pullen, LLP
McGladrey & Pullen, LLP


Irvine, California
March 8, 2007




















</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>cps_10kex31-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.1

                                  CERTIFICATION

  I, Charles E. Bradley, Jr., certify that:

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Consumer Portfolio
    Services, Inc.;

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
    a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
    were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
    information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
    the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
    registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
    establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
    financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
    15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
    disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
    ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
    consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
    entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
    prepared;

    (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
    internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
    supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
    financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
    purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
    procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
    effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
    the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control
    over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
    fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
    annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
    materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
    reporting; and

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
    most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
    registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of
    directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
        operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
        reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
        record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

    (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
        employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
        control over financial reporting.


March 9, 2007                         By:  /s/ CHARLES E. BRADLEY, JR.
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Charles E. Bradley, Jr.
                                          PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.2
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>cps_10kex31-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.2

                                  CERTIFICATION


I, Jeffrey P. Fritz, certify that:

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Consumer Portfolio
    Services, Inc.;

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
    a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
    were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
    information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
    the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
    registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
    establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
    financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
    15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
        disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
        to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
        including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
        within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
        report is being prepared;

    (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
        internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
        supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
        of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
        external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
        principles;

    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
        procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
        effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
        of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control
        over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
        recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the
        case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
        likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over
        financial reporting; and

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
    most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
    registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of
    directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
        operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
        reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
        record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

    (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
        employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
        control over financial reporting.

March 9, 2007                By:    /s/ JEFFREY P. FRITZ
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   Jeffrey P. Fritz, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>cps_10kex-32.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 32

                                  CERTIFICATION

  Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, for the purposes of Section 1350 of
chapter 63 of title 18 of the United States Code, in his capacity as an officer
of Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc., that, to his knowledge, the Annual Report
of Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2006, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such
report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc.








March 9, 2007                   By:    /s/ CHARLES E. BRADLEY, JR.
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                      Charles E. Bradley, Jr.

                                      PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

March 9, 2007                   By:    /s/ JEFFREY P. FRITZ
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                      Jeffrey P. Fritz, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
