-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 QPcYub0Co88ZKxDcjNhGXjhT1oq+gG+73LOcH5C1sZkeLjW3FcZaHbCFcQQZUpcj
 C0r0ldfoI06gJ4JlyNQk2A==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950134-96-007009.txt : 19961224
<SEC-HEADER>0000950134-96-007009.hdr.sgml : 19961224
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950134-96-007009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19960930
FILED AS OF DATE:		19961220
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000895329
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONVERTED PAPER & PAPERBOARD PRODS (NO CONTAINERS/BOXES) [2670]
		IRS NUMBER:				391723477
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21018
		FILM NUMBER:		96684429

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4750 SIMONTON
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 23500
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75244
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2143870050

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4750 SIMONTON RD
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75244
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K FISCAL YEAR END SEPTEMBER 30, 1996
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              Washington, DC 20549
                                   Form 10-K

        Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 1996. Commission
                             file number 0-21018.

                            TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            Delaware                                     39-1723477
   --------------------------------                 ---------------------
   (State of other jurisdiction                     (IRS Employer ID No.)
   of incorporation or organization)

                    4800 Simonton Road, Dallas, Texas 75244
                   ----------------------------------------- 
                   (Address of principal executive offices)
                                 (972) 789-1079
                        -------------------------------
                        (Registrant's telephone number)

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   None
                                                                   --------

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                    Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share
                    ---------------------------------------
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                          Yes  X      No
                             -----      ----- 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulations S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [XX]

The aggregate market value of the Common Stock of Tufco Technologies, Inc. held
by non-affiliates, as of December 17, 1996, was approximately $9,608,766. Such
aggregate market value was computed by reference to the closing price of the
Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ National Market on December 16, 1996.
For purposes of making this calculation only, the registrant has defined
affiliates as including all directors and beneficial owners of more than ten
percent of the Common Stock of the Company. The number of shares of the
registrant's Common Stock outstanding as of December 17, 1996 was 3,723,585.
The number of shares of the registrant's Non-Voting Common Stock outstanding at
December 17, 1996 was 709,870.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 1996 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this
report.




                                      -1-
<PAGE>   2

                                     PART I


ITEM 1 -  BUSINESS

GENERAL

         Tufco Technologies, Inc. ("Tufco" or the "Company") manufactures and
distributes business imaging paper products, provides diversified custom
converting and specialty printing services, and distributes paint sundry
products used in home improvement projects. The Company has operated since 1992
and currently has three wholly owned subsidiaries, Tufco Industries, Inc.,
Executive Converting Corporation ("ECC") and Hamco Industries, Inc. On January
28, 1994, the Company completed an initial public offering in which the Company
issued and sold 900,000 shares of its Common Stock, par value $.01 per share
("Common Stock"), and certain stockholders of the Company sold 50,000 shares of
Common Stock. Contemporaneously with the closing of the Company's public
offering, the Company acquired, through ECC, substantially all of the assets of
Executive Roll Manufacturing, Inc., d/b/a Executive Converting Corporation for
$7.5 million and 127,778 shares of Common Stock. On August 23, 1995, the
Company acquired, through Hamco Industries, Inc., substantially all of the
assets of Hamco, Inc. for approximately $12.9 million in cash.

         Tufco manufactures a wide range of printed and unprinted business
imaging paper products for a variety of business needs and offers a wide array
of custom converting services for industrial uses including thermal laminating,
precision slitting and rewinding, folding, precision sheeting and packaging for
delivery to the end user. Its specialty printing services provide wide web,
multi-color flexographic and letterpress printing and adhesive laminations to
industrial users and resale distributors.

         The Company was incorporated in the state of Delaware in 1992 to
acquire Tufco Industries , Inc. Although the Company was organized in 1992, the
business conducted by Tufco Industries, Inc. has been in continuous operation
since 1974. The Company has become a leading manufacturer of value-added custom
paper products and specialty printing services. The Company's principal
executive offices are located at 4800 Simonton Road, Dallas, Texas 75244, and
its telephone number is (972) 789-1079.

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

         The Company's product and service lines include business imaging paper
products, custom converting, specialty printing, and paint sundry products and
are provided at four manufacturing locations in Green Bay, Wisconsin; Manning,
South Carolina; Dallas, Texas; and Newton, North Carolina.

     Business Imaging Paper Products

         The Company produces and distributes a wide variety of printed and
unprinted paper products used in business imaging equipment in market sectors
including architectural and engineering design, high speed data processing,
point of sale, automatic teller machines and a variety of office equipment. The
Company's products include roll products ranging in length from 150 feet to
3500 feet and in widths from 1 inch to 54 inches. Additionally, the Company
produces precision sheeted products ranging in size from 11 by 17 inches to 65
by 65 inches. The Company's products are available in a wide range of paper
grades including a variety of weights of bond paper, thermal imaging papers,
fine vellums and films and multi-part forms.

     Custom Converting

         Tufco Technologies has custom converting capability at each of its
four locations: Green Bay, Wisconsin; Manning, South Carolina; Dallas, Texas;
and Newton, North Carolina.





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3
Custom Converting (continued)

         The Company's converting capabilities at its Green Bay and Manning
facilities include thermal and adhesive laminating, slitting, rewinding,
cutting, and folding. These facilities custom convert a wide array of
materials, including polyethylene films, non-woven materials, paper, and tissue
and toweling for the industrial converting market. Products include operating
room towels, reinforced towels (towels with a polyethylene or polypropylene
mesh to provide strength and durability), industrial wipes, medical drapes,
feminine hygiene components, specialty roll and large roll tissue and toweling
products, polyethylene and paper dropcloths, car wash and golf towels, and
window insulation products. The Company's winders can convert rolls of material
up to 132 inches wide and slit widths as narrow as 3 inches. The Company has
also invested in equipment to perform thermal lamination to bond various
material substrates up to 120 inches wide, such as multi-ply dropcloths,
reinforced material, and breathable moisture barrier wraps. Machinery and
equipment at the Green Bay facility have the capability, developed by the
Company's in-house engineers and technical personnel, to combine or modify
various substrates through the use of precise temperature and pressure control.

         The Company's Green Bay and Manning custom converting services have
grown primarily due to its capabilities to convert tissues, industrial and food
service wipes, perforated toweling products, party goods and thermal or
adhesive laminated products. During 1996, the Company re-designed its Green Bay
production floor to improve product through-put, necessitating the move of
fourteen major pieces of equipment.

         The Company's Dallas facility has converting capabilities that include
precision slitting, rewinding, sheeting, specialty packaging, folding,
perforating, and trimming. These capabilities are directed toward converting
fine paper materials including specialty and fine printing papers and
paperboards, thermal papers, polyester films, and coated products.

         The Dallas facility's custom converting services include final
packaging of products, including items on which the Company has performed other
converting or specialty printing services. Packaging capabilities include high
quality bulk skid wrapping, vacuum sealed carton packed sheets, poly-paper and
poly-film wrapping, and shrink-film packaging. The flexibility of the equipment
at the Dallas facility and the packaging alternatives that the Company can
provide its customers produce finished products that meet and exceed a varied
range of customer specifications and requirements. The Company's Dallas custom
converting services have grown due to the addition of a state-of-the-art
Jagenberg sheeter with specialty paper and paperboard sheeting capabilities and
the investment in a custom designed rewinder for thermal papers and films.

         The Company's Newton facility has converting capabilities which
include precision slitting and rewinding of paper rolls in a large variety of
sizes which include variables in width, diameter, core size, single or
multi-ply, and occasionally color. All of the rolls can be printed on one side
or both, providing the customer with advertising, promotional or security
features.

     Specialty Printing

         The Company's Green Bay facility offers value-added specialty printing
and related graphic arts services, including pre-press work, sheeting,
calendering, printing, finishing, and thermal and adhesive laminating. The
Company provides multi-color printing that uses computerized control to
maintain a high level of print quality. The Company focuses on specialty
printing projects such as paper tablecovers, food and gift wraps, feminine
hygiene components, printed release liners, and novelty and holiday bathroom
tissue.

         Green Bay's pre-press staff prepares projects for printing to customer
specifications. The Company uses the customer's preliminary art work and
arranges or performs all preparatory processes for camera ready art, plate
making, layout, plate mounting, and other related services.





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4
Specialty Printing (continued)

         The Green Bay presses use flexographic and letterpress processes and
can print on a wide range of media from lightweight tissue or non-wovens to
heavyweight paperboard. The Company utilizes five wide web presses of various
sizes, three of which are capable of six-color printing. The Company uses
water-based and oil-based inks. The presses can accommodate widths up to 82
inches for one-sided printing and are capable of simultaneous two-sided
printing for widths up to 51 inches. The Company also uses a web press system
that includes in-line operations to produce thermal and adhesive composite
lamination or to apply specialty coatings. The presses have a variety of print
cylinders that provide the Company with the flexibility to meet customer needs.
The presses utilize lower cost rubber printing plates that allow the Company to
maintain quality and achieve a competitive pricing advantage for low volume
jobs relative to printers using engraved printing cylinders.

         The Company's Newton facility produces a full range of papers for use
in bank proof or teller machines, including fan-fold forms, cards and printed
rolls of various sizes and types. Additionally, the Company produces an
extensive selection of standard and customized guest checks for use in the
restaurant industry, and the Company's Newton facility owns equipment which
enables the Company to produce a wide variety of multi-part business forms.

      Paint Sundry Products

         The Company's Green Bay and Manning facilities manufacture and
distribute home improvement products that are sold to paint and hardware
distributors, home centers, and retail paint stores. To provide its customers
with the industry's most complete line of paint sundry products, the Company
supplements the products it manufactures by distributing products manufactured
for the Company by others. Consumer disposable products include polyethylene,
paper and canvas dropcloths, latex and vinyl gloves, paint strainers, and other
allied items. These products are often used by homeowners performing
do-it-yourself home improvement projects and contractors and painting
professionals. The Company also sells a line of masking paper products for the
automotive aftermarket. The Company has increased sales of consumer disposables
by continually broadening and improving its product line, thereby allowing
customers to consolidate their orders with a single vendor. In addition, the
Company has attracted large buying groups through various volume incentives. To
further increase sales, the Company developed a proprietary point of sale
display, the "TUFPRO Paint Management System" that places in one location all
of the necessary supplies (other than paint and brushes) for a typical home
painting project.

MANUFACTURING AND OPERATIONS

         In producing and distributing its line of Business Imaging Products,
the Company works closely with various Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs)
to develop products which meet or exceed the requirements of the imaging
equipment. The Company then produces and stocks a full line of paper products
to meet the needs of the users of the imaging equipment. With regard to its
Custom Converting operations, the Company either utilizes product
specifications provided by its customers or teams with its customers to develop
specifications which meet customer requirements. Generally, the product begins
with a flexible substrate, which is a base material such as a non-woven
material, paper, or polyethylene. The Company applies one or more of its custom
converting or specialty printing services that it has developed over a period
of years through its distinctive technical knowledge to add value to these
materials.

         The Company's growth has been supported by its substantial capital
investment in new facilities and machinery and equipment. During the past three
years, the Company spent over $5 million on capital expenditures at its four
locations and approximately $21 million to acquire the assets of ECC and Hamco.
The Company has added two Perini winders, a Jagenberg sheeter, an Elsner
folder, an Elsner rewinder and various printing equipment. Included in this
total, the company has spent over $2 million to enhance the capabilities of its
state of the art thermal laminator. Due to the Company's expenditures on new
equipment, it has increased both its manufacturing capacity and the range of
its capabilities. The Company believes it has sufficient capacity to meet its
growth expectations.

         The Company's equipment can produce a wide range of sizes of
production output to meet unique customer specifications. The custom converting
equipment can accommodate web widths from 3 inches to 132 inches. Its folding
equipment can fold from 6 inches to 120 inches by 240 inches, in one-inch
increments. The Company's printing presses perform flexographic and letterpress
processes and print from one to six colors on webs as wide as 82 inches. Its
fine printing paper and paperboard converting equipment includes
state-of-the-art rewinders, sheeters, folders, perforators, and equipment that
performs extensive packaging functions.




                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5
SALES AND MARKETING

         Tufco Technologies markets its products and services nationally
through its 33 full-time sales and service employees and 114 manufacturer's
representatives and distributors. The Company's sales and service personnel are
compensated on a base salary plus incentive bonus. The Company generally
utilizes referrals and its industry reputation and presence to attract
customers, and advertises on a limited basis in industry periodicals and
shelter media and through cooperative advertising arrangements with its
consumer disposables and fine paper converting services and products suppliers
and customers.

         Customers generally purchase the Company's goods and services under
project-specific purchase orders rather than long-term contracts, although
exceptions are made when the Company is required to purchase special machinery
to complete an order. The Company's sales volume by quarter is subject to a
limited amount of seasonal fluctuation. Generally, Tufco's sales volume and
operating income are at their lowest levels in the first and second fiscal
quarters and are generally higher in the third and fourth fiscal quarters.

         The customer base consists of approximately 1,000 companies, including
large integrated paper companies, users, dealers and distributors of business
imaging papers, and resalers of paint sundry products. There were no customers
accounting for more than 10% of consolidated sales in fiscal 1996. Sales are
generally made on a credit basis within limits set by the Company's executive
management. The Company generally requires payment to be made within 30 days
following shipment of goods.

COMPETITION

         The Company believes the primary areas of competition for its goods
and services are price, quality, production capacity and capability, capacity
for prompt and consistent delivery, service, and continuing relationships. The
Company believes that its key competitive advantages are product quality, quick
response, rapid equipment set-up and turnaround time, long-standing customer
relationships, broad customer base, highly engineered machinery and processes,
production diversity and capacity, continuity of management, and experienced
personnel. Management believes that there is no single competitor that offers
the breadth and variety of products and services offered by the Company. In
addition, customers benefit from the Company's ability to perform its multiple
services and distribute from its national asset base, which reduces freight
costs and increases product and service reliability through use of single
source supplier on a national basis.

         Competitors for the Company's products and services vary based upon
the products and services offered. In Business Imaging Products, Tufco competes
with small regional suppliers and a few large national firms. Based on
management's assessment of the market, no single firm offers the breadth of
products offered by Tufco on a national basis. In the Company's industrial
custom converting services, the Company believes that relatively few
competitors offer a wider range of services or can provide them from a single
source. With respect to the Company's specialty printing services and fine
paper converting products, the competition consists primarily of numerous small
regional companies. Management believes that the Company's capabilities in
custom converting and specialty printing give it the flexibility, diversity,
and capacity to compete effectively on a national basis with large companies
and locally with smaller regional companies. The Company does not believe
foreign competition is significant at this time in the custom converting and
specialty printing lines. There is strong domestic competition and a modest
amount of foreign competition in the manufacturing of consumer disposable
products.

         Although the Company does not engage in a significant amount of direct
competition with large integrated paper companies that are its customers,
management believes that there are inherent business risks in the expansion of
sales to these customers, given their significant in-house production
capabilities. The Company typically serves as a product development accelerator
to these customers because as sales of specific converting services to these
customers have grown, the customer may discontinue purchases from the Company
and move production in-house due to the economies of scale having been
attained. The Company believes that it is able to evaluate and anticipate
adequately the timing of such changes. Moreover, given the versatility of its
manufacturing capabilities, the Company has been able to replace such lost
sales with new orders of more complex products, often from the same customer.




                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND QUALITY CONTROL

         The Company works with its customers to develop new products and
applications. The Company believes that a key factor in its success has been
its willingness and distinctive technical competency to help customers
experiment with various flexible substrates to develop materials with different
attributes such as strength, flexibility, absorbency, breathability,
moisture-resistance, and appearance. As a result, the Company's capabilities
enable it to develop certain laminated substrates at lower costs than if the
customers developed these products themselves. For example, a customer may
request certain physical tests during trial runs that are performed by the
Company's quality control personnel, often with the customer on site. Customers
are charged for machine time use, materials, and operator time in the new
product development process. After completing the development process, the
Company prices a new product or service and designs an ongoing program that
provides information to the customer such as quality checks, inventory reports,
materials data, and production reports.

         The Company maintains a quality control laboratory that constantly
monitors its production using statistical process controls (SPC) to observe and
measure quality effectiveness of its production processes, such as temperature,
speed, tension, and pressure. The Company's rigid standards and use of SPC have
allowed it to qualify for the GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices) designation
from several customers, a quality control standard that these companies require
before they will use a company for outsourcing. In addition, several of the
Company's customers perform periodic audits at the Company's Green Bay facility
to ensure that adequate quality control practices are in place at all times.
The Company's Dallas quality control laboratory is part of a collaborative of
33 laboratories sponsored by a large original equipment manufacturer that
utilizes the Dallas facility for its production. The collaborative is utilized
by that company to help set quality standards and ensure that its suppliers,
like the Dallas facility, have in place the process reviews and controls
necessary to ensure that quality products are being manufactured consistently.

RAW MATERIALS AND SUPPLIERS

         The Company is not dependent on any particular supplier or group of
affiliated suppliers for raw materials or for equipment needs. The Company
feels it has excellent relationships with its primary suppliers, and the
Company has not experienced difficulties in obtaining raw materials in the
past. The Company's raw materials fall into four general groups: various paper
stocks, inks for specialty printing, non-woven materials, and polyethylene
films. There are numerous suppliers of all of these materials. To ensure
quality control and consistency of its raw material supply, the Company's
Dallas and Newton facilities receive fine paper stock primarily from two major
paper companies instead of a greater number of companies.

         The Company's primary raw material, base paper, is subject to periodic
price fluctuations. In the past, the Company has been successful in passing
most of the price increases on to its customers, but management cannot
guarantee that the Company will be able to do this in the future.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

         The Company is subject to federal, state, and local environmental laws
and regulations concerning emissions into the air, discharges into waterways,
and the generation, handling, and disposal of waste materials. These laws and
regulations are constantly evolving, and it is impossible to predict accurately
the effect they may have upon the capital expenditures, earnings, and
competitive position of the Company in the future. The Company believes that it
complies with these laws and regulations in all material respects. The Company
does not maintain environmental impairment insurance.

         The Company's past expenditures relating to environmental compliance
have not had a material effect on the Company, nor does the Company expect that
such expenditures relating to the Company's recently completed addition to its
manufacturing facility will be material. Further growth in the Company's
production capacity with a resultant increase in discharges and emissions may
require capital expenditures for environmental control facilities in the
future. The Company does not expect such expenditures to be material. No
assurance can be given that future changes to environmental laws or their
application will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's business
or results of operations.

EMPLOYEES

         At December 17, 1996, the Company had approximately 447 employees, of
whom 180 were employed at its Green Bay facility, 80 at its Manning facility,
87 at its Dallas facility, and 100 at its Newton facility. The Company has a
non union workforce and believes that its relationship with its employees is
good.





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7
ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES

         The Company's main production and distribution facilities for
industrial converting, specialty printing, and consumer disposable products
manufacturing are located in Green Bay, Wisconsin. The 188,000 square foot
facility (of which approximately 5,000 square feet are used for offices) was
built in stages from 1980 to 1992 and is owned by the Company. The Company has
approximately seven additional acres on which to expand in the future.

         The Company leases 44,000 square feet of space in a facility
contiguous to its Green Bay, Wisconsin, facility, which is currently used for
certain warehouse, distribution, and packaging operations. This facility is
leased from a partnership of whom Samuel Bero and Patrick Garland, both
directors of the Company, are two of several partners. The lease for this
facility expires March, 2003. The Company has an option to renew this lease for
an additional three years.

         The Company's corporate headquarters are located in facilities which
it leases in Dallas, Texas, in the same building which the Company uses to
produce and distribute business imaging products and in the custom converting
of various fine paper and board grade papers. The lease for the 173,000 square
foot facility expires in February, 2003.

         The Company owns a 120,000 square foot facility in Newton, North
Carolina, used in the production and distribution of business imaging products
and in the printing of custom forms.

         In June 1996, the Company leased for five years and in October of 1996
occupied a new 62,000 square foot facility in Clarendon County, South Carolina,
which was designed and constructed to house the production and distribution
operations for the Company's paint sundry business. The Company has guaranteed
to the Lessor that, if the lease is not renewed, the residual market value of
the building which was constructed at a cost of $1.5 million, will be at least
$1.1 million. Management expects the building value will be at least $1.1
million; however, the Company cannot provide assurances as to the impact of
future economic factors influencing the future value of the building. The
Company also owns a 42,000 square foot facility in Manning, South Carolina
which it is using for storage of bulk raw materials.
 
         The Company believes that all of its facilities are in good condition
and suited for their present purpose. The Company believes that the property
and equipment currently used and planned for acquisition is sufficient for its
current and anticipated short-term needs, but that the expansion of the
Company's business or the offering of new services could require the Company to
obtain additional equipment or facilities.


ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         The Company is involved in various legal proceedings in the ordinary
course of its business, which are not anticipated to have a material adverse
effect on the Company's results of operations or financial condition.


ITEM 4 - SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         None.




                                      -7-
<PAGE>   8
                                    PART II

ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

         Since the Company's initial public offering on January 28, 1994 at
$9.00 per share, the Common Stock of Tufco has been traded on the NASDAQ
National Market under the trading symbol "TFCO." The following table sets forth
the range of high and low closing prices for the Common Stock, as reported on
the NASDAQ National Market for the periods indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           High         Low         Close
                                                           ----         ---         -----
<S>                                                        <C>         <C>         <C>     
Fiscal 1994:
                  Quarter ended March 31, 1994             $ 9.56      $ 7.50      $ 7.50
                                                                                    
                  Quarter ended June 30, 1994              $ 8.25      $ 6.50      $ 7.00
                                                                                    
                  Quarter ended September 30, 1994         $ 7.25      $ 3.00      $ 6.00
Fiscal 1995:                                                                        
                  Quarter ended December 31, 1994          $ 7.25      $ 5.00      $ 6.50
                                                                                    
                  Quarter ended March 31, 1995             $ 6.50      $ 4.25      $ 4.75
                                                                                    
                  Quarter ended June 30, 1995              $ 5.50      $ 4.00      $ 5.50
                                                                                    
                  Quarter ended September 30, 1995         $ 5.50      $ 4.13      $ 4.75
Fiscal 1996:                                                                        
                  Quarter ended December 31, 1995          $ 8.25      $ 4.50      $ 7.00
                                                                                    
                  Quarter ended March 31, 1996             $ 8.00      $ 6.25      $ 7.25
                                                                                    
                  Quarter ended June 30, 1996              $ 7.25      $ 5.25      $ 6.75
                                                                                    
                  Quarter ended September 30, 1996         $ 7.25      $ 6.00      $ 6.25
</TABLE>


         As of December 17, 1996, there were approximately 165 holders of
record of the Common Stock. On December 16, 1996, the last reported sale price
of the Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ National Market was $7.25 per
share.

         The Company has never paid dividends on its Common Stock. All notes
except the Industrial Development Revenue Bonds are supported by loan
agreements which contain certain restrictive covenants, including requirements
to maintain certain levels of cash flow and restriction on the payment of
dividends. The Company does not intend to pay any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future.


                                      -8-
<PAGE>   9





ITEM 6 - SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE 
 DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Years Ended September 30,          
                                           -----------------------------------------------
                                                                                  Pro Forma
                                                                                  --------
                                            1996     1995 (1)  1994 (2)   1993     1992 (3)
                                           -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
<S>                                        <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>    
Statement of Operations Data:
   Net sales ...........................   $68,374   $47,987   $36,204   $24,878   $24,726
   Cost of sales .......................    56,042    39,796    29,724    20,439    20,004
                                           -------   -------   -------   -------   -------

   Gross profit ........................    12,332     8,191     6,480     4,439     4,722
   Selling, general, and
   administrative expenses .............     6,753     4,906     3,797     2,332     2,346
   Goodwill amortization and other post-
   acquisition expenses ................       724       437       454       301       405
                                           -------   -------   -------   -------   -------

   Operating income ....................     4,855     2,848     2,229     1,806     1,971
   Interest expense, net ...............     1,093       885       575       392       394
   Miscellaneous income ................         5        46        64        57        66
                                           -------   -------   -------   -------   -------

   Income before income taxes ..........     3,767     2,009     1,718     1,471     1,643
   Income taxes ........................     1,507       808       690       695       739
                                           -------   -------   -------   -------   -------

   Net income ..........................   $ 2,260   $ 1,201   $ 1,028   $   776   $   904
                                           =======   =======   =======   =======   =======

   Earnings per share ..................   $   .51   $   .37   $   .37   $   .37   $   .43

  Weighted average common and
  common  equivalent  shares
  outstanding ..........................     4,438     3,248     2,790     2,103     2,103

Other Data:
   Depreciation and
   amortization (4) ....................   $ 2,279   $ 1,647   $ 1,337   $ 1,033   $ 1,019

   Capital expenditures ................     2,371     1,280     1,386       863     2,030



Balance Sheet Data: (at September 30)
   Working capital .....................   $10,553   $13,914   $ 6,577   $ 3,711   $ 2,103
   Total assets ........................    50,038    51,060    34,004    20,976    20,639
   Long-term debt ......................    13,350    18,897    10,369     6,922     6,921
 Stockholders' equity ..................    28,719    26,445    19,164    10,207     9,325
</TABLE>




                                   FOOTNOTES


(1)  The results of operations of Hamco, Inc. are included in the consolidated
     financial data since the date of acquisition (August 1995).

(2)  The results of operations of ECC are included in the consolidated
     financial data since the date of acquisition (January 1994).

(3)  The pro forma statement of operations data for the twelve months ended
     September 30, 1992, assumes that the acquisition of Tufco Industries, Inc.
     in fiscal 1992 occurred at the beginning of the period and that the
     employment agreements with Messrs. Bero and Garland were amended as of
     October 1, 1992.

(4)  Depreciation and amortization consist of depreciation of buildings,
     machinery and equipment, and the amortization of goodwill and
     organizational expenses.





                                      -9-
<PAGE>   10

ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

GENERAL

         Tufco manufactures and distributes business imaging paper products,
performs custom converting and specialty printing services and manufactures and
distributes paint sundry products. The Company's strategy is to work closely
with its customers to develop products or perform services which meet or exceed
the customers' quality standards, and to then use the Company's operating
efficiencies and broad distribution base to supplement or replace its
customers' own production and distribution functions.

         The Company's technical proficiencies include slitting and rewinding,
sheeting, multi-color printing, laminating, folding and packaging.

         In January 1994, the Company completed an initial public offering of
its stock and concurrently purchased substantially all of the assets of
Executive Converting Corporation (ECC). The Company issued 900,000 shares of
its common stock on the NASDAQ Market at $9.00 per share, resulting in net
proceeds of $6.8 million. The total cost of the ECC acquisition was $8.7
million consisting of $7.5 million in cash and 127,778 shares of the Companies
common stock.

         In August 1995, the Company purchased substantially all of the assets
of Hamco Industries, Inc. for a total cost of $14.2 million funded by the
issuance of $1.2 million shares of the Company's common stock and additional
bank borrowings.

         Management's discussion of the Company's 1996 year in comparison to
1995, contains forward looking statements regarding current expectations, risks
and uncertainties for 1997 and beyond. The actual results could differ
materially from those discussed here. As well as those factors discussed in the
section entitled Business in this report, other factors that could cause or
contribute to such differences include, among other items, significant changes
in the cost of base paper stock, competition in the Company's product areas, or
an inability of management to successfully reduce operating expenses in
relation to net sales without damaging the long-term direction of the Company.
Therefore, the selected financial data for the periods presented may not be
indicative of the Company's future financial condition or results of
operations.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         The following discussion relates to the financial statements of the
Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1996 (current year or fiscal
1996), in comparison to the fiscal year ended September 30, 1995 (prior year or
fiscal 1995), as well as the fiscal year ended September 30, 1994 (fiscal
1994).





                                     -10-
<PAGE>   11
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)

         The following table sets forth, for the years ended September 30 (i)
the percentage relationship of certain items from the Company's statements of
income to total revenues and (ii) the year-to-year changes in these items:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL REVENUE    YEAR-TO-YEAR CHANGE
                                           -----------------------------   -------------------
                                                                            1995 TO   1994 TO
                                            1996       1995       1994       1996       1995
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
<S>                                          <C>        <C>        <C>           <C>        <C>
Net sales ..............................     100.0%     100.0%     100.0%        42%        33%
Cost of sales ..........................      82.0       82.9       82.1         41         34
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------    -------

         Gross margin ..................      18.0       17.1       17.9         51         26

Selling and administrative expense .....       9.9       10.2       10.5         38         29
 Amortization & postacquisition 
  expenses   ...........................       1.1        0.9        1.3         66         -4
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------    -------

         Operating income ..............       7.1        5.9        6.2         70         28

Net interest expense ...................       1.6        1.8        1.6         23         54
Other income ...........................       0.0        0.1        0.2        -89        -28
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------    -------

         Income before income taxes ....       5.5        4.2        4.7         88         17

Income tax expense .....................       2.2        1.7        1.9         87         17
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------    -------

         Net income ....................       3.3%       2.5%       2.8%        88%        17%
                                           =======    =======    =======    =======    =======
</TABLE>


         The components of net sales are summarized in the table below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  1996           1995           1994      
                                               ------------   -------------  -------------
                                                      % Of            % Of          % Of
                                               Amount Total   Amount  Total  Amount  Total
                                               ------------   -------------  -------------
                                                        (Dollars In Millions)
<S>                                             <C>      <C>   <C>      <C>   <C>      <C>
Business imaging products ...................   $  34.9  51%   $  18.1  38%   $  11.8  33%
Custom converting and specialty printing ....      24.3  36       20.6  43       15.6  43
Paint sundry products .......................       9.2  13        9.3  19        8.8  24
                                                ------- ---    ------- ---    ------- ---

Total net revenue ...........................   $  68.4 100%   $  48.0 100%   $  36.2 100%
                                                ======= ===    ======= ===    ======= ===
</TABLE>




FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1996 COMPARED TO SEPTEMBER 30, 1995

         Net sales for the fiscal 1996 increased $20.4 million, or 42%,
primarily due to the $17.8 million additive impact of Hamco Industries, Inc.
Hamco which was acquired on August 23, 1995, produces and distributes business
imaging products. After adjustment for the impact of Hamco, the Company's
revenue increased 5.4% ($2.6 million) in fiscal 1996. The Company lowered the
prices it charges its customers for certain paper products by 7% to 9% during
the second, third and fourth quarters of 1996 in response to sharp reductions
in the costs of various base paper grades. This reduction in unit price
resulted in a reduction in total annual revenue of approximately $0.9 million
(1.8%) on comparable unit volumes. Management feels that the adjusted growth
rate of 7.2% (considering the above 5.4% and 1.8% factors) is in line with
management's expectations for internal growth.



                                     -11-
<PAGE>   12

FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1996 COMPARED TO SEPTEMBER 30, 1995 (CONTINUED)

         Gross margin increased to 18.0% in fiscal 1996 from 17.1% in fiscal
1995, primarily due to a combination of two factors. A decrease in the cost of
base paper resulted in an increase in gross margin of 0.2 points due to the
portion of the cost decrease which the Company was able to retain. Additionally,
approximately 36% of the Company's inventory is valued using the Last In First
Out (LIFO) method, and the sharp reduction in paper prices resulted in a
reduction in the LIFO reserve and a corresponding increase in gross profit of
$0.5 million (0.7 points of margin), of which $0.3 million was recorded in the
fourth quarter of fiscal 1996. The Company has planned for a nominal increase in
paper prices in 1997, but management does not anticipate any significant
increase in this chief raw material.

         Selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales,
decreased to 9.9% in fiscal 1996 from 10.2% in fiscal 1995. Selling and
administrative expenses increased $1.9 million in fiscal 1996 due to the
inclusion of Hamco's selling and administrative expenses. Also, the Company
accrued approximately $0.6 million in post employment costs associated with the
resignation of its Chief Executive Officer and other management personnel in
September 1996. After adjustment for these two factors, selling and
administrative costs decreased $0.8 million from comparable operations for the
prior fiscal year. The decrease was the result of lower payroll and travel
costs in 1996 due to sales and management positions which were either vacant
for a portion of the year or eliminated as a result of organizational
restructuring.

         Goodwill amortization and post-acquisition expenses increased to $0.7
million in fiscal 1996 due to the Hamco acquisition and consulting fees
resulting from a consulting agreement between the Company and Bradford
Ventures, Ltd. (BVP). In fiscal 1995, a portion of the management fees paid to
BVP were capitalized as a result of the Hamco acquisition, such was not the
case in 1996 as all fees paid to BVP were expensed.

         Net interest expense increased by $0.2 million to $1.1 million in
fiscal 1996 from $0.9 million in fiscal 1995. The increase was due to the fact
that interest costs were incurred as a result of the Hamco acquisition. The
acquisition of Hamco resulted in a net increase in total debt of $5 million at
fiscal year end 1995. However, the Company worked with its primary lender to
restructure all of its outstanding debt and its cash management in the second
quarter of fiscal 1996. The effect of the restructuring was a reduction of one
(1) full point in the weighted average interest rate which the Company pays on
its debt. Additionally, the restructuring of cash management along with strong
cash flow from operations allowed the Company to lower its total borrowings
under its working capital line of credit. The combination of these factors
allowed the Company to significantly mitigate the impact of the additional
long-term debt incurred as a result of the Hamco acquisition and resulted in an
increase in interest expense of only 24%in fiscal 1996 versus fiscal 1995.

         Income taxes were 40% of pretax earnings for fiscal 1996 and for the
previous year. Earnings per share were 51 cents in fiscal 1996 compared to 37
cents for fiscal 1995 and 43 cents for the pro forma fiscal 1995 results (see
Note 2 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).

FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1995 COMPARED TO SEPTEMBER 30, 1994

         Net sales for fiscal 1995, increased $11.8 million, or 33%, to $48.0
million. The increase was primarily due to price increases and growth in sales
of business imaging products and custom converting services, which rose $11.3
million to $38.7 million, primarily from the $5.7 million additive effect of
four additional months of ECC's sales. The ECC acquisition was completed
effective January 28, 1994. Sales of paint sundry products increased $0.5
million to $9.3 million due to expansion of the Company's customer base and a
rebound from the harsh winter of 1994.

         Gross margin decreased to 17.1% in fiscal 1995 from 17.9% in fiscal
1994. The primary cause for the decrease in margins is the significant increase
in the price of base paper stock in 1995 and the principal raw material in
approximately 41% of the Company's revenue base. The Company experienced sharp
increases in the costs of paper and polyethylene during the first three
quarters of fiscal 1995 which increased the Company's inventory values, but had
no material effect on 1995 profits as the Company was able to pass these
increases on to its customers. Prices on these commodities stabilized in the
fourth quarter of fiscal 1995.




                                     -12-
<PAGE>   13
FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1995 COMPARED TO SEPTEMBER 30, 1994 (CONTINUED)


         Selling and administrative expenses increased $1.1 million in 1995
primarily due to the inclusion of ECC's selling and administrative expenses for
four additional months in 1995 versus 1994, when ECC was acquired. Three
additional salespersons were added during fiscal 1995 to facilitate market
growth during the upcoming fiscal year. Additionally, the Company incurred
approximately $200,000 in costs to restructure the Green Bay organization,
including severance costs and legal and professional fees.

         Goodwill amortization and post-acquisition expenses remained
relatively constant at $437,000 in fiscal 1995 versus $454,000 in fiscal 1994.
The expenses were due to goodwill amortization arising from the ECC acquisition
and consulting fees resulting from a consulting agreement between the Company
and Bradford Ventures, Ltd. (BVP). In fiscal 1995, a portion of the management
fees paid to BVP were capitalized as a result of the Hamco acquisition,
resulting in the decrease in expense from 1994.

         Net interest expense increased by $310,000 to $885,000 in fiscal 1995
from $575,000 in fiscal 1994. The increase was largely due to the fact that
interest costs were incurred as a result of the ECC acquisition for a full year
in 1995. Additionally, the Company increased its average borrowing under its
working capital line of credit during 1995 due to the increasing costs of raw
materials. The Company refinanced its bank debt in the final quarter of 1995
resulting in decreased interest rates.

         Income taxes were  $808,000 or 40% of pretax  earnings,  for fiscal 
1995  compared to $690,000,  or 40% of pretax earnings, for the previous year.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         Cash flow from operations increased $4.5 million to $5.7 million in
fiscal 1996. Net income adjusted for non-cash items accounted for $4.7 million
in cash flow in fiscal 1996. Additionally, $0.6 million in separation costs for
the former CEO and other employees expensed in fiscal 1996 will be paid in 1997
and 1998. The Company's increase in accounts receivable and inventory values
appears disproportionately small compared to its increase in revenues from 1995
to 1996, primarily because of the Hamco acquisition late in fiscal 1995.

         Cash used in investing activities totaled $1.5 million in fiscal 1996
and resulted from capital additions, principally improvements to the Company's
Green Bay facility. Also, the Company redeemed $0.8 million in certificates of
deposit purchased in the Hamco acquisition. Cash used in financing activities
totaled $5.5 million in fiscal 1996 due to the repayment of long term debt.

         The Company's primary need for capital resources is to finance
inventories, accounts receivable, capital expenditures, and acquisitions.
During the second quarter of fiscal 1996, the Company restructured its
borrowing arrangement with Bank One, Wisconsin, its primary lender, resulting
in a reduction in the Company's weighted average borrowing rate from 7.98% to
6.98% on approximately $13.8 million in debt at the time that the new agreement
became effective on February 1, 1996. The maximum available borrowings and the
term under the restructured revolving credit agreement remained unchanged at
$9.8 million through March 31, 1998. At December 13, 1996, the Company had
approximately $11.8 million in total borrowings outstanding with $8.3 million
available under the revolving credit agreement. Management believes that the
Company's operating cash flow is adequate to service its long-term obligations
as of September 30, 1996, and any budgeted capital expenditures.

         The Company's credit facilities are with one bank with the exception
of $1.8 million and are secured by substantially all of the Company's assets.
The credit facilities with Bank One contain certain restrictive covenants,
including minimum required cash flow, limits on capital additions and debt
service coverage ratios.

         On January 28, 1994, the Company sold 900,000 shares of its previously
unissued Common Stock in a public offering. The net proceeds to the Company
from this offering was approximately $6.8 million. An additional 127,778 shares
were issued on January 28, 1994, in conjunction with the Company's acquisition
of Executive Converting Corporation. On August 23, 1995, the Company issued 1.2
million shares of its Common Stock in conjunction with the Company's
acquisition of Hamco, Inc. for $6.2 million.


                                     -13-
<PAGE>   14
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (CONTINUED)

         Sharp increases in the costs of paper and polyethylene impacted the
Company's inventory values and net income during fiscal 1995. In 1996, the
prices of these commodities dropped dramatically which again impacted
inventories and net income. The Company is generally successful in passing
these fluctuations in raw material prices to its customers through increases or
decreases in the selling price of the Company's products. Prior to this period,
the impact of inflation has been minimal on the Company's inventory and net
income.

         The Company intends to retain earnings to finance future operations
and expansion and does not expect to pay any dividends within the foreseeable
future. In addition, the Company's primary lender must approve the payment of
any dividends.

         The Company's allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable was
$149,000 at December 13, 1996. Management believes that this allowance is
adequate to provide for losses inherent in its accounts receivable.

SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA

         The following table sets forth selected quarterly financial
information. This information is derived from un-audited consolidated financial
statements of the Company and includes, in the opinion of management, all
normal and recurring adjustments that management considers necessary for a fair
statement of results for such periods. The operating results for any quarter
are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period.

1996     (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 First    Second     Third    Fourth
                                                Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Quarter

<S>                                             <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>    
Net sales ...................................   $16,367   $16,392   $17,000   $18,615
Gross profit ................................     2,842     2,223     3,325     3,942
Operating expenses ..........................     1,804     1,486     2,070     2,116
Operating income ............................     1,038       737     1,255     1,826
Income before taxes .........................       749       476       969     1,573
Provision for income taxes ..................       298       199       358       652
Net income ..................................       451       277       611       921
Earnings per share ..........................       .10       .06       .14       .21
</TABLE>

1995     (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 First    Second     Third     Fourth
                                                Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Quarter
<S>                                             <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>    
Net sales ...................................   $10,285   $12,080   $11,293   $14,329
Gross profit ................................     1,480     1,697     1,707     3,307
Operating expenses ..........................     1,062     1,036       928     2,317
Operating income ............................       418       661       779       990
Income before taxes .........................       258       484       569       698
Provision for income taxes ..................       103       195       222       288
Net income ..................................       156       290       347       408
Earnings per share ..........................       .05       .09       .11       .12
</TABLE>




         The Company's sales volume by quarter is subject to a limited amount
of seasonal fluctuation. Generally, the Company's sales volume and operating
income are at their lowest levels in the first and second fiscal quarters.
Sales and operating income are generally at higher levels in the third and
especially the fourth fiscal quarters. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 1996
and 1995, the Company performed custom printing services for customers which
market printed paper products with holiday themes. The technical aspects of the
printing and the time sensitive nature of the services enable the Company to
generate higher gross margins than at other times during the year.

ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         Financial statements are attached as Appendix to this report.





                                     -14-
<PAGE>   15

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND      
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

      Not applicable.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

      The executive officers, directors, and key employees of the Company are:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Name                              Age        Positions With the Company
- ----                              ---        --------------------------
<S>                               <C>        <C>
Louis LeCalsey, III                57        President and Chief Executive Officer

Gregory L. Wilemon                 36        Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating
                                             Officer and Secretary/Treasurer

Michael A. Schilling               45        Vice President - Human Resources

Robert J. Simon (1)(2)(3)          38        Chairman of the Board of Directors

Samuel J. Bero (1)(3)              61        Director

Patrick J. Garland (1)(3)          65        Director

Robert E. Coghan                   68        Director

C. Hamilton Davison, Jr.           37        Director

Edward A. Leinss (2)               55        Director

William J. Malooly (2)             54        Director
</TABLE>



(1)  Member of the Executive Committee
(2)  Member of the Audit Committee
(3)  Member of the Compensation Committee

         Each director holds office until the next annual meeting of
stockholders of the Company and until his successor has been elected and
qualified. Each director has served on the Board of Directors since Tufco's
inception in February 1992. Executive officers of the Company are elected by
the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. There are no
family relationships between any executive officers or directors of the
Company.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AND KEY EMPLOYEES

         Louis LeCalsey, III--Mr. LeCalsey assumed the positions of President
and Chief Executive Officer of Tufco in September 1996. Previously he was
President of Tufco Industries, Inc. since April 1996 and prior to that he
served as Vice President of Worldwide Logistics for Scott Paper Company, the
culmination of a 20 year career with Scott in various leadership positions.

         Gregory L. Wilemon--Mr. Wilemon has been Chief Financial Officer since
September 18, 1995 and was appointed Secretary/Treasury by the board effective
November 12, 1995 and Chief Operating Officer in September 1996. Mr. Wilemon
had been Chief Operating Officer at Executive Roll Manufacturing from 1991
until May of 1993. From 1993 until he rejoined the Company, Mr. Wilemon was
Vice President of Finance at Great North American Companies. Prior to his
earlier tenure with the Company, Mr. Wilemon was a Senior Business Planner with
PepsiCo from 1987 to 1991.

         Michael A. Schilling--Mr. Schilling has been Vice President of Human
Resources since November 1992 and prior to that was Director of Human Resources
of Tufco since 1989. Prior to that time, Mr. Schilling was Manager of Human
Resources at Nu-Line Industries, a division of Huffy Bicycle Corp., from
January 1988 to September 1989 and Human Resources Manager of Vlasic Foods,
Inc., a division of the Campbell Soup Company, from 1986 to 1988.





                                     -15-
<PAGE>   16

         Robert J. Simon--Mr. Simon has been Chairman of the Board of Directors
of Tufco since February 1992. Mr. Simon has been a senior managing director of
Bradford Ventures, Ltd., a private investment firm, since 1992 and a general
partner of Bradford Associates since 1989. Prior to that time, Mr. Simon held
the following positions with Bradford Ventures Ltd.: Managing Director from
1990 to 1992; Senior Vice President from 1987 to 1990, and Vice President from
1985 to 1987. Mr. Simon is Chairman of the Board of HoloPak Technologies, Inc.,
Adco Technologies, Inc., and The Sunbelt Companies, Inc. and is also a director
of the C.R. Gibson Company, all of which are publicly held companies. Mr. Simon
is either Chairman of the Board or a director of Paramount Cards, Inc.,
Parmarco Technologies, Inc., VSC Corporation, Overseas Equity Investors Ltd.,
Overseas Private Investors Ltd., and several other privately held companies.

         Samuel J. Bero--Mr. Bero had been President and Chief Executive
Officer from November 1993 until he retired in July 1995, Executive Vice
President since November 1992, and General Manager of Tufco since 1974, when he
co-founded the Predecessor with Mr. Garland and two other individuals. Mr. Bero
has over 33 years of experience in the converting industry.

         Patrick J. Garland--Mr. Garland was the President of Tufco from 1974,
when he co-founded the Predecessor with Mr. Bero and two other individuals,
until November 1993. Mr. Garland retired from Tufco Industries in February 1994
when his employment agreement expired. He continues to serve as a director of
Tufco Technologies, Inc. Mr. Garland has over 33 years of experience in the
converting industry.

         Robert E. Coghan--Mr. Coghan has been the President and a director of
HoloPak Technologies, Inc., a manufacturer of holographic and hot stamp foils,
since 1990. From 1979 to such time, Mr. Coghan was President of Transfer Print
Foils, Inc., which was acquired by HoloPak Technologies, Inc. in January 1990.

         C. Hamilton Davison, Jr.--Mr. Davison has been the President and a
director of Paramount Cards, Inc., a manufacturer of greeting cards, since
1988. Prior to that time, Mr. Davison was Vice President, International and
Marketing of Paramount Cards, Inc. since 1986. Mr. Davison is also a director
and serves on the executive committee of the greeting card industry trade
association and is a Director on the Board of Valley Resources.

         Edward A. Leinss--Mr. Leinss has been President and Chief Executive
Officer of Ahlstrom Filtration, Inc., a manufacturer of filtration media, since
1989 and of its predecessor, Filtration Sciences, Inc., from 1981 to 1989.

         William J. Malooly--Mr. Malooly has been the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Bank One, Green Bay since 1977.

COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16 (A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT

The information called for by Item 10 with respect to compliance with Section
16 (a) of the Securities Exchange Act is incorporated by reference from the
1996 Proxy Statement which is to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of the fiscal
year covered by this report.

ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         The information called for by Item 11 is incorporated by reference
from the 1996 Proxy Statement which is to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of
the fiscal year covered by this report.

ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

         The information called for by Item 12 is incorporated by reference
from the 1996 Proxy Statement which is to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of
the fiscal year covered by this report.



                                     -16-
<PAGE>   17

ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         The information called for by Item 13 is incorporated by reference
from the 1996 Proxy Statement which is to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of
the fiscal year covered by this report.

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14 - EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)  1.   Financial Statements. Financial statements are attached as Appendix
          to this report. The index to the financial statements is found on F-1
          of the Appendix.

(a)  2.   Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules are omitted since the
          required information is not present or is not present in amounts
          sufficient to require a submission of the schedules, or because the
          information required is included in the financial statements and
          notes thereto.

(a)  3.   Exhibits. See Exhibit Index in part ( c ), below.

(b)       The Company did not file any reports on Form 8-K during the quarter 
          ended September 30, 1996.





                                     -17-
<PAGE>   18
(c) Exhibit
     Number            Description
     ------            -----------

     3.1       Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1) (Exhibit 3.1)

     3.2       Bylaws (1) (Exhibit 3.2)

     10.1      Stock Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of February
               25, 1992, among the Company, Tufco Industries, Inc. ("Tufco"),
               and the Stockholders of Tufco. (1) (Exhibit 10.1)

     10.2      Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement with Bradford
               Investment Partners, L.P. (3) (Exhibit 10)

     10.3      Loan Agreement, dated May 1, 1992, between the Village of
               Ashwaubenon, Wisconsin, and the Company. (1) (Exhibit 10.11)

     10.4      1992 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (1) (Exhibit 10.12)

     10.5      Form of Employee Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company
               and certain key employees of the Company. (1) (Exhibit 10.17)

     10.6      1993 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan. (2) (Exhibit
               10.19)

     10.7      Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of March 29, 1995 between
               Bank One, Green Bay; Tufco Industries, Inc.; and Executive
               Converting Corporation.(3)

     10.8      Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of May 18, 1995 between
               Bank One, Green Bay; Tufco Industries, Inc.; and Executive
               Converting Corporation. (4) (Exhibit 6(a))

     10.10     Loan Agreement, dated August 22, 1995, between Tufco Industries,
               Inc., Executive Converting Corporation, Hamco Industries, Inc.,
               and Bank One, Green Bay. (5) (Exhibit 2.1)

     10.11* ** Amended Employment Agreement with Greg Wilemon, dated September
               18, 1995.

     10.13     Lease Agreement, dated as of March 1, 1995, between Bero,
               Garland, Gebhardt and McClure, a Wisconsin partnership, and
               Tufco.

     10.14     Stock Option Plan for Carl B. Francis dated April 21, 1995. (6)
               (Exhibit 10.14)

     10.15*    Lease Agreement dated as of April 1, 1996, between Bero,
               Garland, Gebhardt and McClure, a Wisconsin partnership, and
               Tufco.

     10.16*    Amendment to Loan Agreement dated August 22, 1995, between
               Tufco Industries, Inc., Executive Converting Corporation, Hamco
               Industries, Inc. and Bank One, Green Bay.

     10.17*    Separation Agreement dated October 1, 1996 between Carl B.
               Francis and Tufco Technologies, Inc.

     10.18* ** Employment Agreement with Louis LeCalsey, III dated
               September 19, 1996.

     21*       Subsidiaries of the Company.

     23*       Independent Auditors' Report of Wipfli Ullrich Bertelson on the
               fiscal 1995 and 1994 consolidated financial statements.

     27        Financial Data Schedule

- ------------------

     *         Filed Herewith

     **        Management Contract or Compensatory Plan

     (1)       Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration
               Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 33-55828) (the "Registration
               Statement") as filed with the Commission on December 16, 1992.

     (2)       Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration
               Statement as filed with the Commission on November 23, 1993.

     (3)       Incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on
               Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 1995.

     (4)       As well as those factors discussed in the section entitled
               Business in this report, other factors.

     (5)       Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on
               Form 8-K dated August 23, 1995.

     (6)       Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form
               10-K for the period ended September 30, 1995.

(b)  Form 8-K was filed by the registrant August 23, 1995.

(c)  See (a)(3) above for the list of exhibits required to be filed as part of 
     the Annual Report on Form 10-K.





                                     -18-
<PAGE>   19


                                   SIGNATURES


         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Green Bay,
Wisconsin, on December 17, 1996.

                                    Tufco Technologies, Inc.



                                    By:  /s/ Louis LeCalsey, III
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Louis LeCalsey, III
                                         President and Chief Executive Officer

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Signature                                             Title                           Date
         ---------                                             -----                           ----
<S>                                                 <C>                                   <C>
/s/ Louis LeCalsey, III                             President, Chief Executive Officer    December 17, 1996
- -----------------------------------                 and Director (Principal Executive
Louis LeCalsey, III                                 Officer)                         
                                                                                     

/s/ Robert J. Simon                                 Chairman of the Board                 December 17, 1996
- -----------------------------------
Robert J. Simon


/s/ Gregory L. Wilemon                              Chief Financial Officer, Chief        December 17, 1996
- -----------------------------------                 Operating Officer and Secretary
Gregory L. Wilemon                                  (Principal Financial and       
                                                    Accounting Officer)            
                                                                                   

/s/ Samuel J. Bero                                  Director                              December 17, 1996
- -----------------------------------
Samuel J. Bero


/s/ Patrick J. Garland                              Director                              December 17, 1996
- -----------------------------------
Patrick J. Garland


/s/ Robert E. Coghan                                Director                              December 17, 1996
- -----------------------------------
Robert E. Coghan


/s/ C. Hamilton Davison Jr.                         Director                              December 17, 1996
- -----------------------------------
C. Hamilton Davison, Jr.


/s/ Edward A. Leinss                                Director                              December 17, 1996
- -----------------------------------
Edward A. Leinss


/s/ William J. Malooly                              Director                              December 17, 1996
- -----------------------------------
William J. Malooly
</TABLE>





                                     -19-
<PAGE>   20
TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ITEM 8 OF FORM 10-K
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------



                                                                           PAGE

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT..............................................  F-2

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES:

   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 1996 and 1995..........  F-3

   Consolidated Statements of Income
      for the Years Ended September 30, 1996, 1995 and 1994...............  F-4

   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
      for the Years Ended September 30, 1996, 1995 and 1994...............  F-5

   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
      for the Years Ended September 30, 1996, 1995 and 1994...............  F-6

   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.............................  F-7





                                      F-1


<PAGE>   21



INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


To the Directors and Stockholders of
   Tufco Technologies, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Tufco
Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 1996, and the related
consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the
year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audit. The consolidated financial statements
of Tufco Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries for the years ended September 30,
1995 and 1994, were audited by other auditors whose report, dated November 9,
1995, expressed an unqualified opinion on those statements.

We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

In our opinion, such 1996 consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Tufco Technologies, Inc. and
subsidiaries at September 30, 1996, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Dallas, Texas
December 16, 1996



                                      F-2


<PAGE>   22



TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
SEPTEMBER 30, 1996 AND 1995
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ASSETS                                                                                 1996             1995
<S>                                                                               <C>             <C>

CURRENT ASSETS:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                      $    844,615    $  2,129,382
   Certificates of deposit                                                                             843,218
   Accounts receivable (Notes 3 and 7)                                               8,360,911       8,373,065
   Inventories (Notes 4 and 7)                                                       9,556,023       9,092,197
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                           212,072         193,412
   Deferred income taxes (Note 8)                                                      616,498         260,758
                                                                                  ------------    ------------

           Total current assets                                                     19,590,119      20,892,032

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - Net (Notes 5 and 7)                                 15,746,729      15,362,242

GOODWILL - Net (Note 1)                                                             14,112,390      14,017,541

OTHER ASSETS - Net (Note 6)                                                            588,995         788,103
                                                                                  ------------    ------------

TOTAL                                                                             $ 50,038,233    $ 51,059,918
                                                                                  ============    ============

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES:
   Current portion of long-term debt (Note 7)                                     $  2,866,654    $  2,587,990
   Accounts payable                                                                  2,356,305       2,451,221
   Accrued payroll, vacation and payroll taxes                                       1,729,956         797,409
   Other current liabilities                                                         1,471,875         743,251
   Income taxes payable (Note 8)                                                       612,674         398,310
                                                                                  ------------    ------------

           Total current liabilities                                                 9,037,464       6,978,181

LONG-TERM DEBT - Less current portion (Note 7)                                      10,483,128      16,309,178

DEFERRED INCOME TAXES (Note 8)                                                       1,798,246       1,327,855

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 9)

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Note 11):
   Voting common stock, $.01 par value; 9,000,000 shares authorized;
      3,723,585 and 3,700,363 shares issued, respectively                               37,236          37,004
   Nonvoting common stock, $.01 par value;  2,000,000 shares authorized;
      709,870 shares issued and outstanding                                              7,099           7,099
   Additional paid-in capital                                                       23,491,130      23,375,176
   Retained earnings (Note 7)                                                        5,895,257       3,635,740
   Treasury stock at cost, 43,632 and 20,575 voting common shares, respectively       (236,074)       (112,568)
   Stock purchase plan notes                                                          (475,253)       (497,747)
                                                                                  ------------    ------------

             Total stockholders' equity                                             28,719,395      26,444,704
                                                                                  ------------    ------------

TOTAL                                                                             $ 50,038,233    $ 51,059,918
                                                                                  ============    ============
</TABLE>


See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-3


<PAGE>   23




TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1996, 1995 AND 1994
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         1996             1995          1994

<S>                                                  <C>             <C>             <C>
NET SALES                                            $ 68,373,654    $ 47,986,550    $ 36,204,763

COST OF SALES                                          56,042,088      39,795,291      29,724,196
                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------

GROSS PROFIT                                           12,331,566       8,191,259       6,480,567

OPERATING EXPENSES:
   Selling, general and administrative                  6,752,663       4,906,687       3,797,472
   Amortization and other postacquisition expenses        723,966         436,575         453,811
                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------

           Total                                        7,476,629       5,343,262       4,251,283
                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------

OPERATING INCOME                                        4,854,937       2,847,997       2,229,284

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE):
   Interest expense                                    (1,134,489)       (910,894)       (597,325)
   Interest income                                         41,628          26,275          22,328
   Miscellaneous                                            4,671          45,845          63,989
                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------

           Total                                       (1,088,190)       (838,774)       (511,008)
                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES                              3,766,747       2,009,223       1,718,276

INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Note 8)                             1,507,230         808,000         690,000
                                                     ------------    ------------    ------------

NET INCOME                                           $  2,259,517    $  1,201,223    $  1,028,276
                                                     ============    ============    ============

EARNINGS PER SHARE                                   $        .51    $        .37    $        .37
                                                     ============    ============    ============

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON AND
   COMMON EQUIVALENT SHARES
   OUTSTANDING                                          4,437,702       3,248,408       2,789,841
                                                     ============    ============    ============
</TABLE>


See notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                      F-4


<PAGE>   24




TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1996, 1995 AND 1994
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           COMMON STOCK                       
                                                                 ------------------------------------------   
                                                                         VOTING               NONVOTING       
                                                                 --------------------   -------------------   
                                                                   SHARES     AMOUNT      SHARES    AMOUNT    
                                                                                                              
<S>                                                               <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>      
BALANCES AT OCTOBER 1, 1993                                       1,334,771  $13,348     760,684    $7,607   
                                                                                                              
   Issuance of common stock:                                                                                  
      Initial public offering of Tufco Technologies, Inc.           900,000    9,000                          
      Acquisition of Executive Converting Corporation               127,778    1,278                          
      Stock issued to Tufco Industries, Inc. profit sharing plan      2,000       20                          
      Conversion to voting common stock                              50,814      508     (50,814)     (508)   
                                                                                                              
   Purchase of treasury stock, 2,800 shares                                                                   
                                                                                                              
   Net income                                                                                                 
                                                                  ---------  -------     -------    ------   
                                                                                                              
BALANCES AT SEPTEMBER 30, 1994                                    2,415,363   24,154     709,870     7,099    
                                                                                                              
   Issuance of common stock - Acquisition of Hamco, Inc.          1,285,000   12,850                          
                                                                                                              
   Repayment of stock purchase plan notes                                                                     
                                                                                                              
   Purchase of treasury stock, 17,775 shares                                                                  
                                                                                                              
   Net income                                                                                                 
                                                                  ---------  -------     -------    ------   
                                                                                                              
BALANCES AT SEPTEMBER 30, 1995                                    3,700,363   37,004     709,870     7,099   
                                                                                                              
   Exercise of employee stock options                                 6,285       63                         
                                                                                                              
   Issuance of common stock                                          16,937      169                         
                                                                                                              
   Repayment of stock purchase plan notes                                                                     
                                                                                                              
   Purchase of treasury stock, 23,057 shares                                                                  
                                                                                                              
   Net income                                                                                                 
                                                                  ---------  -------     -------    ------ 
                                                                                                              
BALANCES AT SEPTEMBER 30, 1996                                    3,723,585  $37,236    709,870     $7,099 
                                                                  =========  =======    =======     ====== 
<CAPTION>
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                  ADDITIONAL                               STOCK         TOTAL
                                                                   PAID-IN      RETAINED     TREASURY    PURCHASE    STOCKHOLDERS'
                                                                   CAPITAL      EARNINGS       STOCK    PLAN NOTES      EQUITY
                                                                 
<S>                                                              <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>
BALANCES AT OCTOBER 1, 1993                                      $ 8,852,373   $1,406,241    $    -      $ (73,000)  $ 10,206,569
                                                                 
   Issuance of common stock:                                     
      Initial public offering of Tufco Technologies, Inc.          7,011,742                              (240,497)     6,780,245
      Acquisition of Executive Converting Corporation              1,148,724                                            1,150,002
      Stock issued to Tufco Industries, Inc. profit sharing plan      15,380                                               15,400
      Conversion to voting common stock                                                                                      -
                                                                 
   Purchase of treasury stock, 2,800 shares                                                   (16,725)                   (16,725)
                                                                 
   Net income                                                                   1,028,276                              1,028,276
                                                                 -----------   ----------    --------    ---------   -----------
                                                                 
BALANCES AT SEPTEMBER 30, 1994                                    17,028,219    2,434,517     (16,725)    (313,497)   19,163,767
                                                                 
   Issuance of common stock - Acquisition of Hamco, Inc.           6,346,957                              (200,000)    6,159,807
                                                                 
   Repayment of stock purchase plan notes                                                                   15,750        15,750
                                                                 
   Purchase of treasury stock, 17,775 shares                                                  (95,843)                   (95,843)
                                                                 
   Net income                                                                   1,201,223                              1,201,223
                                                                 -----------   ----------    --------    ---------   -----------
                                                                 
BALANCES AT SEPTEMBER 30, 1995                                    23,375,176    3,635,740     (112,568)   (497,747)   26,444,704
                                                                 
   Exercise of employee stock options                                 29,421                                              29,484
                                                                 
   Issuance of common stock                                           86,533                               (75,000)       11,702
                                                                 
   Repayment of stock purchase plan notes                                                                   97,494        97,494
                                                                 
   Purchase of treasury stock, 23,057 shares                                                 (123,506)                 (123,506)
                                                                 
   Net income                                                                   2,259,517                              2,259,517
                                                                 -----------   ----------    --------    ---------   -----------
                                                                 
BALANCES AT SEPTEMBER 30, 1996                                   $23,491,130   $5,895,257    $(236,074)  $(475,253)  $28,719,395
                                                                 ===========   ==========    =========   =========   ===========
</TABLE>


See notes to consolidated financial statements.





                                      F-5




<PAGE>   25



TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1996, 1995 AND 1994
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 1996             1995            1994
<S>                                                                         <C>              <C>         <C>
OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
   Net income                                                               $  2,259,517     $ 1,201,223 $       1,028,276
   Noncash items in net income:
      Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment           1,884,719       1,325,094       1,039,141
      Amortization of goodwill and other assets                                  394,517         321,846         298,293
      Deferred income taxes                                                      114,651         154,097           6,090
      Increase in allowance for doubtful accounts                                 44,476          15,000          30,000
      (Gain) loss on disposition of equipment                                     (4,671)         29,052         (10,202)
   Changes in operating working capital:
      Accounts receivable                                                        (32,322)     (1,008,306)       (126,578)
      Inventories                                                               (463,826)       (748,791)       (468,514)
      Prepaid expenses and other assets                                           71,650        (146,608)        201,164
      Accounts payable                                                           (94,916)       (548,375)        (55,271)
      Accrued and other current liabilities                                    1,323,717         624,771        (413,040)
      Income taxes payable                                                       214,364
                                                                            ------------    ------------    ------------

           Net cash from operations                                            5,711,876       1,219,003       1,529,359
                                                                            ------------    ------------    ------------

INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
   Acquisition of Hamco, Inc. - net of cash acquired                             (11,725)    (12,894,783)
   Acquisition of Executive Converting Corporation - net of cash acquired                                     (7,742,871)
   Additions to property, plant and equipment                                 (2,371,334)     (1,280,056)     (1,386,380)
   Proceeds from disposition of property, plant and equipment                    106,799          37,700          21,700
   Advances to directors and employees                                           (31,389)        (28,421)        (29,245)
   Decrease in certificates of deposit                                           843,218
   Repayment of advances to directors and employees                                                              161,909
   Withdrawal of funds out of restricted account                                                                  55,101
                                                                            ------------    ------------    ------------

           Net cash used in investing activities                              (1,464,431)    (14,165,560)     (8,919,786)
                                                                            ------------    ------------    ------------

FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
   Issuance of long-term debt                                                                 10,016,535       1,809,319
   Repayment of long-term debt                                                (5,547,386)     (1,488,123)     (1,527,241)
   Issuance of common stock                                                       41,186       6,159,807       6,795,645
   Purchase of treasury stock                                                   (123,506)        (95,843)        (16,725)
   Repayment of stock purchase plan notes                                         97,494          15,750
                                                                            ------------    ------------    ------------

           Net cash from (used in) financing activities                       (5,532,212)     14,608,126       7,060,998
                                                                            ------------    ------------    ------------

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                          (1,284,767)      1,661,569        (329,429)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS:
   Beginning of year                                                           2,129,382         467,813         797,242
                                                                            ------------    ------------    ------------

   End of year                                                              $    844,615    $  2,129,382    $    467,813
                                                                            ============    ============    ============

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION:
   Interest paid                                                            $  1,125,036    $    871,730    $    625,305
                                                                            ============    ============    ============

   Income taxes paid                                                        $  1,178,215    $    522,022    $    799,779
                                                                            ============    ============    ============

   Noncash investing and financing activities:
      Issuance of common stock for stock purchase plan notes                $     75,000    $    200,000    $    240,497
                                                                            ============    ============    ============
      Increase in goodwill for other assets and increase
         in other current liabilities                                       $    453,251    $       --      $       --
                                                                            ============    ============    ============
</TABLE>


See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      F-6


<PAGE>   26



TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1996, 1995 AND 1994
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------



1.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS include the accounts of Tufco
      Technologies, Inc. (the "Company") and its wholly owned subsidiaries,
      Tufco Industries, Inc., Executive Converting Corporation and Hamco
      Industries, Inc., acquired in 1992, January 1994 and August 1995,
      respectively. Significant intercompany transactions and balances are
      eliminated in consolidation. The Company, through its wholly owned
      subsidiaries, markets its own line of business imaging paper products,
      and performs specialty printing, custom converting and packaging. The
      Company also manufactures and distributes a wide variety of consumer
      disposables that are sold in the home improvement and paint retailing
      industries. Preparation of financial statements requires management to
      make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
      and liabilities and disclosure of contingencies at the date of the
      financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
      for the period. Differences from those estimates are recorded in the
      period they become known.

      CASH EQUIVALENTS represent liquid investments with maturities at
      acquisition of three months or less.

      INVENTORIES are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost of raw
      materials and finished goods inventories at Tufco Industries, Inc.'s
      Wisconsin division is determined by the last-in, first-out ("LIFO")
      method. Cost of all other inventories is determined by the first-in,
      first-out ("FIFO") method.

      PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT are stated at cost less accumulated
      depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are provided
      using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:
      20 to 40 years for buildings, 3 to 20 years for machinery and equipment,
      and the shorter of the lease term or the asset's useful life for
      leasehold improvements.

      GOODWILL represents the excess of cost over fair value of net assets
      acquired in business combinations, is amortized on a straight-line basis
      over 40 years and is stated net of accumulated amortization of $1,125,040
      and $754,913 at September 30, 1996 and 1995, respectively.

      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS consist of cash, short-term investments,
      receivables, payables, debt and letters of credit, the carrying value or
      disclosed value of which are a reasonable estimate of their fair values
      due to their short maturities or variable interest rates.

      OTHER ASSETS include loan origination fees, which are amortized on a
      straight-line basis over the terms of the related long-term debt, and
      organization costs, which are amortized on a straight-line basis over
      five years.

      DEFERRED INCOME TAXES are provided under the asset and liability method
      for temporary differences in the recognition of certain revenues and
      expenses for tax and financial reporting purposes.

      REVENUES are recognized as sales when goods are shipped and title
      transfers to the customer.



                                      F-7




<PAGE>   27



      STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION arising from stock option grants is accounted
      for by the intrinsic value method under APB Opinion No. 25. Statement of
      Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
      Compensation," will be effective for the Company beginning October 1,
      1996. This statement requires expanded disclosures of stock-based
      compensation arrangements with employees and encourages (but does not
      require) compensation cost to be measured based on the fair value of the
      equity instrument awarded. As permitted by SFAS No. 123, the Company will
      continue to apply APB Opinion No. 25 to its stock-based compensation
      awards to employees and will disclose the required pro forma effect on
      net income and earnings per share.

      EARNINGS PER SHARE is based on the weighted average number of common
      voting and nonvoting shares and common equivalent shares from dilutive
      stock options outstanding during the year.

      RECLASSIFICATIONS of certain 1995 and 1994 amounts have been made to
      conform to the 1996 presentation.

2.    ACQUISITIONS

      Effective August 23, 1995, the Company acquired substantially all of the
      assets and assumed certain liabilities of Hamco, Inc. in Newton, North
      Carolina, which is engaged primarily in printing and converting fine
      grade paper products sold principally through distributorships. The
      assets were acquired by the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Hamco
      Industries, Inc., using the proceeds from the sale of 1,200,000 shares of
      voting common stock and additional bank borrowings. The total cost of the
      acquisition, $14,190,591, including $11,725 paid and $453,251 accrued in
      1996, exceeded the fair value of the net assets acquired by $3,439,720.

      Effective January 28, 1994, the Company completed its acquisition of
      substantially all of the assets of Executive Roll Manufacturing, Inc. in
      Dallas, Texas, which is engaged primarily in converting fine printing
      grade paper products. The assets were acquired by the Company's wholly
      owned subsidiary, Executive Converting Corporation ("ECC"), using the
      proceeds of an initial public offering of common stock and additional
      bank borrowings completed on January 28, 1994. The total cost of the
      acquisition, $8,667,698, consisting of $7,517,696 in cash and $1,150,002
      in the Company's common stock, exceeded the fair value of the net assets
      acquired by $6,179,940.

      These acquisitions were accounted for under the purchase method. The
      results of the acquired operations are included in the consolidated
      financial statements from their acquisition dates. The unaudited
      consolidated results of operations on a pro forma basis as though Hamco
      and ECC were acquired and the related common shares were issued as of the
      beginning of the Company's fiscal years 1995 and 1994 are as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                1995           1994
<S>                                          <C>           <C>
Net sales                                    $62,906,732   $55,399,404
                                             ===========   ===========

Net income                                   $ 1,896,706   $ 1,855,175
                                             ===========   ===========

Earnings per share                           $      0.43   $      0.42
                                             ===========   ===========

Weighted average common shares outstanding     4,396,107     4,411,740
                                             ===========   ===========
</TABLE>





                                      F-8




<PAGE>   28



3.    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMER

      Accounts receivable are stated net of allowances for doubtful accounts of
      $149,476 and $105,000 at September 30, 1996 and 1995, respectively.
      Amounts due from a significant customer represent 10% and 13% of total
      accounts receivable at September 30, 1996 and 1995, respectively.

4.    INVENTORIES

      Inventories at September 30 consist of the following:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        1996           1995

<S>                                                                 <C>            <C>
At the lower of FIFO cost or market:
   Raw materials                                                    $ 5,656,189    $ 5,069,067
   Finished goods                                                     3,924,834      4,537,811
                                                                    -----------    -----------

                                                                      9,581,023      9,606,878

Excess of above FIFO cost over the LIFO cost used for 
   inventories of $3,492,496 and $2,908,395 at September 30, 1996
   and 1995, respectively                                               (25,000)      (514,681)
                                                                    -----------    -----------

Total inventories                                                   $ 9,556,023    $ 9,092,197
                                                                    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>


5.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      Property, plant and equipment at September 30 consist of the following:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      1996          1995

<S>                                              <C>           <C>
Land and land improvements                       $   495,656   $   497,662
Buildings                                          6,812,072     6,170,657
Leasehold improvements                               575,365       366,241
Machinery and equipment                           15,766,119    14,977,616
Furniture and fixtures                             1,165,259       941,081
Vehicles                                              76,206       118,328
                                                 -----------   -----------

                                                  24,890,677    23,071,585

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization     9,189,761     7,709,343
                                                 -----------   -----------

Net depreciated value                             15,700,916    15,362,242
Construction in progress                              45,813
                                                 -----------   -----------

Property, plant and equipment - net              $15,746,729   $15,362,242
                                                 ===========   ===========
</TABLE>


                                      F-9


<PAGE>   29



      6.          OTHER ASSETS

      Other assets at September 30 consist of the following:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           1996            1995

<S>                                                     <C>          <C>
Loan origination and other fees                         $ 164,297    $ 138,836
Less accumulated amortization                             (19,002)      (5,189)
                                                        ---------    ---------

Subtotal                                                  145,295      133,647

Notes receivable bearing interest at 6% to 7%, due in
   variable monthly installments through 2001             108,860      127,429
Advances to certain directors and former employees        265,298      233,909
Cash value of life insurance                                8,317      174,871
Deposits                                                   61,225      118,247
                                                        ---------    ---------

Other assets - net                                      $ 588,995    $ 788,103
                                                        =========    =========
</TABLE>




7.    LONG-TERM DEBT

      Long-term debt at September 30 consists of the following:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        1996               1995

<S>                                                                               <C>                 <C>
Note payable to bank, collateralized by substantially all assets
of the Company, bearing interest at 0.25% below the bank's reference rate
(7.03% fixed through January 31, 2000, at September 30, 1996); installments are
due monthly beginning at $95,833, increasing to $104,166 on August 31, 1997,
$112,439 on August 31, 1998, $91,606 on February 29, 2000, and $95,833 on
August 31, 2000, with final payment due on
July 31, 2001                                                                      $    5,933,333     $    5,875,000

Notes payable to bank, under a revolving line-of-credit agreement (not to
exceed maximum borrowings of $9,750,000, reduced by outstanding letters of
credit - see Note 9), collateralized by accounts receivable and certain other
elements of working capital, bearing interest at 0.25% below the bank's
reference rate, a combination of 150 basis points over LIBOR or 0.25% below the
bank's reference rate (approximately 7.23%)
at September 30, 1996, payable monthly, due March 30, 1998                              2,916,429          5,944,921

Variable rate (4.05% and 4.45% at September 30, 1996 and 1995, respectively)
note payable underlying Industrial Development Revenue Bonds, collateralized by
substantially all assets of the Company, due in annual installments of $250,000
beginning 2000 through 2006, interest payable monthly                                   1,750,000          1,750,000
</TABLE>





                                      F-10




<PAGE>   30




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   1996               1995
<S>                                                                          <C>                 <C>

Note payable to bank, collateralized by substantially all assets
of the Company, due in monthly installments of $41,666 plus
interest at 7.23%, with final payment due May 30, 1999                         $   1,550,020      $ 2,091,678

Note payable to bank, collateralized by equipment, due in one installment of
$50,000 on June 1, 1997, plus interest at
6.75% payable monthly, with final payment due July 2, 1997                         1,200,000        1,200,000

Other notes payable to banks, collateralized by equipment and
real estate, interest from 6.43% to 8.65% - paid in fiscal 1996                                     2,035,569
                                                                               -------------      -----------

Total                                                                             13,349,782       18,897,168

Less current portion                                                               2,866,654        2,587,990
                                                                               --------------     -----------

Long-term debt - less current portion                                          $  10,483,128      $16,309,178
                                                                               =============      ===========


Long-term debt - less current portion matures as follows:


      1998                                                                                        $ 4,682,959
      1999                                                                                          1,899,304
      2000                                                                                          1,441,058
      2001                                                                                          1,209,807
      Thereafter                                                                                    1,250,000
                                                                                                  -----------

      Total                                                                                       $10,483,128
                                                                                                  ===========
</TABLE>




      Loan agreements for all notes except that underlying the Industrial
      Development Revenue Bonds contain certain restrictive covenants,
      including requirements to maintain certain levels of cash flow and to
      restrict capital expenditures, stock purchases, mergers and payment of
      dividends. As of September 30, 1996, retained earnings of $225,952 are
      available for the payment of dividends, subject to maintaining minimum
      levels of cash flow. During fiscal 1996, the Company failed to achieve
      minimum cash flow as defined by the bank and exceeded the limitation on
      capital expenditures, resulting in a violation of its loan agreement,
      under which outstanding debt totaled $11,599,782 at September 30, 1996.
      The violation was waived by the bank as of September 30, 1996, and
      management believes the Company will meet these covenants during fiscal
      1997. The loans are subject to prepayment penalty. The Company has a
      standby letter of credit for the outstanding balance associated with
      Industrial Development Revenue Bonds (see Note 9).



                                      F-11




<PAGE>   31



8.    INCOME TAXES

      The tax effects of significant items comprising the Company's net
      deferred tax liability as of September 30 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   1996           1995

<S>                                                            <C>            <C>
Current deferred tax asset:
   Valuation allowances for accounts receivable and
       inventories, not currently deductible                   $   191,542    $    57,800
   Uniform capitalization of inventory costs                        35,229         43,600
   Vacation and severance accruals, not currently deductible       260,647         72,200
   Other accruals, not currently deductible                         69,259         47,158
   Other                                                            59,821         40,000
                                                               -----------    -----------

Total                                                              616,498        260,758

Noncurrent deferred tax liability:
   Accelerated tax depreciation on property and equipment       (1,434,626)    (1,177,855)
   Accelerated tax amortization of goodwill                       (320,817)      (150,000)
   Other                                                           (42,803)
                                                               -----------    -----------

Total                                                           (1,798,246)    (1,327,855)
                                                               -----------    -----------

Net deferred tax liability                                     $(1,181,748)   $(1,067,097)
                                                               ===========    ===========
</TABLE>





The resulting components of income tax expense are as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           1996          1995         1994
<S>                     <C>          <C>          <C>       
Current tax expense:
   Federal              $1,147,439   $  505,903   $  573,910
   State                   245,140      148,000      110,000
                        ----------   ----------   ----------

Total                    1,392,579      653,903      683,910

Deferred tax expense:
   Federal                  98,463      132,500        5,240
   State                    16,188       21,597          850
                        ----------   ----------   ----------

Total                      114,651      154,097        6,090
                        ----------   ----------   ----------

Income tax expense      $1,507,230   $  808,000   $  690,000
                        ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>





                                      F-12




<PAGE>   32



      Income tax expense varies from the amount determined by applying the
      applicable statutory income tax rates to pretax income as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       1996             1995            1994

<S>                                                <C>            <C>            <C>        
Federal income taxes computed at statutory rates   $ 1,280,694    $   683,000    $   584,000
State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit         172,476         97,000         73,000
Certain goodwill amortization and other
   nondeductibles                                       77,659         53,000         62,000
Other                                                  (23,599)       (25,000)       (29,000)
                                                   -----------    -----------    -----------

Income tax expense                                 $ 1,507,230    $   808,000    $   690,000
                                                   ===========    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>




9.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

      LEASES - Tufco Industries, Inc. leases warehouse facilities from a
      partnership composed of current and former stockholders. The lease
      expires in 2003, is classified as an operating lease and requires monthly
      rental payments of $9,255. The Company has the option of renewing the
      lease for a three-year period with rental amounts renegotiated. Rental
      expense for the lease totaled $105,843, $120,428 and $132,912 for fiscal
      1996, 1995 and 1994, respectively.

      In June 1996, the Company entered into an agreement with a third party to
      construct and lease a 62,000- square-foot facility in Manning, South
      Carolina, which the Company occupied in October 1996. The five-year
      agreement is an operating lease with rental payments of $12,659 per
      month. At the end of the fifth year, the Company has the option of
      renewing the lease for an additional five years or purchasing the
      building. If the lease is not renewed or the purchase option not
      exercised, the Company may be required to pay the lessor a residual
      amount of up to $1,093,587, depending upon the extent, if any, that the
      facility's value has diminished during the lease term.

      The Company also leases other facilities and equipment under operating
      leases. An office and warehouse lease expires on February 28, 2003. The
      equipment leases expire on varying dates over the next five years.

      Future minimum rental commitments under operating leases with initial or
      remaining terms in excess of one year at September 30, 1996, are as
      follows:

<TABLE>
       <S>                                                        <C>       
       1997                                                       $  861,042
       1998                                                          902,198
       1999                                                          900,634
       2000                                                          901,402
       2001                                                          818,028
       Thereafter                                                    831,275
                                                                  ----------

       Total                                                      $5,214,579
                                                                  ==========
</TABLE>


      Net rental expense for all operating leases totaled $692,765, $633,501
      and $436,446 for fiscal 1996, 1995 and 1994, respectively. The Company
      charges its customers for storage, which is netted against rental
      expense.



                                      F-13




<PAGE>   33



      LETTERS OF CREDIT - The Company has outstanding commercial import letters
      of credit of $106,863 and $183,292 as of September 30, 1996 and 1995,
      respectively. These letters of credit collateralize the Company's
      obligations to third parties for the purchase of inventory. The Company
      has unused letters of credit of $643,137 available at September 30, 1996.

      LITIGATION - The Company is subject to lawsuits, investigation and
      potential claims arising out of the ordinary conduct of its business.
      Management believes the outcome of these matters will not materially
      affect the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the
      Company.

10.   PROFIT-SHARING PLANS

      Tufco Industries, Inc. and Hamco Industries, Inc. have a defined
      contribution profit-sharing 401(k) plan covering substantially all
      employees. Both companies make annual contributions at the discretion of
      the board of directors. In addition, the Companies match certain amounts
      of employees' contributions. Effective October 1, 1996, ECC also adopted
      this plan. Profit-sharing plan expense relating to the defined
      contribution profit-sharing 401(k) plan totaled $42,017, $30,462 and
      $30,345 for fiscal 1996, 1995 and 1994, respectively.

11.   STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

      Each record holder of nonvoting common stock is entitled at any time to
      convert any or all of such shares into the same number of shares of
      voting common stock.

      The Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan currently reserves 200,000 shares of
      common stock for grants to selected employees through April 30, 2002, and
      provides that the price and exercise period be determined by the board of
      directors. Options vest primarily over three years and expire five years
      from date of grant. During fiscal 1996, 1995 and 1994, options to 
      purchase 77,635, 20,200 and 23,825 shares, respectively, of voting 
      common stock were granted. In addition, during fiscal 1995, options to 
      purchase 125,000 shares of voting common stock were granted to a key 
      employee under a non-qualified stock option agreement providing for 
      immediate exercise and expiring five years from date of grant.

      The Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan for nonemployee members of
      the board of directors reserves 50,000 shares of common stock for grant
      and provides that the purchase price be fair market value at the date of
      grant. Options are exercisable immediately and for a period of ten 
      years. The plan terminates in 1999. During fiscal 1996, 1995 and 1994, 
      options to purchase 14,000, 12,000 and 10,000 shares, respectively, of 
      voting common stock were granted.



                                      F-14




<PAGE>   34


      Stock option activity is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               SHARES
                                               UNDER      OPTION PRICE
                                               OPTION      PER SHARE
<S>                                           <C>        <C>          
     Outstanding at October 1, 1993             7,410    $        4.86
     Granted:
        1994                                   33,825    $6.60 - $9.00
        1995                                  157,200    $4.65 - $5.00
        1996                                   91,635    $4.50 - $7.00
     Canceled:
        1995                                  (10,570)   $4.65 - $9.00
        1996                                  (17,413)   $4.50 - $9.00
     Exercised:
        1996                                   (6,285)   $4.65 - $4.86
                                             --------    

     Outstanding at September 30, 1996        255,802    $4.50 - $9.00
                                             ========    

     Exercisable at September 30, 1996        188,315    $4.50 - $9.00
                                             ========    
</TABLE>



      The Company sold shares to management employees under various stock
      purchase agreements as follows: 29,997 shares at $9.00 per share in 1994;
      85,000 shares at $5.00 per share in 1995; and 16,937 shares at $4.80 to
      $6.75 per share in 1996. The purchases are financed by the Company
      through notes with the employees at 5% to 8% interest payable annually
      and are due as follows: $98,976 in 1997, $35,000 in 1998, $34,998 in
      1999, $241,279 in 2000, and $65,000 in 2001. The outstanding balances of
      $475,253 and $497,747 at September 30, 1996 and 1995, respectively, are
      presented as a reduction of stockholders' equity.

      The Company has 1,000,000 shares authorized and unissued $.01 par value
      preferred stock.

12.   RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      The Company has an agreement with Bradford Ventures, Ltd., an affiliate
      of the two largest stockholders of the Company, under which Bradford
      Ventures, Ltd. provides various financial and management consulting
      services until January 2004, when the agreement will be automatically
      renewed unless terminated by either party. The agreement calls for an
      annual fee of $210,000 with annual increases of 5% plus reimbursement of
      reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. The Company believes the terms of its
      consulting agreement are comparable to those available from unaffiliated
      third parties for similar services. Consulting expense was $210,000,
      $100,833 and $177,083 for fiscal 1996, 1995 and 1994, respectively. Also,
      in 1995, $105,000 was capitalized as part of the purchase price of Hamco,
      Inc.

                                     ******

                                      F-15




<PAGE>   35
                              INDEX TO EXHIBITS



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER                   DESCRIPTION
- -------                  -----------
<S>            <C>
     3.1       Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1) (Exhibit 3.1)

     3.2       Bylaws (1) (Exhibit 3.2)

     10.1      Stock Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of February
               25, 1992, among the Company, Tufco Industries, Inc. ("Tufco"),
               and the Stockholders of Tufco. (1) (Exhibit 10.1)

     10.2      Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement with Bradford
               Investment Partners, L.P. (3) (Exhibit 10)

     10.3      Loan Agreement, dated May 1, 1992, between the Village of
               Ashwaubenon, Wisconsin, and the Company. (1) (Exhibit 10.11)

     10.4      1992 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (1) (Exhibit 10.12)

     10.5      Form of Employee Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company
               and certain key employees of the Company. (1) (Exhibit 10.17)

     10.6      1993 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan. (2) (Exhibit
               10.19)

     10.7      Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of March 29, 1995 between
               Bank One, Green Bay; Tufco Industries, Inc.; and Executive
               Converting Corporation.(3)

     10.8      Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of May 18, 1995 between
               Bank One, Green Bay; Tufco Industries, Inc.; and Executive
               Converting Corporation. (4) (Exhibit 6(a))

     10.10     Loan Agreement, dated August 22, 1995, between Tufco Industries,
               Inc., Executive Converting Corporation, Hamco Industries, Inc.,
               and Bank One, Green Bay. (5) (Exhibit 2.1)

     10.11* ** Amended Employment Agreement with Greg Wilemon, dated September
               18, 1995.

     10.13     Lease Agreement, dated as of March 1, 1995, between Bero,
               Garland, Gebhardt and McClure, a Wisconsin partnership, and
               Tufco.

     10.14     Stock Option Plan for Carl B. Francis dated April 21, 1995. (6)
               (Exhibit 10.14)

     10.15*    Lease Agreement dated as of April 1, 1996, between Bero,
               Garland, Gebhardt and McClure, a Wisconsin partnership, and
               Tufco.

     10.16*    Amendment to Loan Agreement dated August 22, 1995, between
               Tufco Industries, Inc., Executive Converting Corporation, Hamco
               Industries, Inc. and Bank One, Green Bay.

     10.17*    Separation Agreement dated October 1, 1996 between Carl B.
               Francis and Tufco Technologies, Inc.

     10.18* ** Employment Agreement with Louis LeCalsey, III dated
               September 19, 1996.

     21*       Subsidiaries of the Company.

     23*       Independent Auditors' Report of Wipfli Ullrich Bertelson on the 
               fiscal 1995 and 1994 consolidated financial statements. 

     27        Financial Data Schedule
</TABLE>

- ------------------

     *         Filed Herewith

     **        Management Contract or Compensatory Plan

     (1)       Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration
               Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 33-55828) (the "Registration
               Statement") as filed with the Commission on December 16, 1992.

     (2)       Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration
               Statement as filed with the Commission on November 23, 1993.

     (3)       Incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on
               Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 1995.

     (4)       As well as those factors discussed in the section entitled
               Business in this report, other factors.

     (5)       Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on
               Form 8-K dated August 23, 1995.

     (6)       Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form
               10-K for the period ended September 30, 1995.

(b)  Form 8-K was filed by the registrant August 23, 1995.

(c)  See (a)(3) above for the list of exhibits required to be filed as part of 
     the Annual Report on Form 10-K.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         This Agreement is made as of the 1st day of October, 1996 between
Tufco Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Tufco"), and Gregory L.
Wilemon (The "Employee").

                                    RECITALS

         Tufco desires to employ the Employee, and the Employee desires to
become an employee of Tufco, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set
forth. Tufco Technologies, Inc., is a Delaware corporation ("Tufco").

WITNESSETH:

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises
contained herein, the parties hereto, each intending to be legally bound
hereby, agree as follows:

1.       Employment.

         Tufco hereby employs the Employee as its Chief Operating Officer, and
the Employee hereby accepts such employment. During the term of employment
under this Agreement (the "Employment Term"), the Employee shall perform such
duties as are required from time to time by the Chairman of the Board of Tufco
Technologies, the Board of Directors of Tufco Technologies (the "Board") or any
senior officer of Tufco Technologies, Inc.

2.       Performance.

         During the Employment Term, the Employee shall devote his entire 
business efforts to the performance of his duties hereunder.

3.       Term.

         Unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Sections 5 or
6, the Employment Term shall be for an initial term of two years commencing on
October 1, 1996 and continuing thereafter for successive one-year renewal
terms.

4.       Compensation for Employment.

         (a)      The basic annual compensation of the Employee for his
employment services to Tufco and to all of its affiliated companies during the
Employment Term shall be $150,000 (the "Salary"), which Tufco shall pay to the
Employee in accordance with its normal payroll policy. Tufco may adjust the
Salary upward on an annual basis as the Board may determine, but the Salary
shall not be decreased.

         (b)      Commencing as of October 1, 1996, (the "Bonus Starting Date")
and continuing during the Employment Term, Tufco shall pay the Employee a bonus
in accordance with this paragraph (b). For each fiscal year during the
Employment Term, the Board, in its sole discretion, shall establish a budget
for pre-tax income in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied ("GAAP") and the Employee's bonus will vary as a
percentage of Salary in relation to the percentage achievement of that budget
as follows:
<PAGE>   2
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
              Percentage of                      Percentage of Salary
             Budget Attained                       Earned as Bonus
             ---------------                       ---------------
                 <S>                                      <C>
             Less than 90%                                 40%
                 100%                                      50%
                 110%                                      60%
                 120%                                      70%
                 130%                                      80%
                 140%                                      90%
                 150%                                     100%
</TABLE>

For a percentage of budget achievement between the benchmarks, the percentage
of Salary shall be linearly interpolated, provided that no bonus shall be paid
for achievement less than 90% of budget and the maximum bonus shall be 100% of
Salary in any event. In the case of a partial fiscal year, Tufco shall adjust
the bonus to correspond to Tufco's budget and the salary for the portion of the
applicable fiscal year that shall be included in the Employment Term.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee's initial bonus period (the
"Initial Bonus Period") shall be the period starting with October 1, 1996, and
ending September 30, 1997, and Tufco shall use its budget for that period to
determine the Employee's eligibility for a bonus, and then apply the applicable
bonus percentage to that portion of the Employee's annual Salary that relates
to the Initial Bonus Period. The Employee's second bonus period shall be the
period beginning October 1, 1997 and ending with the last day of Tufco's fiscal
year, and Tufco shall prepare a budget for that period and determine the
Employee's eligibility for a bonus in the manner described for the Initial
Bonus Period.

         (c)      During the Employment Term, Tufco shall also provide the
Employee with those fringe benefits that are specified on Exhibit "A" hereto
(the "Fringe Benefits"). Tufco shall also reimburse the Employee for any
reasonable business expenses incurred on Tufco's behalf in connection with the
performance of his services during the Employment Term.

         (d)      Stock Options. Options are granted periodically to selected
executives at the sole discretion of the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The
timing, the exercise price, as well as the vesting period and the number of
options (if any) will be determined annually by the Chairman of the Board of
Directors.

5.       Termination Without Compensation.

         (a)      Non-Renewal of Term. The Employment Term may be terminated
by Employee hereto as of the end of the initial term or any renewal term then in
effect by giving written notice of the intention to terminate the Employment
Term at least 30 days prior to the proposed termination date.

         (b)      Partial or Total Disability. If the Employee is unable to
perform his duties and responsibilities hereunder to the full extent required
hereunder by reason of illness, injury or incapacity for six months (during
which time he shall continue to be compensated hereunder), Tufco may terminate
the Employment Term, and Tufco shall not have any further liability or
obligation to the Employee hereunder except for any unpaid Salary and Fringe
Benefits accrued to the date of termination. In the event of any dispute under
this Section 6(b), the Employee shall submit to a physical examination by a
licensed physician mutually satisfactory to Tufco and the Employee, the cost of
such examination to be paid by Tufco, and the determination of such physician
shall be determinative. If, after termination due to disability as provided
herein, the Employee obtains, at his sole expense, medical certification from a
licensed physician reasonably satisfactory to Tufco that such disability has
ended, Tufco shall offer to employ the Employee pursuant to the terms of this





                                      2
<PAGE>   3
Agreement for the remainder of the initial term or any renewal term in effect
at the time of termination, except that Tufco shall not be required to reemploy
the Employee at the same position if Tufco shall have elected another person to
such position during the period of the Employee's disability and such other
person continues in such position at the time of the Employee's return to
employment.

         (c)      Death. If the Employee dies, this Employment Agreement
(except for the provisions of Sections 6, 10 and 11 hereof shall terminate, and
thereafter Tufco shall not have any further liability or obligation to the
Employee, his executors, administrators, heirs, assigns or any other person
claiming under or through him except for unpaid Salary and Fringe Benefits
accrued to the date of his death.

         (d)      Cause. Tufco may terminate the Employment Term for "cause"
by giving the Employee 30 days' notice of the termination date, and thereafter
Tufco shall not have any further liability or obligation to the Employee.  For
purposes of this Agreement, "Cause" shall mean the failure of the Employee to
observe or perform (other than by reason of illness, injury or incapacity) any
of the material terms or provisions of this Agreement, dishonesty, willful
misconduct, material neglect of Tufco's business, conviction of a felony or
other crime involving moral turpitude, misappropriation of funds or habitual
insobriety. Any such willful misconduct or material neglect shall constitute
"cause" only if the action (or omission) at issue shall be continuing 30 days
after Tufco gives the Employee notice of such willful misconduct or material
neglect.

6.       Termination With Compensation.

         (a)      Non-Renewal of Term. The Employment Term may be terminated
by either party hereto as of the end of the initial term or any renewal term
then in effect by giving written notice of the intention to terminate the
Employment Term at least 90 days prior to the proposed termination date. If
Tufco terminated the Employment Term under such circumstances, Tufco shall
provide the Employee with the Termination Compensation specified in Section
6(c).

         (b)      Without Cause. Tufco shall have the right to terminate the
employment Term without cause at any time by giving the Employee 30 days' notice
of the termination date. Under such circumstances, Tufco shall provide the
Employee with the Termination Compensation specified in Section 6(c).

         (c)      Termination Compensation. The "Termination Compensation"
shall consist of the following: (1) in the case of a termination by Tufco under
Section 6(a), payment of the Employee's Salary under Section 4(a), at the level
in effect at the date of termination, for the longer of (A) any remaining part
of the initial two-year term of the Employment Term or (B) one year. The
Employee shall not be entitled to any Termination Compensation under this
Section 6 unless the Employee executes and delivers to the Company after a
notice of termination a release in a form satisfactory to the Company in its
sole discretion by which the Employee releases the Company from any obligations
and liabilities of any type whatsoever, except for Tufco obligation to provide
the Salary specified in this Section 6. The parties hereto acknowledge that the
Salary to be provided under this Section 6 are to be provided in consideration
for the above-specified release.

         (d)      Exclusivity. Upon any termination by Tufco under Section
6(a), or Section 6(b), Tufco shall not have any obligation to the Employee, his
executors, administrators, heirs, assigns or any other person claiming under or
through him other than to provide the Termination Compensation under the terms
and conditions of Section 6(c). Upon any termination by the Employee under
Section 6(a), Tufco shall not have any further liability or obligation to the
Employee, his executors, administrators, heirs, assigns or any other person
claiming under or through him except to provide to the Employee any unpaid
Salary and Fringe Benefits that shall have accrued through the date of
termination.





                                      3
<PAGE>   4
7.       Agreement Not to Compete.

         (a)      During the non-Competition Period (defined below), the
Employee shall not, within the Restricted Area (defined below), directly or
indirectly, in any capacity, render his services, engage or have a financial
interest in, any business that is competitive with any of those business
activities in which Tufco, Tufco Industries, Inc. and Tufco Technologies, Inc.
shall have been engaged during his employment by it, including paper converting,
mill roll converting, paper sheeting, slitting and rewinding paper rolls,
facsimile rolls, and buying and reselling paper products, nor shall the Employee
assist any person or entity that is engaged in such business, including by
making Tufco Information (defined below) available to any such person or entity.
In addition, during the Non-Competition Period, the Employee shall not directly
or indirectly solicit or otherwise encourage any of the employees of any Tufco
Party (defined below) to terminate their employment with the applicable Tufco
Party. As used herein, the "Restricted Area" means the United States of America.
If a court determines that the foregoing restrictions are too broad or otherwise
unreasonable under applicable law, including with respect to time or space, the
court is hereby requested and authorized by the parties hereto to review the
foregoing restriction to include the maximum restrictions allowable under
applicable law. The "Non-Competition Period" means the period equal to the sum
of (A) the period of the Employee's employment hereunder, (B) any period during
which the Employee is paid any Termination Compensation (defined above) and (C)
an additional one year after the end of the later of the period in clauses (A)
and (B).

         (b)      The terms of this Section 5 shall apply to Employee and any
person, partnership, association, corporation or other entity (collectively, a
"Person") controlled by the Employee, including any relative of the Employee, to
the same extent as if they were parties hereto, and the Employee shall take
whatever actions may be necessary to cause any such persons or entities to
adhere to the terms of this Section 5.

         (c)      In the event of the voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy of
Employer or the filing of a plan for reorganization by Employer resulting in the
termination of the contract of employment or a situation giving rise to
circumstances by which Employer fails to make any payment of compensation set
forth in the Employment Agreement, Employee shall be relieved of all obligations
under the Employment Agreement relating to covenants against competition as set
forth in Section 7 of the Agreement.

8.       Inventions, Designs and Product Developments.

         All inventions, innovations, designs, ideas and product developments
(collectively, the "Developments"), developed or conceived by the Employee,
solely or jointly with others, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, at
any time during the Employment Term and that relate to the actual or planned
business activities of Tufco, Tufco or any person controlled by either or both
of them (any such party is referred to herein as a "Tufco Party") and all of the
Employee's right, title and interest therein, shall be the exclusive property of
the applicable Tufco Party. The Employee hereby assigns, transfers and conveys
to any applicable Tufco Party all of his right, title and interest in and to any
and all such Developments. As requested from time to time by the Board, the
Employee shall disclose fully, as soon as practicable and in writing, all
Developments to the Board. At any time and from time to time, upon request of
any of the Board, the Employee shall execute and deliver to Tufco any and all
instruments, documents and papers, give evidence and do any and all other acts
that, in the opinion of counsel for Tufco, are or any be necessary or desirable
to document such transfer or to enable any applicable Tufco Party to file and
prosecute applications for and to acquire, maintain and enforce any and all
patients, trademark registrations or copyrights under United States or foreign
law with respect to any such Developments or to obtain any extension,
validation, reissue, continuance or renewal of any such patent, trademark or
copyright. The applicable Tufco Party will be responsible for the preparation of
any such instruments, documents and paper and for the prosecution of any such
proceedings and will reimburse the Employee for all reasonable expenses incurred
by him in compliance with the provisions of this Section.





                                      4
<PAGE>   5
9.       Confidential Information.

         (a)      The Employee has had and will have possession of or access
to confidential information relating to the business of one or more Tufco
Parties, including writings, equipment, processes, drawings, reports, manuals,
invention records, financial information, business plans, customer lists, the
identity of or other facts relating to prospective customers, inventory lists,
arrangements with suppliers and customer, computer programs, or other material
embodying trade secrets, customer or product information or technical or
business information of certain Tufco Parties.  All such information, other than
any information that is in the public domain through no act or omission of the
Employee or which he is authorized to disclose, is referred to collectively as
the "Tufco Information." During and after the Employment Term, the Employee
shall not (1) use or exploit in any manner the Tufco Information for himself or
any Person other than a Tufco Party, (ii) remove any Tufco Information, or any
reproduction thereof, from the possession or control of any Tufco Party or (iii)
treat Tufco Information otherwise than in a confidential manner.

         (b)      All Tufco Information developed, created or maintained by
the Employee, alone or with others while employed by Tufco, and all Tufco
Information maintained by the Employee thereafter, shall remain at all times the
exclusive property of the applicable Tufco Party. The Employee shall return to
Tufco all Tufco Information, and reproductions thereof, whether prepared by him
or others, that are in his possession immediately upon request and in any event
upon the completion of his employment by Tufco.

10.      Remedies.

         The Employee expressly acknowledges that the remedy at law for
any breach of Sections 7, 8 or 9 will be inadequate and that upon any such
breach or threatened breach, Tufco (or the applicable Tufco Party) shall be
entitled as a matter of right to injunctive relief in any court of competent
jurisdiction, in equity or otherwise, and to enforce the specific performance
of the Employee's obligations under these provisions without the necessity of
proving the actual damage or the inadequacy of a legal remedy. Subject to the
remainder of this Section 10, the rights conferred upon Tufco (and any Tufco
Party) by the preceding sentence shall not be exclusive of, but shall be in
addition to, any other rights or remedies which Tufco may have at law, in
equity or otherwise.

11.      Survival.

         Notwithstanding the termination of the Employment Term pursuant to 
Section 5 or 6, the obligations of the Employee under Sections 7, 8 and 9 
hereof shall survive and remain in full force and effect and Tufco shall be 
entitled to relief against the Employee pursuant to the provisions of
Section 10 hereof.

12.      General.

         (a)      Governing Law. The terms of this Agreement shall be governed
by the laws of the State of Wisconsin.

         (b)      Interpretation. Unless the context of this Agreement
clearly requires otherwise, (i) references to the plural include the singular,
and to the singular include the plural, (ii) "or" has the inclusive meaning
frequently identified with the phrase "and/or" and (iii) "Including" has the
inclusive meaning frequently identified with the phrase "but not limited to."
The section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not control or affect the construction or this Agreement
or the interpretation thereof in any respect. Section, subsection, schedule and
exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Each
accounting term used herein that is not specifically defined herein shall have
the meaning given to it under GAAP.





                                      5
<PAGE>   6
         (c)      Binding Effect. All of the terms and provisions of this
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit and be enforceable by
the respective heirs, representatives, successors (including any successor as a
result of a merger or similar reorganization) and assigns of the parties hereto,
except that the duties and responsibilities of the Employee hereunder are of a
personal nature and shall not be assignable in whole or in part by the Employee.
Any Tufco Party other than Tufco is a third party beneficiary of this Agreement
and may enforce the provisions of this Agreement that pertain to such Tufco
Party, including Sections 7, 8 and 9, to the same extent as if a party hereto.

         (d)      Notices. All notices required to be given under this 
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when
personally delivered or when mailed by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid, return receipt requested, or when sent by Federal Express or other
overnight delivery service, addressed as follows:

         TO EMPLOYEE:                               TO:TUFCO

         Mr. Gregory L. Wilemon                     Tufco Technologies     
         One Shadowridge Court                      Attn: President/CEO    
         Frisco, TX 75034                           P.0. Box 23500         
                                                    Green Bay WI 54305-3500
        
                                       
                                       
                                       



         (e)      Entire Agreement; Termination of Prior Agreement; 
Modification. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be
modified or amended in any way except in writing by the parties hereto.

         (f)      Duration. Notwithstanding the termination of the Employment
Term and of the Employee relationship with Tufco, this Agreement shall continue
to bind the parties for so long as any obligations remain under this Agreement,
and in particular, the Employee shall continue to be bound by the terms of
Sections 7, 8 and 9.

         (g)      Waiver. No waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall be
construed to be a waiver as to succeeding breaches.

         (h)      Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or 
application thereof to anyone under any circumstances is adjudicated to be
invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such validity or unenforceability
shall not affect any other provisions or applications of this Agreement which
can be given effect without the invalid or unenforceable provision or
application and shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in
any other jurisdiction.

         (i)      Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the
signatures hereto were upon the same instrument.





                                      6
<PAGE>   7
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound,
have hereunto duly executed this Agreement the day and year first written
above.

                                        TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                        By: /s/ LOUIS LECALSEY
                                           -------------------------
                                              LOUIS LeCALSEY

                                            /s/ GREGORY L. WILEMON
                                           -------------------------
                                              GREGORY L. WILEMON
<PAGE>   8
                ADDENDUM TO EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT OF: Greg Wilemon

Tufco Technologies agrees to provide the benefits listed below to Greg Wilemon,
as a supplement to the employment contract dated 1 October 1996.

   -   Company paid health insurance, dental insurance, and disability
       insurance.

   -   Company paid life insurance policy in the amount of $1,000,000.
           
   -   Company paid country club membership.

   -   Immediate vesting of all stock option grants upon any significant change
       of ownership in Tufco Technologies.


                                                                  
                                       


   Agreed to by Tufco Technologies:
   
   PRINTED NAME OF EMPLOYEE: Greg Wilemon



   
   TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES:
   
   /s/ LOUIS LECALSEY
   -------------------
   LOUIS LECALSEY
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>LEASE AGREEMENT DATE APRIL 1, 1996
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                   LEASE BETWEEN BERO, GARLAND, GEBHARDT AND
                 McCLURE PARTNERSHIP AND TUFCO INDUSTRIES, INC.

         THIS LEASE, made as of this 1st day of April, 1996, by and between
Bero, Garland, Gebhardt and McClure, a Wisconsin partnership, and Tufco
Industries, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation, of Green Bay, Wisconsin, hereinafter
called Lessee:
                                        WITNESSETH:

         1.      That the said Lessor does hereby lease to said Lessee and said
Lessee agrees to lease the property described in attached Exhibit A, together
with all improvements, furnishings, fixtures and equipment located on said
premises, hereinafter called the leased property.  Reference Exhibit B.

         2.      This Lease is for the term of 7 years, from April 1, 1996 to
April 1, 2003, for the annual rental of $110,060.00, payable monthly in the sum
of $9,255.00, commencing April 1, 1996, and on the first day of each month
thereafter.

         Lessee shall have the option to renew this Lease for an additional
term of three years upon the same terms and conditions as set forth herein
except for rental as herein specified. Rental for the renewal three year term
shall be negotiated by the parties. Lessee may exercise this option by giving
written notice to Lessor at least 90 days before expiration of the original
term set forth herein.

         3.      That the rent herein specified shall be net to the Lessor in
each month during the term of this Lease; that all costs, expenses and
obligations of every kind relating to the
<PAGE>   2
leased property (except herein set forth) which may arise or become due during
the term of this Lease shall be paid by the Lessee, and that the Lessor shall
be indemnified by the Lessee against any costs, expenses and obligations. All
costs, expenses and obligations assessed prior to but payable in whole or in
installments after the effective date of the lease term, and all taxes assessed
during the term, shall be adjusted and pro-rated, so that the Lessor shall pay
their pro-rated share for the period prior to and for the period subsequent to
the lease term and the Lessee shall pay its pro-rated share for the lease term.

         4.      That the Lessee shall pay all charges for utilities,
including, but not limited to gas, electricity, light, heat, power and
telephone used, rendered or supplied, upon or in connection with the leased
property, and shall indemnify the Lessor against any liabilities or payments on
such account. That the said Lessee shall pay all costs for janitorial services
performed upon the leased premises and shall indemnify the Lessor against any
liability or payments on such account.

         5.      That the Lessee shall keep the leased property adequately
insured throughout the term of this Lease, including general liability
insurance and fire and extended coverage insurance. If, at the option of the
Lessor, the Lessor should apply for such insurance and pay the premiums
therefor, the Lessee shall indemnify said Lessor for all insurance premiums
paid by said Lessor for all insurance coverage on the leased property. That
Lessee shall furnish copies of said policies to Lessor at the request of
Lessor.





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3
         The Lessor and Lessee hereby waive any right by way of subrogation
that their insurers might otherwise have as against them or either of them
arising out of transactions or occurrences which are the subject of payment of
insurance proceeds by said insurers by reason of casualties insured pursuant to
this Lease, to the extent that such subrogation rights are permitted to be
waived by said policies, and said policies, to the extent permitted, shall
recognize this waiver of subrogation.

         6.      That the Lessor shall be responsible for, and shall pay for
all repairs and improvements to the leased property, both inside and outside,
except that the Lessee shall be responsible for and shall pay for repair of any
damages caused by the negligence of Lessee and its agents and employees.

         7.      That the said Lessee does promise and agree to pay said rent
at the time and in the manner aforesaid, during the continuance of said term,
and not to underlease or sublet said premises or any part thereof or assign
this Lease, without the written consent of the Lessor, to quit and deliver up
the same to the Lessor peaceably and quietly at the end of said term; and also
to keep the same in as good repair as the same are in at the commencement of
said term (reasonable use and wear thereof, and damage by fire or other
unavoidable accidents not happening through the neglect of the Lessee, only
excepted) and the Lessor may enter to view the premises at all reasonable
times. If the Lessee shall fail to pay the rent aforesaid at the time
expressed in this Lease, or shall underlease or sublet the said premises or
assign the Lease without the written consent of the Lessor, the Lessor may
enter on and expel the Lessee from said premises


                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4
forthwith; and it is stipulated that in case the premises should be sold during
the said term, then and in that case this Lease shall remain in full force and
effect pursuant to the terms herein. Lessor grants Lessee the right of first
refusal in the event of the sale of the building. Lessee shall have 30 days to
exercise such option.

         8.      The Lessor agrees that it will tender and turn over the
defense to the Lessee or to the Lessee's insurers, any claims, demands or suits
instituted against the Lessor or the Lessor and Lessee jointly arising out of
or on account of any damage or injuries, including wrongful death, to any
person or persons or to property in or about the leased premises or arising out
of activities conducted on the leased premises or in or about any building or
other improvement thereon, and the Lessee agrees to indemnify and hold the
Lessor harmless against and from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits,
damages, judgments, orders, liabilities or expenses, including reasonable
attorneys' fees and disbursements, arising out of or on account of any such
damage or injuries, including wrongful death.

         9.      That the leased property shall be used by the Lessee for
warehouse and manufacturing purposes and other purposes reasonably related to
those uses.

         10.     Lessee agrees to comply with all reasonable rules and
regulations Lessor may adopt from time to time for the protection and welfare
of the building and its tenants and occupants.

         11.     If the building is damaged and made partially or wholly
untenantable by fire or other casualty, and Lessor shall determine not to
restore it, Lessor may by notice to Lessee given


                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5
within 60 days after such damage, terminate this Lease. Such termination shall
become effective as of the date of such damage, if the premises are damaged,
otherwise as of a date 60 days following the service of such notice of lease
termination. Unless the Lease is terminated as hereinabove provided, if the
premises are made partially or wholly untenantable by fire or other casualty,
Lessor shall restore the same with available insurance funds and at Lessor's
expense with reasonable promptness. In the event of termination of this Lease,
pursuant to this paragraph, rent shall be pro-rated on a per diem basis and
paid to the date of the fire or other casualty, unless the premises shall be
tenantable and reasonably accessible in which case rent shall be payable to the
date of the Lease termination. If the premises are untenantable or are not
readily accessible and this Lease is not terminated, rent shall abate on a per
diem basis from the date of the fire or other casualty until the premises are
ready for occupancy and reasonably accessible to Lessee. If part of the
premises are untenantable, rent shall be pro-rated on a per diem basis and
apportioned in accordance with the part of the premises usable by Lessee, until
the damaged part is ready for Lessee's occupancy. In all cases, due allowance
shall be made for reasonable delay caused by adjustment of insurance loss,
strikes, labor difficulties or any cause beyond Lessor's reasonable control.

         12.     If, by any action of the public authorities, or any similar
cause or reason not within the scope of the immediately preceding paragraph 11,
the demised premises or any part thereof shall have become untenantable for
Lessee's business as now


                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6
conducted, the parties shall have the same options, rights and obligations as
provided in the case of partial destruction by fire, in the immediately
preceding paragraph 11.

         13.     This Lease shall replace a Lease between the Lessor and Lessee
dated March l, 1995, and said March 1, 1995 Lease is terminated and null and
void as of the commencement date of this Lease.

         14.     That the covenants herein contained shall bind the parties
mutually and their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and
assigns.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have hereunto set their hands and
seals as of the day and year first herein written.
        
                         BERO, GARLAND, GEBHARDT &
                         McCLURE, a Wisconsin Partnership
                         (Lessor)

                         --------------------------------
                         Samuel J. Bero - Partner
                         

                         --------------------------------
                         Patrick J. Garland - Partner
                         

                         --------------------------------
                         Robert N. McClure - Partner
                         
                         The Paul W. Gebhardt and Doris N.
                         Gebhardt Revocable Trust Dated
                         April 4, 1994 - Partner, By:


                         --------------------------------    
                         Paul W. Gebhardt as Co-Trustee


                         --------------------------------   
                         Doris N. Gebhardt as Co-Trustee


                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7
                         TUFCO INDUSTRIES, INC. (Lessee)


                         By:  /s/ GREG WILEMON CFO
                            ----------------------


                         By:
                            ----------------------


                                      -7-
<PAGE>   8
                                   EXHIBIT A
                         Description of Leased Property

The 43,750 square foot building located at 1055 Parkview Street, Village of
Ashwaubenon, Brown County, Wisconsin, and access thereto.


<PAGE>   9
                                   EXHIBIT B

Lessor agrees to make the following improvements prior to or within 60 days of
move-in. Should Lessor choose to change specifications or contractor, Lessee
reserves the right to review and approve such changes.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  Estimated
                                  ---------
Project                           Cost                      Contractor
- -------                           ----                      ----------
<S>                               <C>                       <C>
Move and install existing air
conditioning units           
(20 tons total capacity) from
Tufco Industries, Ridge Road 
building to the leased       
premises.                         $ 2,295.00                Robinson Metal Inc.

Construct a 150 foot
demising wall.                    $11,243.00                Schuh Construction

Construct a 12 foot by
12 foot office area.              $ 4,469.00                Schuh Construction

Provide 480 Amps
(external electric).              $ 2,800.00                WPS (Wisconsin
                                                            Public Service)
Install electrical service
and wiring necessary to
supply power to the HVAC
system.                           $17,750.00                Team Services

Contingency                       $ 2,000.00

TOTAL:                            $40,557.00
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.16


                              [BANKONE LETTERHEAD]

April 5, 1996

Mr. Greg Wilemon
Secretary and Chief Financial Officer
Tufco Technologies, Inc.
4650 Simonton
Dallas, Texas 75244

RE: Amendment to Loan Agreement Dated August 22, 1995

Dear Greg:

Enclosed is the amendment to the above referenced loan agreement to reflect the
restructuring of Tufco's indebtedness with Bank One.

The $9,750,000 revolving line of credit will no longer consist of three
individual notes for each operating entity, but will now consist of a single
$9,750,000.00 note under which all advances will be made. As such, each
individual operating entity will need to track their advances and payments on
the line. Upon the completion of the lock box study and implementation of a
"Line of Credit Sweep" the advances and payments on the line can be automated.

The revolving line of credit will continue to have a Reference rate pricing
option but also a LIBOR pricing option. The terms and conditions under which
the LIBOR advances will be made are detailed in the amendment to the Loan
Agreement. All LIBOR advances need to be requested two days prior to the actual
advance. Tufco win be required to notify the Bank of their intent to renew any
maturing LIBOR advances, otherwise they will be converted to the Reference rate
option at maturity. To request a LIBOR advance, please call me or my assistant
Maureen Van Roy (x2644) with the request and we will fax to you the LIBOR rates
and then a confirmation of your selected LIBOR advance. For your convenience I
have enclosed a sample LIBOR rate sheet and confirmation sheet.

The Hamco acquisition note which has a balance of $5,625,000.00 as of February
1, 1996 and a $1,000,000.00 term note will be combined into a $6,625,000.00
note (Facility Two) at an interest rate of 7.03% through Jan 31, 2000. As you
know we are seeking to defer
<PAGE>   2
Tufco Technologies, Inc.
April 5, 1996
Page 2


four $250,000 principal payments under the industrial development revenue bond
with the Village of Ashwaubenon, commencing with the May 1, 1996 payment. Since
we are deferring payments under the IRB, there will be additional principal
payments of $20,833.33 per month on Facility Two. If the deferral is obtained
for the May 1, 1996 payment, an additional principal payment of $41,666.66
shall be due April 19, 1996 on Facility Two to recapture the $20,833.33
principal payments that normally would have been required in the months of
February and March 1996. Please read the note for the complete payment
schedule.

Greg, please review the enclosed amendment and if acceptable please sign the
amendment and the enclosed notes. If you have any questions please feel free to
call me. Since this agreement is retroactive to February 1, 1996 your
assistance in completing this restructuring as quickly as possible is
appreciated.

Sincerely,

/s/ MARK J. FISCHER
Mark J. Fischer
Assistant Vice President
<PAGE>   3
                            LIBOR BORROWING REQUEST


TO/FROM:      Mark Fischer, Bank One, Green Bay ("Bank One")
              Phone: 436-2506
              Fax:436-2523

FROM/TO:      Greg Wileman
              Tufco Technologies, Inc.
              Phone: 1-800-992-0947
              Fax: (214) 387-0516

RE:           Libor Rate Funding Quote

Date:         ________________________


As detailed in Section 2.2 of the Loan Agreement dated August 22, 1995 and
Amended February 1, 1996, between Bank One and Tufco Industries, Inc.,
Executive Converting Corporation and Hamco Industries, Inc., the company would
like to get Libor Rate Funding Quote for the following dollar amounts and time
periods of 15, 30, 60 and 90 days:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Libor                       Contract
Amount        Days   Duration              Quote +       1.50%   =       Rate
- ------        ----   --------              -------       -----         --------
<S>           <C>    <C>                   <C>           <C>           <C>
________      15     ________ TO ________  ________      ________=     ________

________      30     ________ TO ________  ________      ________=     ________

________      60     ________ TO ________  ________      ________=     ________

________      90     ________ TO ________  ________      ________=     ________
</TABLE>


A confirmation of all quotes which Tufco elects to lock in will be prepared by
Bank One.
<PAGE>   4
                          LIBOR BORROWING CONFIRMATION

Shown below is a confirmation of a LIBOR request received by Bank One, Green
Bay. If we can be of any further assistance please do not hesitate to call Mark
J. Fischer (414-436-2506) or Maureen VanRoy (414-2644) at your convenience.

                     Company:          Tufco Technologies, Inc.

                     Requester:        Greg Wileman

                     Effective Date:   

                     Amount:           

                     Term:             

                     Maturity:

                     Rate:             



- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To:          Greg Wileman                  From:         Mark Fischer
Company:     Tufco Technologies, Inc.      Company:      Bank One, Green Bay
Direct Dial: 1-800-992-0997                Direct Dial:  (414) 436-2506
Fax #:       (214) 387-0516                Fax #:        (414) 436-2523
<PAGE>   5
                                FIRST AMENDMENT
                                       TO
                                 LOAN AGREEMENT

                             Dated August 22, 1995

                   Amendment effective as of February 1, 1996

                                 BY AND BETWEEN


Tufco Industries, Inc.         Executive Converting     Hamco Industries, Inc.
                               Corporation

Address:                       Address:                 Address:
  3161 South Ridge Road          4750 Simonton            1205 Burris Road
  P.0. Box 23500                 Dallas, TX 75244         Newton, NC 28658
  Green Bay, WI 54305-3500


                                      AND

                               Bank One, Green Bay
                      Address: 200 South Adams Street
                               P.O. Box 19029
                               Green Bay, WI 54307-9029
<PAGE>   6
                                FIRST AMENDMENT
                                       TO
                                 LOAN AGREEMENT

      This First Amendment to Loan Agreement is made and entered into as of
this 1st day of February, 1996, by and between Bank One, Green Bay (hereinafter
referred to as the "Bank"), and Tufco Industries, Inc., Executive Converting
Corporation and Hamco Industries, Inc. (hereinafter referred to collectively as
the "Borrowers").

                                    RECITALS

      The Bank and the Borrowers entered into a Loan Agreement, dated as of
August 22, 1995.

      The parties desire to amend the Loan Agreement with respect to the
following provisions.

      NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereby amend the Loan Agreement by inserting
the following provisions in the Loan Agreement in place of the respective
provision in the Loan Agreement as originally stated.

      1.    DEFINITIONS.

            1.7   COMMITMENT FEE. A fee equal to 0.25%, per annum, of the
unused amount of the revolving loan identified in Section 2.2 of this
Agreement, determined on a daily basis and payable quarterly in arrears.

            1.12  FACILITY FEE. A fee equal to 0.50% of the amount of Facility
Two paid upon advance of the Facility Two loan proceeds under the Loan
Agreement dated as of August 22, 1995.

            1.16  LOAN AMOUNT. Loans (hereinafter sometimes so called) from the
Bank to the Borrowers in the aggregate maximum amount of Nineteen Million Five
Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand Eight Hundred Forty-Eight Dollars
($19,575,848.00) and evidenced by the Promissory Notes. The definition of the
term "Loan Amount" shall also include any amounts which are loaned by the Bank
to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 8.12 of the Loan Agreement.

            1.17  PERMITTED LIENS. The mortgages, liens, conditional sales
agreements, encumbrances or charges set forth on Exhibit "B" attached hereto
and incorporated herein by this reference.

            1.19  PREPAYMENT PENALTY.

      A prepayment premium payable in connection with any unscheduled payment
of principal made by the Borrowers with respect to the Promissory Note, Exhibit
A-2, prior to its scheduled maturity
<PAGE>   7
shall be equivalent to the amount, if any, by which (a) the present value of a
flow of interest on the unscheduled principal amount prepaid from the
prepayment date to the scheduled maturity date of said note at the fixed rate
then in effect exceeds (b) the present value of a flow of interest on the
unscheduled principal amount prepaid from the prepayment date to the scheduled
maturity date of the Promissory Note, Exhibit A-2, at the effective monthly
equivalent of the average yield of United States Government Treasury
Securities, on the date of such unscheduled prepayment, having maturities
within forty-five (45) days of the scheduled maturity date of the Promissory
Note, Exhibit A-2, as determined by the Bank. The Prepayment Premium shall be
payable upon receipt of billing from Bank.

            1.20  PROMISSORY NOTES. Promissory Notes refer to the Promissory
Notes evidencing the Loan Amount payable to the Bank in the form as that
attached hereto as Exhibits "A-1" through "A-5" inclusive, and incorporated
hereby by this reference.

            The definition of the term "Promissory Notes" shall also include
any Promissory Notes or agreements executed and delivered by the Borrowers to
the Bank with respect to additional credit extended by the Bank to a Borrower
or Borrowers pursuant to Section 8.12 of the Loan Agreement.

            1.24  REFERENCE RATE LOANS. Reference Rate Loans are loans made
where the applicable rate of interest is the Reference Rate. The Reference Rate
shall be the rate announced and/or published by Bank One, Green Bay, Wisconsin
as its Reference Rate adjusted daily and computed on the basis of a three
hundred sixty (360) day year.

            1.26  DEFINITIONS APPLICABLE TO LIBOR RATE LOANS.

            (a)   ADJUSTED LIBOR RATE means, with respect to the Loan Period
for a Libor Rate Loan, a rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the
nearest 1/16 of 1%) determined pursuant to the following formula:

                                      Libor Rate
                                 --------------------
            Adjusted Libor Rate = 1 - Libor Reserve
                                      Requirement

            (b)   BORROWING DATE means each date on which a loan is made by the
Bank to the Borrowers.

            (c)   BUSINESS DAY means (i) with respect to the making, payment or
rate determination of a Libor Rate Loan, a day (other than a Saturday or
Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and on
which dealings in Dollars are carried on in the London Interbank market and
(ii) for all other purposes, a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which
banks are open for business in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   8
            (d)   LIBOR RATE means, with respect to a Libor Rate Loan for the
applicable Loan Period, the interest rate at which deposits in Dollars, in an
amount approximately equal to the requested Libor Rate Loan and having a
maturity approximately equal to the requested Loan Period, are offered to the
Bank in the London Interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time)
two Business Days prior to the first day of such Loan Period. The Libor Rate
determined by the Bank shall, in the absence of error, be conclusive.

            (e)   LIBOR RATE LOAN means a loan hereunder bearing interest at or
by reference to the Adjusted Libor Rate.

            (f)   LIBOR RESERVE REQUIREMENT means, with respect to a Libor Rate
Loan for the applicable Loan Period, the percentage (expressed as a decimal)
equal to the maximum aggregate reserve requirements (including, without
limitation, any marginal, special, emergency and supplemental reserves)
established by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for
"eurocurrency liabilities" (as defined in Regulation D of such Board), or for
other liabilities which include deposits of the type used in determining the
Libor Rate, having a term approximately equal to the applicable Loan Period.

            (g)   LOAN PERIOD means:

                  (i)   with respect to (a) each Libor Rate Loan, the period
commencing on the applicable Borrowing date and ending 15 to 90 days thereafter
as specified in the related notice of borrowing pursuant to section 2.2 and (b)
each Reference Rate Loan converted to a Libor Rate Loan or in the case of a
continuation of a Libor Rate Loan for an additional Loan Period, the period
commencing on the date of such conversion or continuation and ending 15 to 90
days thereafter as specified in the related Conversion/Continuation Notice
pursuant to section 2.2, provided that:

                        (a)   any Loan Period which would otherwise end on a
day which is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding
Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which
case such Loan Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day;

                        (b)   any Loan Period which begins on the last Business
Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically
corresponding day in a calendar month at the end of such Loan Period) shall,
subject to clause (c) below, end on the last Business Day of a calendar month;
and

                        (c)   any Loan Period which would otherwise end after
the maturity date shall end on the maturity date.





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   9
                  (ii)  with respect to each Reference Rate Loan, the period
commencing on the Borrowing Date of such Reference Rate Loan, or in the case of
a Libor Rate Loan converted to a Reference Rate Loan, the period commencing on
the date of such conversion, and ending on the maturity date.

      2.    LOANS, COLLATERAL-LOAN RATIO AND SECURITY DOCUMENTS.

            2.2   FACILITY ONE. The Bank shall extend to the Borrowers a
revolving loan, up to an aggregate maximum amount of $9,750,000.00 at any time
outstanding during the period from date hereof to March 31, 1998. The sum of
$750,000.00 shall be allocated to issuance of commercial import letters of
credit. Within such maximum amounts and subject to the allocated limitations,
loans (advances) may be made, repaid and made again. The revolving loan shall
be evidenced by the Borrowers' Promissory Note in the form of Exhibit "A-1," the
terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. The revolving note shall
mature on March 31, 1998. The loan proceeds with respect to Facility One shall
be utilized for working capital needs and the issuance of commercial import
letters of credit.

            Facility One loans shall be a Reference Rate Loan or a Libor Rate
Loan. Unless the Borrowers request a Libor Rate Loan pursuant to the procedures
herein stated, all Facility One loans shall be Reference Rate Loans. The
Borrowers shall request Libor Rate Loans by written notice, or by telephonic
notice confirmed in writing, to the Bank, not later than 11:00 a.m., Milwaukee
time, on the date which is two Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing
Date (which must be a Business Day). Each such request by the Borrowers must
specify the amount of the requested Libor Rate Loan and the applicable Loan
Period. Each Libor Rate Loan shall be in a minimum amount of $500,000.00. In
the event of any inconsistency between the telephonic notice and the written
confirmation thereof, the written confirmation shall control. Each such request
for a Libor Rate Loan shall be irrevocable and shall constitute a certification
by the Borrowers that the borrowing conditions specified in section 2.5 will be
satisfied on the specified Borrowing Date.

            The Borrowers may elect from time to time, subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, to convert all or a portion of the outstanding Reference
Rate Loans to Libor Rate Loans (in each case, in a minimum amount of
$500,000.00) or to convert all or a portion of a Libor Rate Loan to a Reference
Rate Loan; provided that any conversion of a Libor Rate Loan shall occur on the
last day of the applicable Loan Period.

            A Reference Rate Loan shall continue as a Reference Rate Loan
unless and until converted to a Libor Rate Loan. At the end of the applicable
Loan Period for a Libor Rate Loan, such Libor Rate Loan shall automatically be
converted to a Reference





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   10
Rate Loan unless the Borrowers shall have given the Bank notice in accordance
with this section 2.2 requesting that, at the end of such Loan Period all or a
portion of such Libor Rate Loan be continued as a Libor Rate Loan.

            The Borrowers shall give the Bank irrevocable notice (a
"Conversion/Continuation Notice") of each conversion of a Reference Rate Loan
or a continuation of a Libor Rate Loan not later than 11:00 a.m., Milwaukee
time, on the date of the requested conversion, in the case of a conversion to a
Reference Rate Loan, or, in the case of a conversion to or a continuation of a
Libor Rate Loan, two Business Days prior to the date of the requested
conversion or continuation, specifying (i) the requested date (which shall be a
Business Day) of such conversion or continuation, (ii) the amount and type of
loan to be converted or continued and (iii) the amount and type of loan into
which such loan is to be converted or continued, and in the case of a
conversion to or continuation of a Libor Rate Loan, the duration of the Loan
Period applicable thereto. Each such request by the Borrowers for a conversion
or continuation of a Libor Rate Loan or Reference Rate Loan shall be
irrevocable and shall constitute a certification by the Borrowers that the
borrowing conditions specified in section 2.5 will be satisfied on the
specified conversion or continuation date.

            Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this section,
no loan may be converted into or continued as a Libor Rate Loan when any Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing.

            Libor Rate Loans may not be pre-paid without the Bank's consent
prior to the end of the applicable Loan Period.

            If the Bank determines that the making or maintaining of a Libor
Rate Loan would violate any applicable law, rule, regulation or directive,
whether or not having the force of law, then the obligation of the Bank to
make, continue, maintain or convert any Libor Rate Loan shall be suspended
until the Bank notifies the Borrowers that the circumstances causing such
suspension no longer exist. During any such period, all Libor Rate Loans shall
automatically convert into Reference Rate Loans at the end of the applicable
Loan Period or sooner if required by law.

            If the Bank determines that the Bank is unable to determine the
Libor Rate in respect of a requested Loan Period or that the Bank is unable to
obtain deposits of Dollars in the London Interbank market in the applicable
amounts and for the requested Loan Period, then, upon notice from the Bank to
the Borrowers, the obligation of the Bank to make any Libor Rate Loan, or to
convert any Reference Rate Loan into a Libor Rate





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   11
Loan, shall be suspended until the Bank notifies the Borrowers that the
circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.

            If the Bank shall incur any loss or expense (including any loss or
expense incurred by reason of a liquidation or redeployment of deposits or
other funds acquired by the Bank to make, continue or maintain any portion of a
Libor Rate Loan, or to convert any portion of a Reference Rate Loan into a
Libor Rate Loan) as a result of: (i) any conversion or repayment or prepayment
of the principal amount of a Libor Rate Loan on a date other than the last day
of the Loan Period applicable thereto (whether as a result of acceleration,
prepayment or otherwise); (ii) any loan not being made as a Libor Rate Loan in
accordance with the request therefor; or (iii) any loan not being continued as,
or converted to, a Libor Rate Loan in accordance with the
Continuation/Conversion Notice therefor; then, upon written notice from the
Bank to the Borrowers, the Borrowers shall, within 10 days of its receipt
thereof, pay to the Bank such amount as will (in a reasonable determination of
the Bank) reimburse the Bank for such loss or expense. Such written notice
(which shall include calculations in reasonable detail) shall, in the absence
of error, be conclusive and binding on the Borrowers.

            During such times as the Borrower achieves and maintains a National
Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC") II, senior, unsecured, long
term debt rating or an equivalent investment grade senior, unsecured, long term
debt rating from other rating agencies; and is in full compliance with all of
the terms and conditions of this Loan Agreement, the Reference Rate pricing
option shall be reduced to Reference Rate less 0.375% and the Libor pricing
option shall be reduced to Libor plus 1.375%.

            2.3   FACILITY TWO. The Bank shall extend to the Borrowers a term
loan in the sum of $6,625,000.00. The term loan shall be evidenced by the
Borrowers' Promissory Note in the form of Exhibit "A-2," the terms of which are
incorporated herein by reference.

            2.4   FACILITY THREE. The Bank has extended to Tufco Industries,
Inc. and Executive Converting Corporation certain credit in the form of term
loans having a current aggregate outstanding principal balance in the amount of
$3,883,348.00, represented by the Promissory Notes annexed hereto in the form
of Exhibits "A-3, A-4 and A-5," the terms of which are incorporated herein by
reference. The Bank and the Borrowers agree that each Borrower shall be jointly
and severally liable for all obligations to the Bank arising under the existing
term loan notes represented by the Promissory Notes identified as Exhibits 
"A-3, A-4 and A-5." By their execution and delivery of this Agreement, each
Borrower respectively assumes joint and several liability to the Bank with
respect to the Promissory Notes identified as Exhibits "A-3, A-4 and A-5."





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   12
      5.    NEGATIVE COVENANTS.

            5.8   CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. The Borrowers and the Guarantor shall
not make or commit to make, directly or indirectly, any expenditure for the
purchase or other acquisition, including but not limited to capitalized leases,
of fixed or capital assets, excluding normal replacements and maintenance which
are properly charged to current operations; those assets acquired from Hamco,
Inc.; and leases with Banc One Corporation or its subsidiaries or affiliates;
if after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of all such capital
expenditures by the Borrowers and the Guarantor would exceed the sum of the
Borrowers' depreciation expense plus $100,000.00 during any fiscal year of the
Borrowers.

            5.9   INDEBTEDNESS. The Borrowers and the Guarantor will not incur,
create, assume or permit to exist any indebtedness except: (a) the obligations
arising hereunder; (b) trade indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of
business; (c) indebtedness secured by the Permitted Liens; (d) obligations
incurred with Banc One Corporation or its subsidiaries or affiliates; (e) other
indebtedness with the permission of the Bank; and (f) obligations incurred with
respect to the acquisition of assets of Hamco, Inc. in accordance with the
Agreement of Sale.

      Except as herein modified and amended, the parties ratify the terms of
the Loan Agreement as originally stated.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed on the day and year first above written.


                                      BANK ONE, GREEN BAY
                                          200 South Adams Street
                                          P.O. Box 19029
                                          Green Bay, WI 54307-9029

                                      By: /s/ MARK J. FISCHER                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Mark J. Fischer
                                          Title: Assistant Vice President

                                      TUFCO INDUSTRIES INC.
                                          3161 South Ridge Road
                                          P.O. Box 23500
                                          Green Bay, WI 54305-3500

                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer





                                      -7-
<PAGE>   13

                                      EXECUTIVE CONVERTING CORPORATION
                                          4750 Simonton
                                          Dallas, TX 75244

                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer

                                      HAMCO INDUSTRIES, INC.
                                          1205 Burris Road
                                          Newton, NC 28658

                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer

                                      TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES INC.
                                          3161 South Ridge Road
                                          P.O. Box 23500
                                          Green Bay, WI 54305-3500

                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer





                                      -8-
<PAGE>   14
Tufco Industries, Inc.,                                         $9,750,000.00
Executive Converting Corporation
and Hamco Industries, Inc. (Maker)                              February 1, 1996

                                MASTER DRAW NOTE

      The undersigned ("Maker," whether one or more) promises to pay to the
order of Bank One, Green Bay ("Bank") at its office, the principal amount of
Nine Million Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($9,750,000.00) or such
lesser amount as may be outstanding hereunder, as shown on the records of the
Bank, in one payment on March 31, 1998, PLUS interest as described below,
payable monthly commencing February 29, 1996 and on the last day of each
consecutive month thereafter and at maturity.

      This is a revolving master draw note under which amounts may be borrowed,
repaid and borrowed again. The maximum aggregate availability under this Note
shall not exceed the sum of Nine Million Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars
($9,750,000.00) reduced by the Letter of Credit sublimit availability in use
from time to time as specified in the Loan Agreement. During the term of this
Note, the Maker shall pay the Bank such sums as may be necessary from time to
time to comply with the credit availability limits as specified in the Loan
Agreement. The Maker agrees that the Bank's internal records shall be
conclusive evidence of the amounts outstanding.

      This Note bears interest computed for the actual number of days principal
is unpaid, on a 360-day year basis, until maturity. The unpaid balance and
accrued interest shall bear interest after maturity at 1.00 percentage point in
excess of the Reference Rate in effect from time to time or the rate of 15.00%
per year, whichever is higher, until paid.

      A Reference Rate Loan shall bear interest on a 360-day year basis at the
rate which is 0.25% less than the rate of interest





                                  EXHIBIT A-1
<PAGE>   15
announced by the Bank from time to time as its Reference Rate for interest rate
determinations ("Reference Rate") and the rate shall change as and when the
Reference Rate changes. The Reference Rate may or may not be the lowest
interest rate charged by the Bank.

      A Libor Rate Loan shall bear interest on a 360-day year basis, at the
rate which is 1.50 percentage points in excess of the Adjusted Libor Rate for
the selected Loan Period determined two business days prior to the making of
the Libor Rate Loan.

      Libor Rate Loans shall be in a minimum amount of $500,000.00.

      The applicable interest rate shall be subject to adjustment as provided
in subsection 2.2 of the Loan Agreement.

      There shall be no prepayment of Libor Rate Loans without the Bank's
permission.

      Upon maturity of any Libor Rate Loan, the same shall be repaid or if
availability permits, re-advanced by the Bank as a Reference Rate Loan unless
the Borrower submits a Libor Rate Loan request pursuant to the Loan Agreement.

      If any payment is not paid when due, or upon the occurrence of an event
of default under the Loan Agreement herein described, the unpaid balance shall,
at the option of the holder and without notice, mature and immediately become
due and payable. The unpaid balance shall mature automatically and immediately
become due and payable in the event any Maker or guarantor becomes the subject
of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings.

      This Note is issued and secured pursuant to a Loan Agreement dated as of
August 22, 1995 between the Maker and the Bank, as amended. This Note is
further secured by all existing and future Security Agreements, Assignments,
Collateral Pledge Agreements and Mortgages between the Bank and any Maker,
and/or the Bank and





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   16
any guarantor of this Note, and payment may be accelerated upon default under
any of them. The Maker grants the holder a security interest and lien in any
credit balance or other money now or hereafter owed any Maker by holder, except
for money held in qualified retirement accounts, and, in addition, agrees that
holder may at any time after an occurrence of an event of default, without
notice or demand, set off against such credit balance or other money any amount
unpaid under the Note.

      Without affecting the liability of any Maker or guarantor, the holder
may, without notice, renew or extend the time for payment, accept partial
payments, release or impair any collateral security for the payment of this
Note or agree not to sue any party liable on it.

      The Maker and guarantor agree to pay all costs of collection, including
reasonable attorney fees, and waive presentment, protest, demand and notice of
dishonor.

      The Bank has not made any representations or warranties with respect to,
and does not assume any responsibility for, the collectibility or
enforceability of this Note or any collateral securing this Note or the
financial condition of any Maker. Each Maker and guarantor has independently
determined the collectibility and enforceability of this Note and any
collateral securing this Note and has made an independent appraisal of each
Maker's credit worthiness. This Note shall be construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of Wisconsin.



                                      TUFCO INDUSTRIES INC. (SEAL)


                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   17

                                      EXECUTIVE CONVERTING CORPORATION (SEAL)


                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer

                                      HAMCO INDUSTRIES, INC. (SEAL)

                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   18
Tufco Industries, Inc.,                                         $6,625,000.00
Executive Converting Corporation
and Hamco Industries, Inc. (Maker)                              February 1, 1996


                                   TERM NOTE

      The undersigned ("Maker," whether one or more) promises to pay to the
order of Bank One, Green Bay ("Bank") at its office, the principal amount of
Six Million Five Hundred Sixty-Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars
($6,562,500.00), PLUS interest as described below. Principal and interest is
payable monthly commencing February 29, 1996 and on the last day of each
consecutive month thereafter and at maturity.

      Monthly principal payments shall be made in the following amounts:
payments 1 through 6, $62,500.00 each; payments 7 through 18, $75,000.00 each;
payments 19 through 30, $83,333.33 each; payments 31 through 54, $91,666.66
each; payments 55 through 65, $95,833.33 each; and payment 66, $95,833.57. The
Maker is in the process of securing deferral of certain principal payments due
May 1, 1996, May 1, 1997, May 1, 1998 and May 1, 1999 with respect to a certain
industrial development revenue bond with the Village of Ashwaubenon, Brown
County, Wisconsin, dated as of May 6, 1992, series 1992, known as the Tufco
Project ("IDRB"). In the event no deferral is obtained with respect to the IDRB
payments above specified, an additional principal payment shall be made on this
Note in the sum of $1,000,000.00 on April 29, 1999. In the event a deferral of
all of the above specified IDRB payments are obtained, an additional principal
payment in the amount of $41,666.66 shall be payable April 19, 1996 and
additional monthly principal payments in the amount of $20,833.33 each shall be
payable monthly commencing April 30, 1996 and continuing on the last date of
each consecutive month




                                  EXHIBIT A-2
<PAGE>   19
thereafter for forty-five consecutive months, together with an additional
principal payment of $20,833.50 due on January 31, 2000. In the event a
deferral is not obtained with respect to the IDRB payment due May 1, 1996 and a
deferral is obtained for the IDRB payments due May 1, 1997, May 1, 1998, May 1,
1999 and May 1, 2000, a principal payment in the amount of $62,500.00 shall be
payable May 15, 1996, and additional monthly principal payments in the amount
of $20,833.33 each shall be payable monthly commencing May 31, 1996 and
continuing on the last day of each consecutive month thereafter for forty-four
consecutive months, together with an additional principal payment of $20,833.50
due on January 31, 2000.

      This Note bears interest computed for the actual number of days principal
is unpaid, on a 360-day year basis, until maturity, at the rate of 7.03% per
year until January 31, 2000. On or before January 31, 2000, the Maker and the
Bank shall in good faith agree to a rate of interest for the remaining term of
this obligation. The unpaid balance and accrued interest shall bear interest
after maturity at the rate of 15.00% per year.

      If any payment is not paid when due, or upon the occurrence of an event
of default under the Loan Agreement herein described, the unpaid balance shall,
at the option of the holder and without notice, mature and immediately become
due and payable. The unpaid balance shall mature automatically and immediately
become due and payable in the event any Maker or guarantor becomes the subject
of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings.

      This Note is issued and secured pursuant to a Loan Agreement dated as of
August 22, 1995 between the Maker and the Bank. This Note is further secured by
all existing and future Security Agreements, Assignments, Collateral Pledge
Agreements and





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   20
Mortgages between the Bank and any Maker, and/or the Bank and any guarantor of
this Note, and payment may be accelerated upon default under any of them. The
Maker grants the holder a security interest and lien in any credit balance or
other money now or hereafter owed any Maker by holder, except for money held in
qualified retirement accounts, and, in addition, agrees that holder may at any
time after an occurrence of an event of default, without notice or demand, set
off against such credit balance or other money any amount unpaid under the
Note.

      Without affecting the liability of any Maker or guarantor, the holder
may, without notice, renew or extend the time for payment, accept partial
payments, release or impair any collateral security for the payment of this
Note or agree not to sue any party liable on it.

      The Maker and guarantor agree to pay all costs of collection, including
reasonable attorney fees, and waive presentment, protest, demand and notice of
dishonor.

      This Note may be prepaid in full or in part at any time. In the event of
any prepayment, the Maker shall pay the holder a prepayment premium penalty in
the amount specified in subsection 1.19 of the Loan Agreement.

      Holder may apply partial prepayments to any future installments it
elects.

      The Bank has not made any representations or warranties with respect to,
and does not assume any responsibility for, the collectibility or
enforceability of this Note or any collateral securing this Note or the
financial condition of any Maker. Each Maker and guarantor has independently
determined the collectibility and enforceability of this Note and any
collateral securing this Note and has made an independent appraisal of each
Maker's





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   21
credit worthiness. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of the State of Wisconsin.



                                      TUFCO INDUSTRIES INC. (SEAL)


                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer


                                      EXECUTIVE CONVERTING CORPORATION (SEAL)


                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer

                                      HAMCO INDUSTRIES, INC. (SEAL)

                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   22

[BANK ONE LOGO]

                                                                           NOTE
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         (Use only for business purpose loans,
                                         or for consumer loans in excess of
                                         $25,000.)
Tufco Industries, Inc. &
Executive Converting Corporation       March 30, 1994        $2,800,000.00
- -----------------------------------  ----------    --         ------------------
           (MAKER)

The undersigned ("Maker," whether one or more) promises to pay to the order of
Bank One, Green Bay ("Bank") at its office, the principal amount of Two Million
Eight Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars:

[check (a), (b), (c), or (d); only one shall apply]

[ ] (a) in one payment on _________________________ PLUS interest as described
below, payable on the following date(s):
________________________________________________________________________________

[ ] (b) in _________________ equal installments of $___________________ payable
________________________, 19___, and on the same day of each _____________ month
thereafter.  All payments include principal and interest as described below.

[ ] (c) in _________________ equal installments of $___________________ payable
________________________, 19___, and on the same day of each _____________ month
thereafter, PLUS a final installment consisting of the unpaid balance, due on 
_________________, 19___.  All installments include principal and interest as
described below.

[x] (d) in 61 ** equal installments of principal of $41,666.00 payable April 30,
1994, and on the same day of each successive month thereafter, PLUS a final
payment of unpaid principal due on May 30, 1999, PLUS interest as described
below payable on the principal payment dates.

The obligation evidenced by this Note bears interest computed for the actual
number of days principal is unpaid, on a 360-day year basis, [check (e), (f), or
(g); only one shall apply]

[ ] (e) until maturity, at the rate which is _____ percentage points in excess
of the rate of interest announced by the Bank from time to time as its reference
rate for interest rate determinations (the "Reference Rate") and the rate shall
change when and as the Reference Rate changes.  The Reference Rate may or may
not be the lowest interest rate charged by the Bank.  The unpaid balance and
accrued interest shall bear interest after maturity at ____ percentage points in
excess of the Reference Rate in effect from time to time or the rate of ____%
per year, whichever is higher, until paid.

[ ] (f) until maturity, at the rate which is ____ percentage points in excess of
the rate of interest announced by the Bank from time to time as its reference
rate for interest rate determinations (the "Reference Rate") and the rate shall
change on the ____day of every ____ month, beginning ______, 19____. The
Reference Rate may or may not be the lowest interest rate charged by the Bank.
The unpaid balance and accrued interest shall bear interest after maturity at
____ percentage points in excess of the Reference Rate in effect from time to
time or the rate of ____% per year, whichever is higher, until paid.

[X] (g) until maturity, at the rate of 7.23 % per year. The unpaid balance and
accrued interest shall bear interest after maturity at the rate of 15.0 % per
year, until paid.

     If any payment is not paid when due, or if holder deems itself insecure,
the unpaid balance shall, at the option of the holder and without notice,
mature and immediately become due and payable. The unpaid balance shall mature
automatically and immediately become due and payable in the event any Maker,
surety, indorser or guarantor becomes the subject of bankruptcy or other
insolvency proceedings.

     Unless indicated below, this Note is secured by all existing and future
security agreements, assignments and mortgages between the Bank and Maker,
and/or the Bank and any indorser or guarantor of this Note, and payment may be
accelerated upon default under any of them. The Maker grants the holder a
security interest and lien in any credit balance or other money now or
hereafter owned any Maker by holder, except for money held in qualified
retirement accounts, and, in addition, agrees that holder may at any time after
an occurrence or an event of default, without notice or demand, set off against
such credit balance or other money any amount unpaid under this Note.

[ ] Unless checked here, this Note is not secured by a first lien mortgage or
equivalent security interest on a one-to-four family dwelling used as Maker's
principal place of residence.

     Without affecting the liability of any Maker, indorser, surety or
guarantor, the holder may without notice, renew or extend the time for payment,
accept partial payments, release or impair any collateral security for the
payment of this Note or agree not to sue any party liable on it.

     All Makers, indorsers, sureties and guarantors agree to pay all costs of
collection, including reasonable attorneys' fees, and waive presentment,
protest, demand, and notice of dishonor.

     This Note may be prepaid in full or in part [check one] [X] at any time
without penalty or, [ ] upon the following conditions ______________________

** Interest monthly beginning April 30, 1994 and each successive month
thereafter
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Holder may apply partial prepayments to any future installments it elects.

      The Bank has not made any representations or warranties with respect to,
and does not assume any responsibility for, the collectability or
enforceability of this Note or any collateral securing this Note or the
financial condition of any Maker. Each Maker has independently determined the
collectability and enforceability of this Note and any collateral securing this
Note and has made an independent appraisal of each Maker's creditworthiness.
This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
State of Wisconsin.

Executive Converting Corporation

/s/  SAMUEL J. BERO                      (SEAL)
- -----------------------------------------
Samuel J. Bero - Chief Executive Officer


/s/  THOMAS B. GILLING                   (SEAL)
- -----------------------------------------
Thomas B. Gilling - Sec./Treas.


4750 Simonton, Dallas, TX 74224
- -----------------------------------------
(Address)
MJF/bre
- -------------------
   (LOAN OFFICER)   
                    New Note


Tufco Industries, Inc.
- -----------------------------------------
(Name of Maker)

/s/  SAMUEL J. BERO                      (SEAL)
- -----------------------------------------
Samuel J. Bero - President


/s/  THOMAS B. GILLING                   (SEAL)
- -----------------------------------------
Thomas B. Gilling - Sec./Treas.


- -----------------------------------------
(Address)

3161 S. Ridge Rd., Green Bay, WI 54304
- -----------------------------------------


Prepared and intended for use by commercial banks in transactions governed by
Wisconsin law. Use with 360 day calculator or rate book. A consumer purpose
loan secured by real property or by personal property used or expected to be
used as a principal dwelling must be accompanied by a W.B.A. (TL) disclosure
statement, and a W.B.A. (TL)3 rescission notice may be required. If credit life
or accident and sickness insurance is requested, a WBA 450 may be required. If
this Note is secured by Maker's principal place of residence, secs. 138.052
and 138.056, Wis. Stats may apply.





                                  EXHIBIT A-3
<PAGE>   23
                                BUSINESS NOTE


(Use only for business purpose loans or consumer loans in excess of $25,000.)

Tufco Industries, Inc.                     JULY 1, 1993          $  1,100,000.00
- --------------------------------------  -----------------------    -------------
           (MAKER)                             (DATE)

The undersigned ("Maker," whether one
or more) promises to pay to the order of Bank One, Green Bay    ("Lender") at 
200 S. Adams Street, Green Bay, Wisconsin, the principal sum of $1,100,000.00 :

[Check (a), (b), (c) or (d); only one shall apply.]

[ ]  (a) in one payment on    n/a
                          ----------------------.
[ ]  (b) in  n/a   equal installments of $   n/a   due on     n/a      , and on

     [ ] the same day(s) of each  n/a    month thereafter [ ] every 7th day 

     thereafter [ ] every 14th day thereafter, PLUS a final payment of the 
     unpaid balance and accrued interest due on   n/a        , all subject
     to modification as set forth in (f) below, if applicable. All payments
     include principal and interest.

[X]  (c) in  12   equal installments of principal of $ 50,000.00    due on 
     AUGUST 1, 1995, and on [X] the same day(s) of each succeeding month
     thereafter [ ] every 7th day thereafter [ ] every 14th day thereafter,
     PLUS a final payment of the unpaid principal due on JULY 2, 1996, PLUS 
     interest payable as set forth below.

[ ]  (d)   n/a
         ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                               .
     --------------------------------------------------------------------------


If the amount of interest is not shown on line 4 below, this Note bears
interest on the unpaid principal balance before maturity:
[Check (e) or (f) or complete line 4 below; only one shall apply.]

[X]  (e) At the rate of 6.430% per year.

[ ]  (f) At the annual rate which is equal to the following Index Rate, plus 
      n/a      percentage points ("Note Rate"), and the Note Rate shall be
     adjusted as provided below. The Index Rate is:

     [ ] The prime rate [ ] The reference rate [ ] The base rate adopted by [ ]
         the Lender [ ]      n/a           n/a            from time to time as 
         its base or reference rate for interest rate determinations. The Index 
         Rate may or may not be the lowest rate charged by Lender.

     [ ] n/a
         ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                               .
         ----------------------------------------------------------------------

     The Initial Note rate is n/a %. An adjustment in the Note Rate may cause a
     change in the amount of each payment of interest and a change in the
     amount due at maturity. In addition, Lender is authorized to change the
     amount of periodic payments if and to the extent necessary to pay in full
     all accrued interest owing on this Note. The Maker agrees to pay any
     resulting payments or amounts. The Note Rate shall be adjusted only on the
     following change dates: [ ] the first day of each month. [ ] each
     scheduled payment date. [ ] as and when the Index Rate changes. [ ]
          n/a          .

Interest is computed for the actual number of days principal is unpaid on the
basis of [X] a 360 day year [ ] a 365 day year.
Interest is payable on AUGUST 1, 1993, and on [X] the same day of each    
succeeding      month thereafter, [ ] every 7th day thereafter, [ ] every 14th
day thereafter, and at maturity, or, if box (b) or (d) is checked, at the times
so indicated. If any payment (other than the final payment) is not made on or
before the  15     day after its due date, Lender may collect a delinquency
charge of 5.00% of the unpaid amount. Unpaid principal and interest bear
interest after maturity until paid (whether by acceleration or lapse of time) at
the rate [ ] which would otherwise be applicable plus n/a   percentage points 
[X] of 15.000% per year, computed on the same basis. 
[ ] Unless checked here, this Note is NOT secured by a first lien mortgage or 
equivalent security interest on a one-to-four family dwelling used as a Maker's 
principal place of residence.
Full or partial prepayment of this Note [X] is permitted at any time without
penalty [ ]*    n/a

================================================================================
Lender may apply prepayments, if permitted, to such future installments as it
elects.
The obligations under this Note of all Makers are joint and several.
SEE IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES ON REVERSE SIDE.
THIS NOTE INCLUDES ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS ON REVERSE SIDE.

Inapplicable unless filled in (use for add-on loans only).

1. Loan Proceeds              $
                               ----------
2. Cr. Life Ins. Charge
                               ----------
3. Cr. A & S Ins. Charge
                               ----------
4. Interest (Add-on)
                               ----------
5.
                               ----------
6. Face Amount Of Note        $
                               ==========


Tufco Industries, Inc.               (SEAL)
- -------------------------------------

BY /s/ SAMUEL J. BERO                (SEAL)
  -----------------------------------
  Samuel J. Bero   Exec. Vice President

BY /s/ PATRICK J. GARLAND            (SEAL)
  -----------------------------------
  Patrick J. Garland     President
                                     (SEAL)
- -------------------------------------

                                     (SEAL)
- -------------------------------------

3161 S. Ridge Rd.
- -------------------------------------------

Green Bay, WI 54304
- -------------------------------------------
    (ADDRESS)             (PHONE)

================================================================================
                         FOR LENDER CLERICAL USE ONLY

Prin.           $
                 -----------
Int.
                 -----------

                 -----------
Due at Maturity                    New Note            MJF/bre /s/ [ILLEGIBLE]
                 ===========                           -------------------------
                                                               LOAN OFFICER

                                  EXHIBIT A-4

*If checked, Insert applicable prepayment restrictions and penalties. 
If credit life or accident and sickness Insurance is requested, a WBA 450 may 
be required. If a consumer loan in excess of $25,000 is secured by real
property or dwelling, Truth-in-Lending will be applicable. If this Note is 
secured by Maker's principle place of residence, secs. 138.052 and 138.056, 
Wis. Stats., may apply.
<PAGE>   24
                                BUSINESS NOTE


(Use only for business purpose loans or consumer loans in excess of $25,000.)

Tufco Industries, Inc.                     JULY 1, 1993          $  1,200,000.00
- --------------------------------------  -----------------------    -------------
           (MAKER)                             (DATE)

The undersigned ("Maker," whether one
or more) promises to pay to the order of Bank One, Green Bay    ("Lender") at 
200 S. Adams Street, Green Bay ,  Wisconsin, the principal sum of $1,200,000.00:

[Check (a), (b), (c) or (d); only one shall apply.]

[ ]  (a) in one payment on    n/a
                          ----------------------.
[ ]  (b) in  n/a   equal installments of $   n/a   due on     n/a      , and on
     [ ] the same day(s) of each  n/a    month thereafter [ ] every 7th day 
     thereafter [ ] every 14th day thereafter, PLUS a final payment of the 
     unpaid balance and accrued interest due on   n/a        , all subject
     to modification as set forth in (f) below, if applicable. All payments
     include principal and interest.

[X]  (c) in   2   equal installments of principal of $ 50,000.00    due on 
     JUNE 1, 1997      , and on [X] the same day(s) of each succeeding month
     thereafter [ ] every 7th day thereafter [ ] every 14th day thereafter,
     PLUS a final payment of the unpaid principal due on JULY 2, 1997, PLUS 
     interest payable as set forth below.

[X]  (d)   n/a
     --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                               .
     --------------------------------------------------------------------------


If the amount of interest is not shown on line 4 below, this Note bears
interest on the unpaid principal balance before maturity:
[Check (e) of (f) or complete line 4 below; only one shall apply.]

[X]  (e) At the rate of 6.750   % per year.

[ ]  (f) At the annual rate which is equal to the following Index Rate, plus 
      n/a      percentage points ("Note Rate"), and the Note Rate shall be
     adjusted as provided below. The Index Rate is:

     [ ] The prime rate [ ] The reference rate [ ] The base rate adopted by [ ]
         the Lender [ ]      n/a          n/a          from time to time as its 
         base or reference rate for interest rate determinations. The Index
         Rate may or may not be the lowest rate charged by Lender.

     [ ] n/a
         ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                               .
         ----------------------------------------------------------------------

     The Initial Note rate is n/a %. An adjustment in the Note Rate may cause a
     change in the amount of each payment of interest and a change in the
     amount due at maturity. In addition, Lender is authorized to change the
     amount of periodic payments if and to the extent necessary to pay in full
     all accrued interest owing on this Note. The Maker agrees to pay any
     resulting payments or amounts. The Note Rate shall be adjusted only on the
     following change dates: [ ] the first day of each month. [ ] each
     scheduled payment date. [ ] as and when the Index Rate changes. [ ]
          n/a          .

Interest is computed for the actual number of days principal is unpaid on the
basis of [X] a 360 day year [ ] a 365 day year.
Interest is payable on AUGUST 1, 1993     , and on [X] the same day of each    
succeeding      month thereafter, [ ] every 7th day thereafter, [ ] every 14th
day thereafter, and at maturity, or, if box (b) or (d) is checked, at the times
so indicated. If any payment (other than the final payment) is not made on or
before the  15     day after its due date, Lender may collect a delinquency
charge of 5.00    % of the unpaid amount. Unpaid principal and interest bear
interest after maturity until paid (whether by acceleration or lapse of time) at
the rate [ ] which would otherwise be applicable plus n/a   percentage points 
[X] of 15.000  % per year, computed on the same basis. 
[ ] Unless checked here, this Note is NOT secured by a first lien mortgage or 
equivalent security interest on a one-to-four family dwelling used as a 
Maker's principal place of residence.
Full or partial prepayment of this Note [X] is permitted at any time without
penalty [ ]*    n/a

================================================================================
Lender may apply prepayments, if permitted, to such future installments as it
elects.
The obligations under this Note of all Makers are joint and several.
SEE IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES ON REVERSE SIDE.
THIS NOTE INCLUDES ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS ON REVERSE SIDE.

Inapplicable unless filled in (use for add-on loans only).

1. Loan Proceeds              $
                               ----------
2. Cr. Life Ins. Charge
                               ----------
3. Cr. A & S Ins. Charge
                               ----------
4. Interest (Add-on)
                               ----------
5.
                               ----------
6. Face Amount Of Note        $
                               ==========


Tufco Industries, Inc.               (SEAL)
- -------------------------------------

BY /s/ SAMUEL J. BERO                (SEAL)
  -----------------------------------
  Samuel J. Bero   Exec. Vice President

BY /s/ PATRICK J. GARLAND            (SEAL)
  -----------------------------------
  Patrick J. Garland     President
                                     (SEAL)
- -------------------------------------

                                     (SEAL)
- -------------------------------------

3161 S. Ridge Rd.
- -------------------------------------------

Green Bay, WI 54304
- -------------------------------------------
    (ADDRESS)             (PHONE)

================================================================================
                         FOR LENDER CLERICAL USE ONLY

Prin.           $
                 -----------
Int.
                 -----------

                 -----------
Due at Maturity                    New Note            MJF/bre /s/ [ILLEGIBLE]
                 ===========                           -------------------------
                                                               LOAN OFFICER

                                  EXHIBIT A-5

*If checked, insert applicable prepayment restrictions and penalties. 
If credit life or accident and sickness Insurance is requested, a WBA 450 may 
be required. If a consumer loan in excess of $25,000 is secured by real
property or dwelling, Truth-in-Lending will be applicable. If this Note is 
secured by Maker's principle place of residence, secs. 138.052 and 138.056, 
Wis. Stats., may apply.
<PAGE>   25
                                PERMITTED LIENS

Mortgage and Security Interests collateralizing obligations incurred with Banc
One Corporation or its subsidiaries or affiliates.

Mortgage and Security Agreement in favor of Bank One, Milwaukee National
Association recorded in J18467 I34 Doc. #1288579, Brown County, Wisconsin.

Financing Statement in favor of Bank One, Milwaukee National Association filed
as Doc. #638128, Brown County, Wisconsin.

Mortgages and Financing Statements in favor of Bank One, Green Bay.

Mortgage in favor of The Bank of Clarendon recorded in Mortgage Book 165, page
293, Clarendon County, S.C.

Mortgage in favor of The Bank of Clarendon recorded in Mortgage Book 177, page
273, Clarendon County, S.C.

Financing Statements filed with Texas Secretary of State identified as:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Secured Party                            Dated Filed            File No.
- -------------                            -----------            --------
<S>                                      <C>                    <C>
Foothill Bank                            6/29/92                92-129024
The Chase Manhattan Bank, NA             7/22/92                92-145465
Caterpillar Financial
  Services  Corp.                        4/9/93                 93-069768
Caterpillar Financial
  Services  Corp.                        9/l/93                 93-171044
Caterpillar Financial
  Services  Corp.                        10/18/93               93-201087
Caterpillar Financial
  Services  Corp.                        2/10/94                94-026341
Caterpillar Financial
  Services  Corp.                        3/30/94                94-060337
Caterpillar Financial
  Services  Corp.                        10/3/94                94-071760
Caterpillar Financial
  Services  Corp.                        10/3/94                94-094424
Caterpillar Financial
  Services  Corp.                        1/23/95                95-014874
Caterpillar Financial
  Services  Corp.                        1/23/95                95-014875
Caterpillar Financial
  Services  Corp.                        1/23/95                95-014876
Georgia Pacific Corporation              11/16/93               93-220010
Darr Equipment Company                   4/4/94                 94-062679
Darr Equipment Company                   2/8/93                 93-026333
International Paper Company              5/22/95                95-102410
</TABLE>




                                   EXHIBIT B
<PAGE>   26
Financing Statements filed with Wisconsin Secretary of State identified as:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Secured Party                            Dated Filed            File No.
- -------------                            -----------            --------
<S>                                      <C>                    <C>
Bank One, Milwaukee NA                   3/3/86                 07500833416
Bank One, Milwaukee NA                   5/7/92                 07501277443
Bank One, Milwaukee NA                   5/8/92                 00500638128
</TABLE>

Financing Statements filed with South Carolina Secretary of State identified
as:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Secured Party                            Dated Filed            File No.
- -------------                            -----------            --------
<S>                                       <C>                   <C>
Bank One, Milwaukee, NA                   5/11/92               92-022382
</TABLE>





                                   EXHIBIT B
<PAGE>   27
                          LIBOR BORROWING CONFIRMATION

Shown below is a confirmation of a LIBOR request received by Bank One, Green
Bay. If we can be of any further assistance please do not hesitate to call Mark
J. Fischer (414-436-2506) or Maureen VanRoy (414-2644) at your convenience.

                     Company:          Tufco Technologies, Inc.

                     Requester:        Greg Wileman

                     Effective Date:   5/01/96

                     Amount:           $2,750,000

                     Term:             90 days

                     Maturity:         7/7/30/96

                     Rate:             6.98%



- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To:          Greg Wileman                  From:         Mark Fischer
Company:     Tufco Technologies, Inc.      Company:      Bank One, Green Bay
Direct Dial: 1-800-992-0997                Direct Dial:  (414) 436-2506
Fax #:       (214) 387-0516                Fax #:        (414) 436-2523
<PAGE>   28
Tufco Industries, Inc.,                                         $6,625,000.00
Executive Converting Corporation
and Hamco Industries, Inc. (Maker)                              February 1, 1996

                                   TERM NOTE

       The undersigned ("Maker," whether one or more) promises to pay to the
order of Bank One, Green Bay ("Bank") at its office, the principal amount of Six
Million Five Hundred Sixty-Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($6,625,000.00),
PLUS interest as described below. Principal and interest is payable monthly
commencing February 29, 1996 and on the last day of each consecutive month
thereafter and at maturity.

       Monthly principal payments shall be made in the following amounts:
payments 1 through 6, $62,500.00 each; payments 7 through 18, $75,000.00 each;
payments 19 through 30, $83,333.33 each; payments 31 through 54, $91,666.66
each; payments 55 through 65, $95,833.33 each; and payment 66, $95,833.57. The
Maker is in the process of securing deferral of certain principal payments due
May 1, 1996, May 1, 1997, May 1, 1998 and May 1, 1999 with respect to a certain
industrial development revenue bond with the Village of Ashwaubenon, Brown
County, Wisconsin, dated as of May 6, 1992, series 1992, known as the Tufco
Project ("IDRB"). In the event no deferral is obtained with respect to the IDRB
payments above-specified, an additional principal payment shall be made on this
Note in the sum of $1,000,000.00 on April 29, 1999. In the event a deferral of
all of the above specified IDRB payments are obtained, an additional principal
payment in the amount of $41,666.66 shall be payable April 19, 1996 and
additional monthly principal payments in the amount of $20,833.33 each shall be
payable monthly commencing April 30, 1996 and continuing on the last date of
each consecutive month
<PAGE>   29
thereafter for forty-five consecutive months, together with an additional
principal payment of $20,833.50 due on January 31, 2000. In the event a
deferral is not obtained with respect to the IDRB payment due May 1, 1996 and a
deferral is obtained for the IDRB payments due May 1, 1997, May 1, 1998, May 1,
1999 and May 1, 2000, a principal payment in the amount of $62,500.00 shall be
payable May 15, 1996, and additional monthly principal payments in the amount
of $20,833.33 each shall be payable monthly commencing May 31, 1996 and
continuing on the last day of each consecutive month thereafter for forty-four
consecutive months, together with an additional principal payment of $20,833.50
due on January 31, 2000.

       This Note bears interest computed for the actual number of days
principal is unpaid, on a 360-day year basis, until maturity, at the rate of
7.03% per year until January 31, 2000. On or before January 31, 2000, the Maker
and the Bank shall in good faith agree to a rate of interest for the remaining
term of this obligation. The unpaid balance and accrued interest shall bear
interest after maturity at the rate of 15.00% per year.

       If any payment is not paid when due, or upon the occurrence of an event
of default under the Loan Agreement herein described, the unpaid balance shall,
at the option of the holder and without notice, mature and immediately become
due and payable. The unpaid balance shall mature automatically and immediately
become due and payable in the event any Maker or guarantor becomes the subject
of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings.

       This Note is issued and secured pursuant to a Loan Agreement dated as of
August 22, 1995 between the Maker and the Bank. This Note is further secured by
all existing and future Security Agreements, Assignments, Collateral Pledge
Agreements and





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   30
Mortgages between the Bank and any Maker, and/or the Bank and any guarantor of
this Note, and payment may be accelerated upon default under any of them. The
Maker grants the holder a security interest and lien in any credit balance or
other money now or hereafter owed any Maker by holder, except for money held in
qualified retirement accounts, and, in addition, agrees that holder may at any
time after an occurrence of an event of default, without notice or demand, set
off against such credit balance or other money any amount unpaid under the
Note.

       Without affecting the liability of any Maker or guarantor, the holder
may, without notice, renew or extend the time for payment, accept partial
payments, release or impair any collateral security for the payment of this
Note or agree not to sue any party liable on it.

       The Maker and guarantor agree to pay all costs of collection, including
reasonable attorney fees, and waive presentment, protest, demand and notice of
dishonor.

       This Note may be prepaid in full or in part at any time. In the event of
any prepayment, the Maker shall pay the holder a prepayment premium penalty in
the amount specified in subsection 1.19 of the Loan Agreement.

       Holder may apply partial prepayments to any future installments it
elects.

       The Bank has not made any representations or warranties with respect to,
and does not assume any responsibility for, the collectibility or
enforceability of this Note or any collateral securing this Note or the
financial condition of any Maker. Each Maker and guarantor has independently
determined the collectibility and enforceability of this Note and any
collateral securing this Note and has made an independent appraisal of each
Maker's





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   31
credit worthiness. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of the State of Wisconsin.


                                      TUFCO INDUSTRIES INC. (SEAL)


                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer


                                      EXECUTIVE CONVERTING CORPORATION (SEAL)


                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer



                                      HAMCO INDUSTRIES, INC. (SEAL)

                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   32
Tufco Industries, Inc.,                                         $9,750,000.00
Executive Converting Corporation
and Hamco Industries, Inc. (Maker)                              February 1, 1996

                                MASTER DRAW NOTE

       The undersigned ("Maker," whether one or more) promises to pay to the
order of Bank One, Green Bay ("Bank") at its office, the principal amount of
Nine Million Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($9,750,000.00) or such
lesser amount as may be outstanding hereunder, as shown on the records of the
Bank, in one payment on March 31, 1998, PLUS interest as described below,
payable monthly commencing February 29, 1996 and on the last day of each
consecutive month thereafter and at maturity.

       This is a revolving master draw note under which amounts may be
borrowed, repaid and borrowed again. The maximum aggregate availability under
this Note shall not exceed the sum of Nine Million Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($9,750,000.00) reduced by the Letter of Credit sublimit availability
in use from time to time as specified in the Loan Agreement. During the term of
this Note, the Maker shall pay the Bank such sums as may be necessary from time
to time to comply with the credit availability limits as specified in the Loan
Agreement. The Maker agrees that the Bank's internal records shall be
conclusive evidence of the amounts outstanding.

       This Note bears interest computed for the actual number of days
principal is unpaid, on a 360-day year basis, until maturity. The unpaid
balance and accrued interest shall bear interest after maturity at 1.00
percentage point in excess of the Reference Rate in effect from time to time or
the rate of 15.00% per year, whichever is higher, until paid.

       A Reference Rate Loan shall bear interest on a 360-day year basis at the
rate which is 0.25% less than the rate of interest





<PAGE>   33
announced by the Bank from time to time as its Reference Rate for interest rate
determinations ("Reference Rate") and the rate shall change as and when the
Reference Rate changes. The Reference Rate may or may not be the lowest
interest rate charged by the Bank.

       A Libor Rate Loan shall bear interest on a 360-day year basis, at the
rate which is 1.50 percentage points in excess of the Adjusted Libor Rate for
the selected Loan Period determined two business days prior to the making of
the Libor Rate Loan.

       Libor Rate Loans shall be in a minimum amount of $500,000.00.

       The applicable interest rate shall be subject to adjustment as provided
in subsection 2.2 of the Loan Agreement.

       There shall be no prepayment of Libor Rate Loans without the Bank's
permission.

       Upon maturity of any Libor Rate Loan, the same shall be repaid or if
availability permits, re-advanced by the Bank as a Reference Rate Loan unless
the Borrower submits a Libor Rate Loan request pursuant to the Loan Agreement.

       If any payment is not paid when due, or upon the occurrence of an event
of default under the Loan Agreement herein described, the unpaid balance shall,
at the option of the holder and without notice, mature and immediately become
due and payable. The unpaid balance shall mature automatically and immediately
become due and payable in the event any Maker or guarantor becomes the subject
of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings.

       This Note is issued and secured pursuant to a Loan Agreement dated as of
August 22, 1995 between the Maker and the Bank, as amended. This Note is
further secured by all existing and future Security Agreements, Assignments,
Collateral Pledge Agreements and Mortgages between the Bank and any Maker,
and/or the Bank and





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   34
any guarantor of this Note, and payment may be accelerated upon default under
any of them. The Maker grants the holder a security interest and lien in any
credit balance or other money now or hereafter owed any Maker by holder, except
for money held in qualified retirement accounts, and, in addition, agrees that
holder may at any time after an occurrence of an event of default, without
notice or demand, set off against such credit balance or other money any amount
unpaid under the Note.

       Without affecting the liability of any Maker or guarantor, the holder
may, without notice, renew or extend the time for payment, accept partial
payments, release or impair any collateral security for the payment of this
Note or agree not to sue any party liable on it.

       The Maker and guarantor agree to pay all costs of collection, including
reasonable attorney fees, and waive presentment, protest, demand and notice of
dishonor.

       The Bank has not made any representations or warranties with respect to,
and does not assume any responsibility for, the collectibility or
enforceability of this Note or any collateral securing this Note or the
financial condition of any Maker. Each Maker and guarantor has independently
determined the collectibility and enforceability of this Note and any
collateral securing this Note and has made an independent appraisal of each
Maker's credit worthiness. This Note shall be construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of Wisconsin.



                                      TUFCO INDUSTRIES INC. (SEAL)


                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   35

                                      EXECUTIVE CONVERTING CORPORATION (SEAL)


                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer

                                      HAMCO INDUSTRIES, INC. (SEAL)

                                      By: /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS                   
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Carl B. Francis
                                          Title: President and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer

                                      By: /s/ GREG WILEMAN                      
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Greg Wileman
                                          Title: Secretary and Chief
                                                 Financial Officer





                                      -4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.17
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>SEPERATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.17
                            SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND
                    GENERAL RELEASE AND CONSULTING AGREEMENT

    This Separation Agreement and General Release and Consulting Agreement
("Agreement") is made and entered into this 1st day of October, 1996, by and
between CARL B. FRANCIS ("Francis") and TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. ("Tufco");

    WHEREAS, Francis has been employed by Tufco as President and Chief
Executive Officer; and

    WHEREAS, Francis and Tufco mutually desire to conclude Francis' employment
on an amicable basis; and

    WHEREAS, Francis and Tufco mutually desire to enter into a Consulting
Agreement pursuant to which Francis will provide consulting services;

    IT IS HEREBY AGREED by and between Francis and Tufco as follows:

    1.   Francis' employment with Tufco and all of its affiliated companies
(collectively, "the Tufco Companies"), is terminated effective September 19,
1996 and, upon execution of this Agreement, and Francis will resign from any
and all related positions with any Tufco Companies, including, without
limitation, as a member of the Board of Directors of any Tufco Companies. The
press release attached hereto as Exhibit "A" will announce Francis' departure.

    2.   In full consideration of Francis' execution of this Agreement and his
agreement to be legally bound by its terms, Tufco will:
<PAGE>   2
         a.  Pay Francis $200,000.00, less applicable deductions, as a bonus
for performance in 1996;

         b.  Enter into a consulting agreement with Francis whereby Francis
shall perform consulting services for Tufco beginning on September 20, 1996 and
ending on April 20, 1998 (the "Consulting Term");

         c.  During the Consulting Term, Francis shall perform such consulting
services as the Board or the then President of Tufco reasonably requests, at
the times and on the occasions requested by Tufco. Tufco shall also reimburse
Francis for any reasonable business expenses incurred on Tufco's behalf in
connection with the performance of his services under this Paragraph. Francis
shall perform such services as an independent contractor, not as an employee of
Tufco and shall not have any authority to bind Tufco to any contracts or other
obligations during the Consulting Tenn.  During the Consulting Term, Francis
shall at all times comply with all reasonable policies and procedures adopted
by Tufco, including, without limitation, the procedures and policies adopted by
Tufco regarding conflicts of interest and confidentiality of Tufco's business
information;

         d.  For all services rendered by Francis as a consultant to Tufco
during the Consulting Term, Tufco shall pay Francis on the 19th of each month
beginning October 19, 1996, the monthly compensation of $16,666.66, and $850
per month as a car allowance;

         e.  During the Consulting Term, Francis shall be solely responsible
for the payment of all federal, state and local taxes or contributions imposed
or required by law that pertain to the compensation paid to Francis for the
performance of consulting services. To the extent there are any tax
consequences arising from the payments made by Tufco pursuant to this





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3
Paragraph, Francis shall be exclusively responsible for any payment of federal,
state and local taxes. Francis will indemnify and hold harmless and defend
Tufco against any and all claims or liabilities that may be asserted by any
governmental taxing authority, including payment of attorney's fees, charges,
assessments, interest, penalties or liabilities arising out of or with respect
to any tax liabilities relating to payment to Francis pursuant to this
Paragraph.

         f.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent the
termination of the Consulting Term by Tufco prior to April 20, 1998. In the
event of such a termination, Tufco shall pay to Francis all of the compensation
set forth in Paragraph 2.d for the remainder of the Consulting Term, in
installments as set out in Paragraph 2.d and thereafter Tufco shall have no
further liability or obligation to Francis for compensation hereunder. Such
termination shall be effective by notice thereof delivered by Tufco to Francis
and provided in Paragraph 19.b.

    3.   Francis, for and in consideration of the undertakings set forth in
herein, and intending to be legally bound, does hereby REMISE, RELEASE AND
FOREVER DISCHARGE Tufco and any and all other Tufco Companies individually and
collectively, its and their respective officers, directors, employees and
agents, and its and their predecessors, successors and assigns, heirs,
executors and administrators, of and from any and all manner of actions and
causes of actions, suits, debts, claims and demands whatsoever in law or in
equity, which Francis ever had, now has, or hereafter may have, or which his
heirs, executors or administrators hereafter may have by reason of any matter,
cause or thing whatsoever from the beginning of the world to the date of this
Agreement and, particularly, but without limitation of the foregoing terms, any
claims concerning or relating in any way to Francis' employment





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4
relationship and/or the termination of his employment relationship with Tufco
and/or its component and/or affiliated corporate entities including, but not
limited to, any claims which have been or could have been asserted, or could be
asserted now or in the future against Tufco and/or its officers, directors,
employees and agents including any claims arising under any and all federal,
state or local statutory or common laws including, but not limited to, any
claims arising under the Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C.
Section 2000e, Age Discrimination in Employment Act 29 U.S.C. Section 621 et
seq., the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 12101, et seq.,
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ("ERISA") and any and all other
claims arising out of Francis' employment at Tufco, including any claims
relating in any way to the Employment Agreement dated April 21, 1995 that was
entered into between Francis and Tufco, and any claims for counsel fees and
costs. Except as provided herein, it is expressly understood and agreed that
this Agreement shall operate as a clear and unequivocal waiver by Francis of
any claim for accrued or future wages, benefits or any other type of payment.

    4.   Francis hereby acknowledges the following:

         a.  That his position with Tufco placed him in a position of
confidence and trust with the prospective customers, customers and employees of
Tufco and allowed him access to confidential or proprietary information of
Tufco;

         b.  That the type and periods of restrictions imposed by the covenants
by this Separation Agreement and General Release are fair and reasonable and
such restrictions will not prevent him from earning a livelihood;

         c.  That the business of Tufco is, in general, a highly competitive
business; and





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5
         d.  Having acknowledged the foregoing matters,

             (1) Francis, from the date this Agreement is executed until April
20, 2001, (the "Non-Competition Period"), shall not within the United States of
America, Canada and Mexico, directly or indirectly, in any capacity, render his
services, engage or have a financial interest in, any business that is
competitive with any of those business activities in which Tufco shall have
been engaged during his employment by it, including paper converting, mill roll
converting, paper sheeting, slitting and rewinding paper rolls, facsimile
rolls, and buying and reselling paper products, nor shall Francis assist any
person or entity that is engaged in such business, including by making Tufco
Information (defined below in Paragraph 3 d.(4)) available to any such person
or entity. In addition, during the Non-Competition Period, Francis shall not
directly or indirectly solicit or otherwise encourage any of Tufco's employees
to terminate their employment with Tufco or Tufco Companies. If a court
determines that the foregoing restrictions are too broad or otherwise
unreasonable under applicable law, including with respect to time or space, the
court is hereby requested and authorized by the parties hereto to review the
foregoing restrictions to include the maximum restrictions allowable under
applicable law.

             (2) The terms of this Section shall apply to Francis and any
persons or entities controlled by Francis, including any relative of Francis,
corporation or other entity of which he is an officer, director or shareholder,
or any other affiliate of Francis, to the same extent as if they were parties
hereto, and Francis shall take whatever actions may be necessary to cause any
such persons or entities to adhere to the terms of this Section.

             (3) All inventions, innovations, designs, ideas and product
developments (collectively, the "Developments"), developed or conceived by
Francis, solely or





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6
jointly with others, whether or not patentable or copyright table, at any time
during his employment at Tufco or Tufco Companies, either as an employee or
consultant, and that relate to the actual or planned business activities of
Tufco or the Tufco Companies and all of Francis' right, title and interest
therein, are, shall be, and shall remain, the exclusive property of Tufco or
the Tufco Companies, as the case may be. Francis hereby assigns, transfers and
conveys to Tufco all of his right, title and interest in and to any and all
such Developments. As requested from time to time by the Board, Francis shall
disclose fully, as soon as practicable and in writing, all Developments to the
Board. At any time and from time to time, upon the request of any of the Board,
Francis shall execute and deliver to Tufco any and all instruments, documents
and papers, give evidence and do any and all other acts that, in the opinion of
counsel for Tufco, are or may be necessary or desirable to document such
transfer or to enable Tufco to file and prosecute applications for and to
acquire, maintain and enforce any and all patents, trademark registrations or
copyrights under United States or foreign law with respect to any such
Developments or to obtain any extension, validation, reissue, continuance or
renewal of any such patent, trademark or copyright. Tufco will be responsible
for the preparation of any such instruments, documents and papers and for the
prosecution of any such proceedings and will reimburse Francis for all
reasonable expenses incurred by him in compliance with the provisions of this
Section.

             (4) Francis has had and may have possession of or access to
confidential information relating to the business of Tufco or the Tufco
Companies, including writings, equipment, processes, drawings, reports,
manuals, invention records, financial information, business plans, customer
lists, the identity of or other facts relating to prospective





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7
customers, inventory lists, arrangements with suppliers and customers, computer
programs, or other material embodying trade secrets, customer or product
information or technical or business information of Tufco or the Tufco
Companies. All such information, other than any information that is in the
public domain through no act or omission of Francis or which he is authorized
to disclose, is referred to collectively as the "Tufco Information." During and
after the Non- Competition Period, Francis shall not (i) use or exploit in any
manner the Tufco Information for himself or any person, partnership,
association, corporation or other entity other than Tufco, (ii) remove any
Tufco Information, or any reproduction thereof, from the possession or control
of Tufco or (iii) treat Tufco Information otherwise than in a confidential
manner.

             (5) All Tufco Information developed, created or maintained by
Francis, alone or with others while employed by Tufco or the Tufco Companies,
and all Tufco Information maintained by Francis hereafter, shall remain at all
times the exclusive property of Tufco. Francis shall return to Tufco all Tufco
Information, and reproductions thereof, whether prepared by him or others, that
are in his possession upon execution of this Agreement.

             (6) If Francis is requested or required by law or judicial order
to disclose any confidential or proprietary information, he shall provide Tufco
with prompt notice of any such request for such information or requirement so
that Tufco may seek an appropriate protective order or waiver of his compliance
with the provisions of this clause. Francis will not oppose action by, and will
cooperate with Tufco to obtain an appropriate protective order or other
reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the
confidential or proprietary information.





                                      -7-
<PAGE>   8
             (7) Francis expressly acknowledges that the remedy at law for any
breach of this Section will be inadequate and that upon any such breach or
threatened breach, Tufco shall be entitled as a matter of right to injunctive
relief in any court of competent jurisdiction, in equity or otherwise, and to
enforce the specific performance of Francis' obligations under these provisions
without the necessity of proving the actual damage to Tufco or the inadequacy
of a legal remedy. The rights conferred upon Tufco by the preceding sentence
shall not be exclusive of, but shall be in addition to, any other rights or
remedies which Tufco may have at law, in equity or otherwise.

    5.   This Agreement does not affect, alter, amend or modify the terms of
the Option Agreement dated June 1, 1995, between Tufco and Oasis Holding Trust;

    6.   None of the payments to be made under this Agreement will become due
until after the expiration of the seven (7) day revocation period set forth in
Paragraph 18 of this Agreement and will never become due should Francis
exercise his right to revoke this Agreement.

    7.   Francis shall vacate his office in Tufco's Dallas location upon
execution of this Agreement. Francis' office furniture will be stored in a
vacant office in Tufco's Dallas location until November 22, 1996. Francis 
acknowledges and agrees that Tufco will be held harmless for any damage or
loss to the furniture during this storage period.

    8.   Upon execution of this Agreement, Tufco will permit Francis to remove
his personal property items listed on Exhibit "B" attached hereto that are
located in Tufco's Dallas office. Furthermore, Tufco will permit Francis to
remove his personal papers contained in





                                      -8-
<PAGE>   9
the file cabinet of his former Dallas office after a Tufco representative
confirms that these are not Tufco-related items.

    9.   Upon execution of this Agreement, Tufco shall sell to Francis at book
value, those items listed on Exhibit "C" attached hereto.

    10.  Within ten (10) business days of the execution of this Agreement
Francis will either return to Tufco all of the items listed in Exhibit "D" to
this Agreement or will remit to Tufco the original purchase price for these
items, as indicated on Exhibit "D".

    11.  Neither Tufco nor any of the Tufco Companies has, or will have, any
obligation to provide Francis at any time in the future with any payments,
benefits or considerations other than those recited in Paragraph 2 above, and
the Employment Agreement between the parties, entered into April 21, 1995, is
null and void.

    12.  Neither Francis, nor any person, organization or other entity on his
behalf, will file, charge, claim, sue or cause or permit to be filed, charged
or claimed any action for legal or equitable relief (including damages,
injunctive, declaratory, monetary or other relief) involving any matter related
in any way whatsoever to his employment relationship or the termination of his
employment relationship with Tufco or the Tufco Companies, or involving any
continuing effects of any acts or practices which may have arisen or occurred
during Francis' employment relationship or thereafter in connection with the
termination of his employment relationship with Tufco or the Tufco Companies.

    13.  Francis recognizes that his employment relationship with Tufco and the
Tufco Companies has been permanently and irrevocably severed, and that neither
Tufco nor the





                                      -9-
<PAGE>   10
Tufco Companies has any obligation, contractual or otherwise, to hire, rehire,
or reemploy him in the future.

    14.  The parties' professional and personal reputations are important and
should not be impaired by any party after this Agreement is executed. Francis
will not publish any communications to any other person or entity that comments
negatively on the professional reputation of Tufco or the Tufco Companies, or
the professional or personal reputation of its officers, directors or
management, and Tufco will not publish any communication to any person or
entity outside of Tufco that comments negatively upon Francis' professional or
personal reputation.

    15.  Francis hereby certifies that he has read the terms of this Separation
Agreement and General Release and Consulting Agreement, that he has discussed
it with his attorney, and that he understands its terms and effects. Francis
further acknowledges that he is executing this Separation Agreement and General
Release and Consulting Agreement of his own volition, with a full understanding
of its terms and effects, and with the intention of releasing all claims
recited herein and complying with the terms of Paragraph 3, in exchange for the
consideration described herein, which he acknowledges is adequate and
satisfactory to him. Neither Tufco nor its agents, representatives, employees
or attorneys have made any representations to Francis concerning the terms or
effects of this Separation Agreement and General Release and Consulting
Agreement other than those contained herein.

    16.  Francis will not communicate or disclose the terms of this Separation
Agreement and General Release and Consulting Agreement or the circumstances
leading up to





                                      -10-
<PAGE>   11
this Agreement as described herein, to any persons other than members of his
immediate family, his attorney, accountant and/or tax consultant, state and
federal tax authorities or other persons as may be required by law.

    17.  If Francis dies during the term of this Agreement, Tufco shall
continue to pay his executors, legal representatives or administrators the
unpaid installments of his compensation set forth in Paragraph 2.d hereof,
payable to the appropriate legal representatives. The provision of Paragraph 4
shall expressly survive in the event of Francis' death.

    18.  Francis acknowledges that he has been informed that he has the right
to consider this Agreement for a period of at least twenty-one (21) days prior
to entering the Agreement. He also understands that he has the right to revoke
this Agreement for a period of seven (7) days following his execution of the
Agreement by giving written notice to Tufco.  Such notice shall be effective
upon receipt by Tufco.

    19.  General provisions.

         a.  Governing Law. The terms of this Agreement shall be governed by
the laws of the State of Texas;

         b.  Notices. All notices required to be given under this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when personally
delivered or when mailed by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid,
return receipt requested, or when sent by Federal Express or other overnight
delivery service, addressed as follows:





                                      -11-
<PAGE>   12
    TO EMPLOYEE:

         Mr. Carl B. Francis
         c/o Roy J. True, Esquire
         True & Sewell, LLP 
         88 Central, Ninth Floor 
         Dallas, TX 75206

    TO TUFCO:

         Tufco Technologies, Inc.
         c/o Mr. Greg Wilemon, Chief Financial Officer
         4800 Simonton Road
         Dallas, TX 75244

                 and

         Tufco Technologies, Inc.
         c/o Mr. Robert J. Simon, Chairman
         Bradford Ventures, Ltd.
         1212 Avenue of the Americas 
         Suite 1802
         New York, NY 10036

         c.  Entire Agreement; Modification. This Agreement constitutes the
entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof. This Agreement may not be modified or amended in any way except in
writing by the parties hereto.

         d.  Waiver. No waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall be
construed to be a waiver as to succeeding breaches.

         e.  Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or application
thereof to anyone under any circumstances is adjudicated to be invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall
not affect any other provisions or applications of this Agreement which can be
given effect without the invalid or unenforceable





                                      -12-
<PAGE>   13
provision or application and shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such
provision in any other jurisdiction.

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, have
hereunto duly executed this Agreement the date and year first written above.

ATTEST:                                          TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

/s/ KATHY MANOS                                  By: /s/ [ILLEGIBLE]
- ---------------                                      --------------------------
                                                 TITLE CEO/Corporate Secretary

WITNESS:


/s/ [ILLEGIBLE]                                  /s/ CARL B. FRANCIS
- ---------------                                  --------------------------
                                                 CARL B. FRANCIS





                                      -13-
<PAGE>   14
                                  EXHIBIT "A"

NEWS RELEASE

Contact:         Greg Wilemon, CFO/COO
                 Tufco Technologies, Inc.
                 4800 Simonton Road 
                 Dallas,Texas 75244
                 (214)-789-1079
                 (214)-789-1586 (Fax)

                                                          FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE


                   TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. LEADERSHIP CHANGES

DALLAS, TX (September 30, 1996)--Tufco Technologies,Inc.(NASDAQ:TFCO),one of
the largest competitors in the $5 billion converting and specialty printing
industry, announced major changes in its leadership team today. The Dallas,
Texas based company announced that Carl Francis, President and CEO, has chosen
to retire effective September 19, 1996, the date of Tufco Technologies, Inc.
Third Quarter Board Meeting. The Tufco Board of Directors has named Louis
LeCalsey, III as Francis' successor. Mr. LeCalsey, a 22 year veteran of Scott
Paper, joined Tufco April 1, l996 as President of the Tufco Industries
Division, with operations in Green Bay, WI and Manning, SC. Mr. LeCalsey was
Vice President-Worldwide Logistics with Scott during the 1994-1995 leadership
tenure of Al Dunlap, which culminated in the merger of Scott Paper with
Kimberly-Clark.

Mr. LeCalsey stated "I am most pleased with this opportunity to captain the
'New Tufco' leadership team to deliver significantly higher levels of market
position and shareholder value. Under Carl Francis, Tufco recorded significant
growth and he recruited the management team now in place to lead Tufco
Technologies. The new team is experienced in all facets of the paper industry,
and our first order of business will be the development of a Strategic Business
Plan to
<PAGE>   15
guide Tufco's growth and maximize shareholder value in 1997 and beyond." 
Mr. LeCalsey further profiled the members of the Tufco Technologies executive 
leadership group:

         "Greg Wilemon will assume the new responsibilities of Chairman of
         Operations in addition to his existing position as Chief Financial
         Officer for Tufco Technologies. Greg has been a Tufco employee for 3
         years.

         Mike Schilling will continue as Vice-President Human Resources. Mike
         has been am employee of Tufco Technologies for 7 years including his
         prior service as Human Resources-Manager for Tufco-Green Bay prior to
         its acquisition in 1992.

         Steve Heimerman has been promoted to President-Tufco Industries
         Division (Green Bay, WI and Manning SC).  Prior to joining Tufco,
         Steve was Director of Business Systems for Scott Paper and had over 25
         years with that firm in various manufacturing leadership roles.

         John Bonander will continue to lead the Hamco Division (Newton, NC) as
         its President. John has been with Tufco for one year. He founded and
         was President of a paper distribution company that was later sold to
         International Paper. John was instrumental in Tufco's acquisition of
         Hamco.

         David Parker remains President of Executive Converting Corporation
         Division (Dallas, TX). David has been an ECC/Tufco employee for 10 
         years and worked through various increasingly responsible roles at 
         ECC."

Tufco Technologies, Inc. is a leading specialty printer and converter of custom
paper and nonwoven materials with headquarters in Dallas, Texas. The Company
was organized in 1992 with the objective of acquiring and operating paper
converting companies.
                                      End
<PAGE>   16
         ECC Photograph
         Crystal "Swirl" Paperweight
         Crystal "Golf Ball" Desk Clock
         Golf Ball Display
         (4) Boise Cascade Coffee Cups
         Brown Waste Container
         Miscellaneous Files and Supplies

Miscellaneous:

         (2) Four-drawer File Cabinets
         Murata F-30 Fax Machine
         Glass Table with Black Trim
         Three-Hole Punch
         Two-Hole Punch
<PAGE>   17
                                   EXHIBIT C

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Lybbie Hall's Office                      Book Value
         --------------------                      ----------
                 <S>                               <C>     
                 Westons                           $1,549.19
                 Computer                             221.80
                 Shredder                                  0
                 Typewriter                                0
                 Nec 6300                                  0
                 Wall Hangings                             0
                 Files, lateral                            0
                                                   ---------
                 Total                             $1,770.99
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Carl Francis' Office
         --------------------
         <S>                                      <C>
                 Entertainment center
                 Executive Desk
                 Executive Chair
                 Executive Credenza
                 Lamp
                 2 chairs--guest
                 Conference table
                 4 chairs
                 Total                             $1,806.85

         Total Book Value of Hall's and Francis' Offices:  $3,577.84
</TABLE>
<PAGE>   18
                                   EXHIBIT D

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Palm Springs Office                                                      Purchase Price  
         -------------------                                                      --------------  
                 <S>      <C>                                                        <C>
                 1.       Compaq Pendium PC, monitor, keyboard,                      3231.05
                          modem and peripherals.

                 2.       Laser jet printer.                                         1011.06

                 3.       Fax machine                                                1184.19

                 4.       Copier.                                                     887.81

         Dallas Office
         -------------
                 1.       Portable lap top computer.                                 4045.29

                 2.       Printer                                                    2347.28
                                                                                  ----------
                                                                      TOTAL       $12,706.68
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.18
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

        This Employment Agreement is made and entered into between Tufco
Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Tufco"), Louis LeCalsey, III (the
"Employee").

        WHEREAS, Tufco desires to employ the Employee, and the Employee desires
to become an employee of Tufco, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set
forth.

                                  WITNESSETH:

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises
contained herein, the parties hereto, each intending to be legally bound
hereby, agree as follows:

1.      Employment.

        Tufco hereby employs the Employee as President and Chief Executive
Officer of Tufco and the Employee hereby accepts such employment, effective
September 19, 1996. During the term of employment under this Agreement (the
"Employment Term"), the Employee shall perform Employee's duties and
responsibilities hereunder in accordance with the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth.

2.       Performance.

         During the Employment Term, the Employee shall perform all duties and
accept all responsibilities as may be assigned from time to time by the Board
of Directors of Tufco (the "Board") and that are consistent with the duties and
responsibilities of a President and Chief Executive Officer. During the
Employment Term, the Employee will diligently devote his entire business skill,
time and effort to the performance of his duties hereunder and will not alone
or as a member of a partnership or as an officer, director, employee or agent
of any other person, firm or business organization, engage in any other
business activities or pursuits requiring his personal services that might
conflict with his duties hereunder.

3.       Term.

         Unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Sections 6 or 7, the
Employment Term shall be for an initial term of three years commencing on
September 19, 1996 and continuing thereafter for successive one-year renewal
terms.

4.       Compensation for Employment.

         (a)      The basic annual compensation of the Employee for his
employment services to Tufco and to all of Tufco's subsidiaries and affiliated
companies during the Employment Term shall be $200,000 (the "Salary"), which
Tufco shall pay to the Employee in equal monthly installments. Tufco may adjust
the salary upward on an annual basis as the Board may determine, but the Salary
shall not be decreased.
<PAGE>   2
         (b)      Commencing as of October 1, 1996 and continuing during the
Employment Term, Tufco shall pay the Employee a bonus in accordance with this
paragraph (b). For each fiscal year during the Employment Term, the Board, in
its sole discretion, shall establish a budget for pre-tax income in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied and the
Employee's bonus will vary as a percentage of Salary in relation to the
percentage achievement of that budget as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     Percentage of         Percentage of Salary
    Budget Attained           Earned as Bonus
    -------------------------------------------
        <S>                     <C>
         <85%                      0%
          85%                     35%
          90%                     40%
         100%                     50%
         110%                     60%
         120%                     70%
         130%                     80%
         140%                     90%
         150%                    100%
</TABLE>

For a percentage of budget achievement between the benchmarks, the percentage
of Salary shall be linearly interpolated, provided that no bonus shall be paid
for achievement that constitutes less than 85% of the budget and the maximum
bonus shall be 100% of Salary in any event. In the case of a partial fiscal
year, Tufco shall adjust the bonus to correspond to Tufco's budget and the
salary for the portion of the applicable fiscal year that shall be included in
the Employment Term.

         (c)     During the Employment Term, Tufco shall also provide the
Employee with a $600 car allowance and health benefits consistent with those
provided to other senior executives of Tufco. The Employee will be entitled to
five (5) weeks of vacation for each year of the Employment Term. Tufco shall
also reimburse the Employee for any reasonable business expenses incurred on
Tufco's behalf in connection with the performance of his services during the
Employment Term.

         (d)      During the Employment Term and thereafter until the Employee
attains age 65, the Company will include the Employee, his wife and his
children under the age of twenty-five in whatever health care benefit plans
that the Company generally provides to its senior executive officers from time
to time, but only to the extent that the terms of such plans permit doing so.
Tufco will cease covering the Employee's children upon the earlier of the
child's attainment of the age 25 or graduation from college.

         (e)      During the Employment Term, the Company will provide the
Employee with term life insurance in the amount of $250,000. Upon termination
of the Employment Term, the Company will provide the Employee with term life
insurance in the amount of $125,000, until the Employee attains age 65.





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3
5.       Agreement Not To Compete.

         (a)      During the Non-Competition Period (defined below), the
Employee shall not, within the United States of America, Canada and Mexico,
directly or indirectly, in any capacity, render his services, engage or have a
financial interest (other than an investor-only financial interest) in, any
business that is competitive with any of those business activities in which
Tufco shall have been engaged during his employment by it, including paper
converting, mill roll converting, paper sheeting, slitting and rewinding paper
rolls, facsimile rolls, and buying and reselling paper products, nor shall the
Employee assist any person or entity that is engaged in such business,
including by making Tufco Information (defined below) available to any such
person or entity. In addition, during the Non-Competition Period, the Employee
shall not directly or indirectly solicit or otherwise encourage any of Tufco's
employees to terminate their employment with Tufco. If a court determines that
the foregoing restrictions are too broad or otherwise unreasonable under
applicable law, including with respect to time or space, the court is hereby
requested and authorized by the parties hereto to review the foregoing
restriction to include the maximum restrictions allowable under applicable law.
The "Non-Competition Period" means the period equal to the Employment Term plus
an additional period of one year after the termination of the Employee's
employment with Tufco.

         (b)      The terms of this Section 5 shall apply to the Employee and
any persons or entities controlled by the Employee, including any member of the
Employee's household, corporation or other entity of which he is an officer,
director or shareholder, or any other affiliate of the Employee, to the same
extent as if they were parties hereto, and the Employee shall take whatever
actions may be necessary to cause any such persons or entities to adhere to the
terms of this Section 5.

6.       Termination Without Compensation.

         (a)      Non-Renewal of Term. The Employment Term may be terminated
by either party hereto as of the end of the initial term or any renewal term
then in effect by giving notice of the intention to terminate the Employment
Term at least 30 days prior to the termination date. Upon any such termination,
Tufco shall not have any further liability or obligation to the Employee
hereunder except for any unpaid Salary and Fringe Benefits accrued to the date
of termination.

         (b)      Partial or Total Disability. If the Employee is unable to
perform his duties and responsibilities hereunder to the full extent required
hereunder by reason of illness, injury or incapacity for six months (during
which time he shall continue to be compensated hereunder), Tufco may terminate
the Employment Term by notice to the Employee of the termination date, and
Tufco shall not have any further liability or obligation to the Employee
hereunder except for any unpaid Salary and Fringe Benefits accrued to the date
of termination. In the event of any dispute under this Section 6(b), the
Employee shall submit to a physical examination by a licensed physician
mutually satisfactory to Tufco and the Employee, the cost of such examination
to be paid by Tufco, and the determination of such physician shall be
determinative. If, after termination due to disability as provided herein, the
Employee obtains, at his sole expense, medical certification from a licensed
physician reasonably satisfactory to Tufco that such disability has ended,
Tufco shall offer to employ





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4
the Employee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement for the remainder of the
initial term or any renewal term in effect at the time of termination, except
that Tufco shall not be required to reemploy the Employee at the same officer
position if Tufco shall have elected another person to such position during the
period of the Employee's disability and such other person continues in such
position at the time of the Employee's return to employment.

         (c)      Death. If the Employee dies, this Employment Agreement
(except for the provisions of Sections 5, 8 and 9 hereof) shall terminate, and
thereafter Tufco shall not have any further liability or obligation to the
Employee, his executors, administrators, heirs, assigns or any other person
claiming under or through him except for unpaid Salary and Fringe Benefits
accrued to the date of his death.

         (d)      Cause. Tufco may terminate the Employment Term for "cause"
by giving the Employee 30 days' notice of the termination date, and thereafter
Tufco shall not have any further liability or obligation to the Employee.  For
purposes of this Agreement, "cause" shall mean the failure of the Employee to
observe or perform (other than by reason of illness, injury or incapacity) any
of the material terms or provisions of this Agreement, dishonesty, willful
misconduct, material neglect of Tufco's business, conviction of a felony or
other crime involving moral turpitude, misappropriation of funds or habitual
insobriety.

7.       Termination With Compensation.

         Tufco shall have the right to terminate the Employment Term without  
cause at any time by giving the Employee 30 days' notice of the termination
date. Under such circumstances, Tufco shall continue to pay to the Employee the
Salary then in effect for the remainder of the initial term or any renewal term
then in effect; provided however, that the Employee shall not be entitled to
any compensation under this Section 7 unless the Employee executes and delivers
to Tufco after a notice of termination a release in a form satisfactory to
Tufco by which the Employee releases Tufco from any obligations and liabilities
of any type whatsoever, except for Tufco's obligation to provide the Salary
specified in this Section 7. The parties hereto acknowledge that the Salary to
be provided under this Section 7 is to be provided in consideration for the
above-specified release. Upon any termination under this Section 7, Tufco shall
not have any obligation to the Employee, his executors, administrators, heirs,
assigns or any other person claiming under or through him other than to pay to
the Employee the Salary specified in this Section 7 in exchange for the
above-mentioned release.

8.       Inventions, Designs and Product Developments.

         All inventions, innovations, designs, ideas and product developments
(collectively, the "Developments"), developed or conceived by the Employee,
solely or jointly with others, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, at
any time during the Employment Term and that relate to the actual or planned
business activities of Tufco and all of the Employee's right, title and
interest therein, shall be the exclusive property of Tufco or such subsidiary,
as the case may be. The Employee hereby assigns, transfers and conveys to Tufco
all of his right, title and interest in and to any and all such Developments.
As requested from time to time by the Board, the Employee shall





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5
disclose fully, as soon as practicable and in writing, all Developments to the
Board. At any time and from time to time, upon the request of any of the Board,
the Employee shall execute and deliver to Tufco any and all instruments,
documents and papers, give evidence and do any and all other acts that, in the
opinion of counsel for Tufco, are or may be necessary or desirable to document
such transfer or to enable Tufco to file and prosecute applications for and to
acquire, maintain and enforce any and all patents, trademark registrations or
copyrights under United States or foreign law with respect to any such
Developments or to obtain any extension, validation, reissue, continuance or
renewal of any such patent, trademark or copyright. Tufco will be responsible
for the preparation of any such instruments, documents and papers and for the
prosecution of any such proceedings and will reimburse the Employee for all
reasonable expenses incurred by him in compliance with the provisions of this
Section.

9.       Confidential Information.

         (a)      The Employee has had and will have possession of or access
to confidential information relating to the business of Tufco, including
writings, equipment, processes, drawings, reports, manuals, invention records,
financial information, business plans, customer lists, the identity of or other
facts relating to prospective customers, inventory lists, arrangements with
suppliers and customers, computer programs, or other material embodying trade
secrets, customer or product information or technical or business information
of Tufco. All such information, other than any information that is in the
public domain through no act or omission of the Employee or which he is
authorized to disclose, is referred to collectively as the "Tufco Information."
During and after the Employment Term, the Employee shall not (i) use or exploit
in any manner the Tufco Information for himself or any person, partnership,
association, corporation or other entity other than Tufco, (ii) remove any
Tufco Information, or any reproduction thereof, from the possession or control
of Tufco or (iii) treat Tufco Information otherwise than in a confidential
manner.

         (b)      All Tufco Information developed, created or maintained by
the Employee, alone or with others while employed by Tufco, and all Tufco
Information maintained by the Employee thereafter, shall remain at all times
the exclusive property of Tufco. The Employee shall return to Tufco all Tufco
Information, and reproductions thereof, whether prepared by him or others, that
are in his possession immediately upon request and in any event upon the
completion of his employment by Tufco.

10.      Remedies.

         The Employee expressly acknowledges that the remedy at law for any
breach of Sections 5, 8 or 9 will be inadequate and that upon any such breach
or threatened breach, Tufco shall be entitled as a matter of right to
injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction, in equity or
otherwise, and to enforce the specific performance of the Employee's
obligations under these provisions without the necessity of proving the actual
damage to Tufco or the inadequacy of a legal remedy. The rights conferred upon
Tufco by the preceding sentence shall not be exclusive of, but shall be in
addition to, any other rights or remedies which Tufco may have at law, in
equity or otherwise.





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6
11.      Survival.

         Notwithstanding the termination of the Employment Term
pursuant to Section 6 or 7, the obligations of the Employee under Sections 5, 8
and 9 hereof shall survive and remain in full force and effect and Tufco shall
be entitled to relief against the Employee pursuant to the provisions of
Section 10 hereof.

12.      General.

         (a)      Governing Law. The terms of this Agreement shall be governed
by the laws of the State of Wisconsin.

         (b)      Tufco. For purposes of Sections 5, 7, 8, 9 and 10, the term
"Tufco" shall be deemed to include any incorporated or unincorporated
subsidiaries or affiliates of Tufco.

         (c)      Binding Effect. All of the terms and provisions of this
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit and be enforceable by
the respective heirs, representatives, successors (including any successor as a
result of a merger or similar reorganization) and assigns of the parties
hereto, except that the duties and responsibilities of the Employee hereunder
are of a personal nature and shall not be assignable in whole or in part by the
Employee.

         (d)      Notices. All notices required to be given under this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when
personally delivered or when mailed by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid, return receipt requested, or when sent by Federal Express or other
overnight delivery service, addressed as follows:

         TO EMPLOYEE:
                Mr. Louis LeCalsey, III
                4125 Dollar Lane
                DePere, WI 54115

         TO TUFCO:

                Tufco Technologies, Inc.
                c/o Mr. Greg Wilemon, Chief Financial Officer
                4800 Simonton Road
                Dallas, TX 75244
                
                        and





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7
                  Tufco Technologies, Inc.
                  c/o Mr. Robert J. Simon, Chairman 
                  Bradford Ventures, Ltd.
                  1212 Avenue of the Americas 
                  Suite 1802
                  New York, NY 10036

         (e)      Entire Agreement; Termination of Prior Agreement 
Modification. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be
modified or amended in any way except in writing by the parties hereto.

         (f)      Duration. Notwithstanding the termination of the Employment
Term and of the Employee's relationship with Tufco, this Agreement shall
continue to bind the parties for so long as any obligations remain under this
Agreement, and in particular, the Employee shall continue to be bound by the
terms of Sections 5, 8, 9 and 10.

         (g)      Waiver. No waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall be
construed to be a waiver as to succeeding breaches.

         (h)      Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or  
application thereof to anyone under any circumstances is adjudicated to be
invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions or applications of this
Agreement which can be given effect without the invalid or unenforceable
provision or application and shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such
provision in any other jurisdiction.

         (i)      Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if
the signatures hereto were upon the same instrument.





                                      -7-
<PAGE>   8





         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound,
have hereunto duly executed this Agreement this 8th day of October, 1996.

                                                   TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

ATTEST:

/s/ KATHY MANOS                                    By: /s/ GREG WILEMON
- --------------------                                  --------------------

                                                   Title: CFO/COO
                                                          ----------------

WITNESS:

/s/ KATHY MANOS                                     /s/ LOUIS LECALSEY,III  
- --------------------                               -----------------------
                                                   LOUIS LeCALSEY, III



                                      -8-
<PAGE>   9

                            TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                             3161 South Ridge Road
                              Green Bay, WI 54304

                                        October 8, 1996

Mr. Louis LeCalsey, III
4125 Dollar Lane
DePere, WI 54115

Dear Mr. LeCalsey:


         Pursuant to the 1992 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") of
Tufco Technologies, Inc. (the "Company"), the Board of Directors, as the Plan
Administrator, has granted to you as of the date above an option to purchase
50,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company (the "Stock Option") at the
purchase price of $7.00 per share (the "Option Price") subject to the terms and
conditions set forth below. The Stock Option is being granted to you in your
role as an employee of Tufco Technologies, Inc.

1.       Vesting and Option Price.

                 (a)      The Stock Option shall vest and become exercisable in
accordance with the following table.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
            Number of Shares               Exercisable
            ----------------               -----------
                 <S>                       <C>
                 17,000                    January 1, 1997
                 17,000                    October 1, 1997
                 16,000                    October 1, 1998
</TABLE>

                 (b)      The Stock Option will be exercisable as to each
installment (which becomes exercisable) for a period of five years after the
each vesting date and will not be exercisable after such date, notwithstanding
the extended periods specified in Paragraphs 3, 4 and 5.

         2.      Termination for Cause. The Stock Option may not be exercised
after the date of Termination of Employment if your employment with the Company
has been terminated for cause, such determination to be made by the Plan
Administrator in its sole discretion.

         3.      Death. If there is a Termination of Employment due to your
death while you are an employee of the Company, the Stock Option may be
exercised by your personal representative at any time prior to the expiration
of one year after the date of your death.

         4.      Retirement and Total Disability. If there is a Termination of
Employment by reason of your Retirement or Total Disability, the Stock Option
shall be exercisable at any time
<PAGE>   10
Mr. Louis LeCalsey, III
October 8, 1996
Page 2


prior to the expiration of three months in the case of Retirement and one year
in the case of Total Disability after the date of such Termination of
Employment. If you die during the three months following your Retirement or the
one year following your Total Disability, the Stock Option may be exercised by
your personal representative at any time prior to the expiration of one year
after the date of Termination of Employment.

         5.       Other Termination. If there is a Termination of Employment
for any reason other than those specified in Paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 above, you
may exercise the Stock Option for a 45-day period following the date of
Termination of Employment. If you die during this 45-day period, the Stock
Option may be exercised by your personal representative at any time prior to
the expiration of one year after the date of Termination of Employment.

         6.       Assignment and Transfer. The Stock Option may not be assigned
or transferred and (except as provided in paragraph 7 below) is exercisable
only by you.

         7.       Death. In the event of your death, your personal 
representative shall act on behalf of your estate for all purposes of this
Agreement, and all provisions herein that would impose obligations on or grant 
rights to you on or following your death shall be deemed to apply to your 
personal representative upon your death.

         8.       Payment Method. The Stock Option may be exercised in whole or
in part by tendering a check for the Option Price to the Company, or as
otherwise may be permitted under the Plan, together with a written notice
indicating that the Stock Option is being exercised and the number of shares
being purchased. The Company will then issue to you a certificate for the shares
being purchased by you.

                                   * * * * *

         By execution of this letter, you represent that you will be acquiring
the shares subject to the Stock Option for your own account and you acknowledge
that these shares have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "1933 Act"), and agree that you will not sell, transfer or assign
these shares without an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or
an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Company, that registration under the
1933 Act is not required.

         Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms in this letter
shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan. The Stock Option is subject
to the terms and conditions of the Plan, a copy of which has been given to you
along with this letter.
<PAGE>   11
Mr. Louis LeCalsey, III
October 8, 1996
Page 3

                                    TUFCO TECHNOLOGIES INC.
                                    
                                    By: /s/ ROBERT J. SIMON
                                        -------------------
                                        Robert J. Simon
                                        Chairman
AGREED:


/s/ LOUIS LeCALSEY, III
- -----------------------
LOUIS LeCALSEY, III
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>SUBIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                   Exhibit 21
                            Tufco Technologies, Inc.
                         Subsidiaries of the Registrant
                            As of September 30, 1996


   Subsidiary                                          State of Incorporation
   ----------                                          ----------------------

1. Tufco Industries, Inc.                                    Wisconsin
   3161 South Ridge Road
   Green Bay, WI  54304

2. Executive Converting Corporation                          Delaware
   4750 Simonton
   Dallas, TX  75244

3. Hamco Industries, Inc.                                    Delaware
   P.O. Box 819
   Newton, NC  28658

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>INDEPENDENT AUDITORS REPORT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 23

                     [WIPFLI ULLRICH BERTELSON CPA'S LOGO]

                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

Board of Directors and Stockholders
Tufco Technologies, Inc.
Green Bay Wisconsin

        We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Tufco
Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of September 30, 1995, and the related
consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the
years ended September 30, 1994 and 1995. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

        We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that out audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

        In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Tufco
Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries at September 30, 1995, and the results of
their operations and cash flows for the periods indicated in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.


                                        /s/  WIPFLI ULLRICH BERTELSON
                                        ------------------------------------
                                           Certified Public Accountants

November 9, 1995
Green Bay, Wisconsin




                                      
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          SEP-30-1996
<PERIOD-START>                             OCT-01-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               SEP-30-1996
<CASH>                                         844,615
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                8,360,911
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                  9,556,023
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                            19,590,119
<PP&E>                                      15,746,729
<DEPRECIATION>                                       0
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                              50,038,233
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                        9,037,464
<BONDS>                                              0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                        44,335
<OTHER-SE>                                  28,675,060
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                50,038,233
<SALES>                                     68,373,654
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                            68,373,654
<CGS>                                       56,042,088
<TOTAL-COSTS>                               56,042,088
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                             7,476,629
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                           1,134,489
<INCOME-PRETAX>                              3,766,747
<INCOME-TAX>                                 1,507,230
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                          2,259,517
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                 2,259,517
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                        0
<EPS-DILUTED>                                      .51
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
