-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 HUBac0EvouJmGHZsBB5/+G0zy9FqU0eqe+WClqnvzpg1VX6cFofc4KGw5FFMMGTh
 J79UF2qt7OY5aI8SfokpZQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001095811-01-001983.txt : 20010409
<SEC-HEADER>0001095811-01-001983.hdr.sgml : 20010409
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001095811-01-001983
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20001231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NETWORKS ASSOCIATES INC/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000890801
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				770316593
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20558
		FILM NUMBER:		1589046

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3963 FREEDOM CIRCLE
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4083463832

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3963 FREEDOM CIRCLE
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MCAFEE ASSOCIATES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f69854e10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K PERIOD DECEMBER 31, 2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                            ------------------------

                                   FORM 10-K
                            ------------------------

     [ ]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
        SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                                       OR

     [X]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
        SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

         FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ____________ TO ____________ .

                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 0-20558

                           NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

<TABLE>
<S>                                            <C>
                   DELAWARE                                      77-0316593
           (STATE OF INCORPORATION)                           (I.R.S. EMPLOYER
                                                            IDENTIFICATION NO.)
</TABLE>

                              3965 FREEDOM CIRCLE
                         SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA 95054
                                 (408) 988-3832
  (ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, AND TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE, OF
                   REGISTRANT'S PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)

        SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: NONE

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
                          COMMON STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE

     Indicate by check mark whether registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.  Yes [X]  No [ ]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.  [ ]

     The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of
the issuer as of December 31, 2000 was approximately $559,277,366. The number of
shares outstanding of the issuer's common stock as of December 31, 2000 was
138,089,775.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

     Items 10, 11, 12, and 13 of Part III are incorporated by reference from the
Registrant's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held
May 24, 2001.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>   2

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

     Some of the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are
forward-looking statements, including but not limited to those specifically
identified as such, that involve risks and uncertainties. The statements
contained in the Report on Form 10-K that are not purely historical are forward
looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and
Section 21E of the Exchange Act, including without limitation statements
regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the
future. All forward looking statements included in this Report on Form 10-K are
based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no
obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. These statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may
cause our actual results to differ materially from those implied by the
forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as "may," "will," "should," "expects," "plans,"
"anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," or "continue"
or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Although we
believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements. Moreover, neither any other person nor we assumes
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of such statements. Important
factors that may cause actual results to differ from expectations include those
discussed in "Risk Factors" beginning on page 12 in this document.

     Networks Associates, Inc. was formed in December 1997, by the combination
of McAfee Associates, Inc. and Network General Corporation. Following the
combination, McAfee changed its legal name to Networks Associates, Inc. Since
then, we have acquired over 10 companies and in 1999 we publicly sold Class A
common stock of one of our subsidiaries as part of that subsidiary's initial
public offering.

OVERVIEW

     We are a leading supplier of security and availability solutions for
e-business. Our products focus on two important areas of e-business: network
security and network management. In the network security and network management
arenas, the majority of our revenue has historically been derived from our
McAfee anti-virus product group and our Sniffer network availability and
performance management product group, respectively. These two flagship product
groups form the customer base and product base from which the balance of our
product line has developed.

     In recent years, we have focused our efforts on building a full line of
complementary network security and network management solutions. On the network
security side, we strengthened our anti-virus lineup by adding complementary
products in the firewall, intrusion protection, encryption, and virtual private
networking categories. On the network management side, we built upon our Sniffer
line by adding products in the help desk, asset management, network monitoring,
and network reporting categories. We continuously seek to expand our product
lines. In order to more effectively market our products, we have combined
complementary products into separate product groups, as follows:

     - McAfee, which primarily markets the McAfee Active Virus Defense (AVD)
       product group;

     - Sniffer Technologies, which primarily markets the Sniffer Total Network
       Visibility (TNV) product group;

     - PGP Security, which primarily markets the PGP Total Network Security
       (TNS) product group; and

     - Magic Solutions, which primarily markets the Magic Total Support Desk
       (TSD) product group.

     The four product groups represent our infrastructure segment. The
reorganization around our product groups is designed to allow us to, among other
things, react faster to customers' changing needs and better specialize our
sales force so they know our products and their markets in greater depth. In
addition, although specialization between security (anti-virus and security
product lines) and manageability (availability and

                                        1
<PAGE>   3

service desk product lines) previously existed, with the reorganization we seek
to better differentiate anti-virus from security and availability from service
desk.

     For the twelve months ended December 31, 2000, our infrastructure segment
accounted for approximately $691.1 million in net revenue and a net loss of
$50.4 million.

     In addition to our product groups, we also have two subsidiaries that are
applications service providers, or ASPs. McAfee.com, our publicly traded
subsidiary, is a consumer applications service provider. myCIO.com, a wholly
owned subsidiary, is an infrastructure ASP targeted at business uers.

     For the twelve months ended December 31, 2000, McAfee.com accounted for
approximately $46.9 million in net revenue and a net loss of $27.5 million. For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2000, myCIO.com accounted for approximately
$7.7 million in net revenue and a net loss of $24.9 million.

MCAFEE

     McAfee's products and services provide solutions designed to enforce
anti-virus policies and measure the performance of anti-virus activities. The
McAfee product group consists of products and services that provide multi-layer
anti-virus protection, management and reporting for desktops, servers,
GroupWare, internet technologies, and wireless technologies. McAfee's anti-virus
protection products include VirusScan for desktop protection, NetShield for file
server protection, GroupShield for GroupWare protection, WebShield for internet
gateway protection, and VirusScan Wireless for wireless technology protection.
McAfee's anti-virus management and reporting products include Anti-Virus
Informant and ePolicy Orchestrator, an anti-virus management and reporting tool
designed specifically for the internet. McAfee's services are provided by
McAfee's Anti-Virus Emergency Response Team (AVERT). AVERT augments McAfee's
product offerings by identifying new viruses and deploying anti-virus solutions
to our customers. McAfee customers are primarily corporate customers, including
customers in the managed service market (includes Application Service Providers,
ASPs, and Managed Service Providers, MSPs.)

SNIFFER TECHNOLOGIES

     Sniffer Technologies' products and services provide customers with network
and application management solutions designed to maximize network availability
and performance. Sniffer Technologies' products capture data, monitor network
traffic and collect key network statistics for small networks as well as
optimizing network and application performance and increasing network
reliability by uncovering and analyzing network problems and recommending
solutions to such problems, automatically and in real-time for mid-level and
high-speed networks. In addition, Sniffer Technologies' products proactively
monitor and diagnose network and application-level problems on complex,
multi-segment networks from centralized locations as well as troubleshooting
high-speed telecommunications and Internet service provider networks. The
Sniffer Technologies product group consists of the Sniffer Portable Analysis
Line, the Sniffer Distributed Analysis Line, the Sniffer Reporter Line and
Sniffer Pro for Packet over SONET. Sniffer Technologies' service offerings
consist primarily of network and application management education and consulting
services. Sniffer Technologies' customers are primarily corporate customers,
including customers in the managed service market (MSPs and ASPs.)

PGP SECURITY

     PGP Security's products help organizations worldwide secure their networks
using firewall, encryption, intrusion detection, risk assessment and Virtual
Private Network (VPN) technologies. PGP Security's products include E-Business
Server, Gauntlet Firewall, CyberCop Scanner and e-ppliance. E-Business Server
provides an encryption and data authentication solution designed to protect the
integrity and security of the customers' data using self-decrypting archives for
a wide range of server platforms and integrates with our customers' existing
network architectures. Gauntlet Firewall delivers integrated anti-virus
protection, a built-in standards-based VPN server, and spam and content
filtering to assure broad protection. CyberCop Scanning tools deliver risk
assessment solutions that continually scan networks for weak spots, enabling
network administrators to prevent security breaches before they occur. PGP's
e-ppliance, a web-based
                                        2
<PAGE>   4

configuration tool, deploys the latest firewall technologies and continually
administers anti-virus protection. PGP Security's security consulting and
support services are provided by its COVERT Labs which identifies and works to
resolve serious customer vulnerabilities before attackers are able to exploit
them. PGP Security's customers include individuals, government agencies,
financial institutions, and corporations, including e-businesses.

MAGIC SOLUTIONS

     Magic Solutions' products provide customers with a set of tools to manage
their customer support and problem management needs. Magic Solutions' product
group consists of products that promote information sharing, facilitate
workflow, and improve service delivery. Magic Solutions' products include the
Magic Total Service Desk Suite, a 100% browser based service desk and problem
management solution. The Magic Total Service Desk Suite includes customization
features (Database, User Interface and Business Rules). In addition, Magic
Solutions' stand-alone products include Magic HelpDesk, SelfServiceDesk, Remote
Desktop and Event Management. Magic Solutions' customers are primarily
corporations.

MCAFEE.COM

     Effective January 1, 1999, we contributed our consumer e-commerce business
to our then wholly owned subsidiary, McAfee.com. In December 1999, McAfee.com
completed its initial public offering in which it sold to the public
approximately 7.2 million shares of its Class A common stock, entitled to one
vote per share. As of December 31, 2000, we owned 36,000,000 shares of
McAfee.com Class B common stock, entitled to three votes per share and
representing approximately 81% of McAfee.com's outstanding common stock and 93%
of its total voting power.

     McAfee.com's products and services provide customers with an on-line
systems security solution. McAfee.com is a security Application Service Provider
(ASP) that delivers security applications software and related services through
an Internet browser. The McAfee.com applications allow consumers to detect and
eliminate viruses on their PCs, repair their PCs from damage caused by viruses,
optimize their hard drives and update their PCs' virus protection system with
current software patches and upgrades. The McAfee.com web site provides the
online products and services personalized for consumers based on their PC
configurations, software and attached peripherals. McAfee.com's offerings
include McAfee Clinic to scan their PC's for viruses, protect their data, clean
and optimize their hard drives and update applications and operating systems.
Additionally, McAfee.com offers customers access to McAfee.com Personal
Firewall, McAfee.com Wireless Security Center and McAfee.com Internet Privacy
Service.

     In November 2000, McAfee.com expanded its home page and offerings to
include, on a preview basis, its .NET initiative, a managed application service
for small to medium sized businesses. Services available to these businesses on
a preview basis through April 2001, include:

     - Security.NET -- up-to-date anti-virus and firewall security at work,
       home, and on the road -- all via the Internet;

     - HelpDesk.NET -- self-help tutorials, file management, and PC maintenance
       services on a 24x7 basis;

     - Productivity.NET -- anytime, anyplace computing with Microsoft Office
       compatible applications.

     In addition, McAfee.com has developed strategic relationships with original
equipment manufacturers and suppliers and other software companies, to
incorporate McAfee.com technology into hardware and other software applications.
McAfee.com's customers include individuals and corporations.

     Our existing license agreement with McAfee.com currently restricts
McAfee.com's business to offering products and services incorporating our
technology to consumers over the Internet. However, we are in the process of
negotiating arrangements which would allow McAfee.com to offer its .NET
initiative to small to medium sized businesses over the Internet. We may not
reach agreement to terms acceptable to both parties or at all.

                                        3
<PAGE>   5

MYCIO.COM

     In January 2000, we launched myCIO.com, a wholly owned subsidiary, as an
infrastructure ASP targeted at business users. myCIO.com delivers managed
security services hosted on our servers, or certain intermediaries' servers, to
businesses via the Internet or to OEMs. myCIO.com's services are designed to be
simple and cost-effective as well as more rapidly deployable than if the
customer were to internally install network security applications. myCIO.com's
services include Virus Scan ASaP, CyberCop ASaP, Firewall ASaP, VirusScreen ASaP
and VPN ASaP.

     In February 2001, we announced our plan to reintegrate myCIO.com's
operations with our own, while continuing to offer myCIO.com's products and
services as key offerings. Going forward, myCIO.com will no longer constitute a
separate business segment.

PROFESSIONAL SERVICES & TECHNICAL SUPPORT

     As our products and computer networks become more complex, customers
increasingly require greater professional assistance in the design,
installation, configuration and implementation of their networks and acquired
products. To meet these evolving customer needs, we have established
Professional Services and Technical Support. Professional Services is focused on
two service segments: Consulting Services and Education Services. Technical
Support consists primarily of one program called PrimeSupport.

     Consulting Services supports product integrations and deployment with an
array of standardized and custom offerings. Consulting Services also offers
other services ranging from proactive and emergency troubleshooting to network
design, planning and simulation. We supplement our Consulting Service
capabilities through the use of outside professional service providers,
including our distributors, resellers and system integrators. In conjunction
with our recent reorganization to establish product groups, we reorganized our
U.S. Consulting Services organization, in part, to enable the service providers
to become more specialized on individual products and product lines.

     Education Services represents the combined training organizations of
Sniffer University, TIS University, McAfee University, and Magic University.
Together, these training organizations offer customers an extensive curriculum
of computer network technology courses, including protocol analysis and
troubleshooting, security, help-desk and network management tools. Education
Services provides public classes and customized on-site training at customer
locations.

     The PrimeSupport program provides our customers online and telephone-based
technical support in an effort to ensure that our products are installed and
working properly. To meet customers' varying needs, PrimeSupport offers a choice
of the online KnowledgeCenter or the telephone-based Connect, Priority and
Enterprise. PrimeSupport is available to all customers on a worldwide basis from
a nearby global support center.

     - PrimeSupport KnowledgeCenter -- Consists of a searchable, intelligent
       knowledge base of technical solutions and links to a variety of technical
       documents such as product FAQ's and technical notes. The KnowledgeCenter
       also allows users to submit questions by email if their answer is not
       found in the KnowledgeCenter's technical resources.

     - PrimeSupport Connect -- Provides toll-free telephone access to technical
       support during regular business hours and access to the online
       KnowledgeCenter.

     - PrimeSupport Priority -- Provides support for critical operations with
       priority, unlimited, toll-free telephone access to technical support 24
       hours a day, 7 days a week and access to the online KnowledgeCenter.

     - PrimeSupport Enterprise -- Offers proactive, personalized service for the
       most business critical operations and includes an assigned technical
       support engineer from our elite Enterprise support team; proactive
       support contact (telephone or email) with customer-defined frequency; and
       election of five designated customer contacts, and access to the online
       KnowledgeCenter.

                                        4
<PAGE>   6

PRODUCT LICENSING MODEL

     Our product licensing model consists of one-year subscription licenses,
two-year subscription licenses and perpetual licenses. We typically license our
products to corporate and government customers on a subscription basis, for a
period of one year or two years or on a perpetual basis. We believe that the
subscription license that includes related maintenance offers several benefits
to our customers. Under the subscription licensing model, for one initial fee,
the customer receives the software and maintenance, which gives the customer the
right to receive all upgrades, updates and technical support for the
subscription period. Since we are able to distribute our products and upgrades
at a lower cost than companies using traditional distribution methods, we also
have the ability to offer upgrades and updates and address user feature
requirements on a more regular basis. In addition, our one-year and two-year
licensing models create the opportunity for recurring revenue for us through the
renewal of existing licenses. By offering one-year or two-year licenses as
opposed to traditional perpetual licenses, we are able to meet a lower initial
cost threshold for customers with annual budgetary constraints. The renewal
process also provides an opportunity to cross-sell new products and product
lines to existing customers. Since we typically license our products on a per
user basis, at the time of renewal we have the potential to increase the number
of users licensed at existing sites and to expand our licenses to new sites in
an organization. However, we may be unable to sustain current renewal rates in
the future. We also provide single user and corporate user licenses for our
products under traditional perpetual licenses with product updates, upgrades and
support available to customers under separate maintenance contracts.

     In 2001, we will introduce two-year subscription licenses that include only
one year of maintenance. During the first year of the two-year subscription
license, the customer has the option to purchase the second year of maintenance
at a fixed price. As the software licenses or maintenance contracts near
expiration, we contact customers to renew their licenses or maintenance
contracts, as applicable. We believe that the two-year subscription license that
includes the related first year of maintenance offers several benefits to our
customers. For one initial fee, the customer receives the software and all
upgrades, updates and technical support for the first year. Going forward, we
believe that providing the customer the option to purchase the second year of
maintenance provides the customer greater flexibility in selecting the
appropriate level of maintenance support.

HOSTED APPLICATIONS SUBSCRIPTION MODEL

     For our ASP or hosted products and services customers who "rent versus buy"
the software, McAfee.com and myCIO.com have a related subscription model. Paid
McAfee Clinic and myCIO.com subscribers receive a time-based subscription to the
service. Because our ASP services are "version-less," or self updating,
customers using our hosted services are assured of using the most recent version
of the software application, eliminating the need for purchase product updates
or upgrades.

SALES AND MARKETING

     To augment and capitalize upon our marketing efforts, our sales and
marketing efforts are directed primarily at large corporate and government
customers, as well as to resellers, distributors and system integrators
worldwide through the channels listed below.

NORTH AMERICAN DIRECT SALES

     Our North American direct sales force, constituting the majority of our
sales force, is organized by product group, with four separately focused sales
organizations selling by product group. Each of these sales organizations
consists of field sales representatives who are located regionally and outbound
telesales representatives who actively market our individual product groups,
focusing on small customers and transactions. Our corporate telesales
representatives also respond to prospective customers who contact us as a result
of a particular marketing program or after electronically evaluating one of our
products. To augment our sales organization, our executives are involved with
sales to many major accounts.

     All of our North American sales representatives are responsible for
developing new business as well as the renewal of our existing licenses. Prior
to expiration of a license, a sales representative contacts the customer
                                        5
<PAGE>   7

and encourages the customer to renew the expiring license and determines if the
number of computers licensed needs adjustment and, additionally, markets new
products and product groups to this existing customer.

INTERNATIONAL SALES

     We have sales and support operations in Europe, Asia, South America and
Australia. In 2000, international revenues accounted for approximately 37% of
our net revenues. We expect that international revenues will continue to account
for a significant percentage of net revenues.

     In 2001, we intend to organize our international direct sales force by our
four product groups when and where local demand and sales force considerations
make this action advisable.

RESELLERS AND DISTRIBUTORS

     To complement our direct sales efforts, we market many of our products
through corporate resellers and distributors, and indirectly through retailers.
We currently utilize corporate resellers, including Software Spectrum, ASAP
Software, Softmart, Corporate Software & Technology and Software House
International, which focus primarily on selling site licenses for our software
to corporate customers.

     Independent software distributors who currently market our products include
Ingram Micro, Merisel America, and Tech Data. These distributors stock our
products in inventory for redistribution primarily to large retailers, value
added resellers, or VARs, and mail order companies. Through our authorized
distributors, we sell our retail packaged products to several of the larger
computer and software retailers in the United States, including Comp USA, Fry's,
Staples, Best Buy, Office Max and Office Depot. Several members of our channel
sales force work closely with our major reseller and distributor accounts to
manage orders, inventory levels, promotions and selling activities.

     Our independent software distributors are permitted stock balancing and
stock rotation rights. We often rely on resellers and distributors, including
retail outlets, to market and support our products. Our agreements with our
distributors are not exclusive and may be terminated by either party without
cause. Terminated distributors may not continue to represent our products.

     In December 2000, in light of the business decision by some of our
distributors, including our largest distributor, to reduce inventory levels and
due to the unpredictability of demand in the distribution channel, we began a
transition from a sell-in to a sell-through business model. Subject to certain
limitations, we agreed to accept requests from certain distributors to return
inventory over and above permitted contractual levels. Under our new business
model we will enter into amended distribution arrangements under which we will
permit our distributors to purchase software licenses at the same time they fill
customer orders and to pay for hardware and retail products only when these
products are resold to the distributors' customers. In addition, we will permit
our distributors to make hardware and retail product returns at any time prior
to the time they sell these products to their customers. This right of return
will be unconditional. After sale by the distributor to its customer, there will
be no right of return from the distributor to us with respect to such product,
unless we approve the return from the final customer to the distributor.
Accordingly, due to this change in business practice, commencing on January 1,
2001, we will recognize revenue on products when products are sold through by
the distributor. We expect the transition to a sell-through model will be
completed in the first quarter of 2001.

ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT MANUFACTURERS

     Original Equipment Manufacturers, or OEMs, license our products and bundle
them with PC hardware or software. OEMs typically sublicense a single version of
our products to end users who must contact us in order to receive their updates.
We typically receive a per-copy royalty from our OEMs.

                                        6
<PAGE>   8

OTHER MARKETING ACTIVITIES

     Our principal means of marketing our products and services is through the
Internet. In addition to the NAI.com website, each of our product groups and
McAfee.com have their own individual websites. Not only do each of these
websites contain various marketing materials and information about our products,
but website visitors may download and purchase products or obtain free trials of
our products or trial subscriptions for hosted products and services. We also
promote our products and services through advertising activities in trade
publications and direct mail campaigns and strategic arrangements. We also
attend trade shows, sponsor conferences and publish a quarterly newsletter,
which is mailed to existing and prospective customers.

CUSTOMERS

     We primarily market our products to large corporate and government
customers directly through our direct sales organization and indirectly through
resellers and distributors. In terms of number of products available for sale, a
majority of our products are distributed indirectly through resellers and
distributors. In the U.S., substantially all our indirect sales are through four
major distributors. In Europe, substantially all indirect sales are made through
five major distributors. During 2000, one customer, Ingram Micro, accounted for
approximately 20% of our net revenue. See Note 14 of Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements for major customer information.

     We primarily market our products directly to individual consumers through
online distribution channels and indirectly through traditional distribution
channels, such as retail stores. McAfee.com is responsible for online
distribution of our products sold to individual consumers over the Internet or
for Internet-based products and for the licensing of technology to original
equipment manufacturers for sale to individual consumers.

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND ACQUISITION

     We believe that our ability to maintain our competitiveness will depend in
large part upon our ability to enhance existing products, develop and acquire
new products and develop and integrate acquired products. The market for
computer software includes low barriers to entry, rapid technological change,
and is highly competitive with respect to timely product introductions. Product
enhancements or new products may not be developed or acquired on a timely basis
or at all. As part of our growth strategy, we have made and expect to continue
to make investments in complementary businesses, products and technologies.

     In addition to developing new products, our internal development staff is
also focused on developing updates to existing products and modifying and
enhancing any acquired products. Future upgrades and updates may include
additional functionality, respond to user problems or address compatibility
problems with changing operating systems and environments. We believe that our
ability to provide these upgrades and updates frequently and at low cost is key
to our success. For example, the proliferation of new and changing viruses makes
it imperative to update anti-virus products frequently to avoid obsolescence.
Failure to release upgrades and updates could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may not be
successful in these efforts. In addition, future changes in Windows 98, Windows
NT, NetWare or other popular operating systems could cause compatibility
problems with our products. Further, delays in the introduction of future
versions of operating systems or lack of market acceptance of these future
versions would delay or reduce demand for our future products which were
designed to operate with these future operating systems. Our failure to
introduce in a timely manner new products that are compatible with operating
systems and environments preferred by desktop computer users would have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

     Excluding stock-based compensation charges, we expended $171.6 million,
$148.2 million and $135.5 million in the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999,
and 1998, respectively, on research and development.

                                        7
<PAGE>   9

MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLIERS

     Our manufacturing operations consist primarily of assembly, testing and
quality control of materials, components, subassemblies and systems for our
Sniffer-based and E-ppliance products. We use third-party manufacturers for
these manufacturing operations. Reliance on third-party manufacturers involves a
number of risks, including the lack of control over the manufacturing process
and the absence or unavailability of adequate capacity.

     We have developed software-only versions of some of our Sniffer products.
Purchasers of these Sniffer software products are required to already own, or
purchase directly from the manufacturer or other vendors, the necessary hardware
products, such as computer platforms and components. Customers may require that
we continue to provide the necessary hardware products.

COMPETITION

     The markets for our products are intensely competitive and we expect
competition to increase in the near-term. We believe that the principal
competitive factors affecting the markets for our products include:

     - performance;

     - functionality;

     - quality;

     - customer support;

     - breadth of product group;

     - frequency of upgrades and updates;

     - integration of products;

     - manageability of products;

     - brand name recognition;

     - reputation; and

     - price.

     We may be unable to compete effectively against existing and potential
competitors. Some of our competitors have longer operating histories, greater
name recognition, larger technical staffs, established relationships with
hardware vendors and/or greater financial, technical and marketing resources. As
is the case in many segments of the software industry, we have been
encountering, and we expect to further encounter, increasing competition. This
increased competition could reduce average selling prices and, therefore, profit
margins. Competitive pressures could result not only in price reductions but
also in a decline in sales volume.

     Performance and quality of our anti-virus software products are measured by
number and type of viruses detected, the speed at which the products run and
ease of use. Our principal competitor in the anti-virus market serviced by our
McAfee product group and McAfee.com is the Peter Norton Group of Symantec. Trend
Micro remains the strongest competitor in the Asian anti-virus market. Other
competitors include numerous smaller companies and shareware authors that may in
the future develop into stronger competitors or be consolidated into larger
competitors.

     Our principal competitors in the security market vary by product type. For
firewalls, our principal competitors include CheckPoint, Symantec, and larger
companies such as Cisco Systems and Microsoft. For intrusion detection products,
we compete with ISS, Symantec and Cisco. The markets for encryption and virtual
private network, or VPN, products are highly fragmented with numerous small and
large vendors. Public key infrastructure, or PKI, encryption vendors such as
Entrust Technologies offer some products that compete with our PGP products. VPN
competitors include hardware and software vendors, including telecommunications
companies and traditional networking suppliers.

                                        8
<PAGE>   10

     Our principal competitor in the network management market is Agilent. Other
competitors include Cisco, Computer Associates, Compuware, Concord
Communications, DeskTalk Systems, GN Nettest, Network Instruments, Radcom
Technologies, Shomiti Systems and Acterna Corporation.

     Our principal competitors in the help desk market are Computer Associates,
FrontRange Solutions, Peregrine and Remedy.

     We also face competition from large software companies such as Microsoft,
Intel, Novell and HP, which may offer network security and management products
as enhancements to their operating system.

     Finally, as the network management market develops, we may face increased
competition from a number of large companies, as well as other companies seeking
to enter the market. The trend toward enterprise-wide network management and
security solutions may result in a consolidation of the network management and
security market around a smaller number of companies who are able to provide the
necessary software and support capabilities.

PROPRIETARY TECHNOLOGY

     Our success depends significantly upon proprietary software technology. We
rely on a combination of contractual rights, trademarks, trade secrets and
copyrights to establish and protect proprietary rights to our software. However,
these protections may be inadequate or competitors may independently develop
technologies or products that are substantially equivalent or superior to our
products. We do not typically obtain signed license agreements from our
corporate, government and institutional customers who license products directly
from us. Rather we include an electronic version of a "shrink-wrap" license in
all of our electronically distributed software and a printed license in the box
for our products distributed through traditional distributors in order to
protect our copyrights and trade secrets in those products. Since none of these
licenses are signed by the licensee, many legal authorities believe that such
licenses may not be enforceable under the laws of many states and foreign
jurisdictions. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries either do not
protect these rights at all or offer only limited protection for these rights.
The steps taken by us to protect our proprietary software technology may be
inadequate to deter misuse or theft of this technology. For example, we are
aware that a substantial number of users of our anti-virus products have not
paid any registration or license fees to us. Changing legal interpretations of
liability for unauthorized use of our software, or lessened sensitivity by
corporate, government or institutional users to avoiding infringement of
intellectual property, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition.

NETWORK ASSOCIATES/MCAFEE.COM INTERCOMPANY AGREEMENTS

     For the purposes of defining our ongoing relationship with McAfee.com, our
publicly traded subsidiary, we have entered into a number of ongoing agreements.
These agreements are filed as exhibits to the public disclosure documents that
we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are described briefly
below. The description is subject in all respects to the terms of the actual
agreements.

  License Agreement: Under the terms of this agreement:

     Licensed Technology. Network Associates and McAfee.com granted to each
other limited rights to each others' patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade
secrets for use in defined markets. Network Associates has worldwide,
non-exclusive rights to McAfee.com's patents and exclusive rights to use
copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets to deliver products and services to
enterprise customers and individual consumers by any means other than the
Internet. Under the agreement, McAfee.com is granted worldwide, non-exclusive
rights to Network Associates' patents and exclusive rights to use Network
Associates' copyright, trademark and trade secret rights to create and deliver
products and services directly or indirectly to individual consumers over the
Internet or for Internet-based products. Each party is also permitted to create
products derived from the technology licensed to it by the other. The creating
party retains ownership of their newly derived products but these derived
products are licensed to the other party subject to the terms of the license
agreement.

                                        9
<PAGE>   11

     Royalty Payments. In consideration for the rights granted under the license
agreement, Network Associates is required to pay McAfee.com a flat quarterly
royalty of $250,000. In consideration for the rights granted by Network
Associates to McAfee.com under the license agreement, McAfee.com is required to
pay Network Associates a royalty on revenues recognized from product and
subscription sales that include Network Associates' technology, initially at a
rate of 20% commencing on January 1, 1999, and declining 1.625% per quarter
until the rate is 7% in the quarter beginning January 1, 2001, and remaining at
7% thereafter.

     Limitations on Offered Products. During the term of the agreement, each
party has agreed that it will not offer products incorporating third-party
technology if those products are competitive with the products offered by the
other party.

     Indemnification. Under the agreement, each party has agreed to indemnify,
defend and hold harmless the other for any losses incurred in connection with
claims arising in the covered countries if the technology licensed under the
agreement violates the patent, copyright, trademark or trade secrets or other
proprietary rights of a third party. Covered countries are those countries that
are party to the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic
Works, which include the U.S. and substantially all U.N. member nations.

     Term and Termination. The license agreement will remain in effect
indefinitely, but may be terminated, among other circumstances, by the
non-defaulting party, in the event of a material breach by the other party that
remains uncured for 30 days following notice of the breach, subject to mandatory
dispute resolution prior to the effectiveness of any proposed termination.

     We are currently negotiating an arrangement with McAfee.com so that it may
offer its .NET initiative to small to medium sized businesses over the Internet.
However, we may not reach agreement on terms acceptable to both parties or at
all.

     Services Agreement: Under this agreement, Network Associates provides
services relating to tax, insurance, employee benefits and administration,
corporate record keeping and information technology. For these services, Network
Associates charges a portion of the cost of our provision of the services to
McAfee.com, including all related expenses, which is allocated based on
headcount, plus a ten percent mark-up. In addition, Network Associates may
provide additional services, including legal and accounting services, from
time-to-time in the future. The services agreement may be terminated either by
McAfee.com on 30 days notice or by Network Associates when it ceases to own a
majority of the outstanding voting stock of McAfee.com.

     Registration Rights Agreement: Under this agreement, Network Associates, or
any transferee of at least 10% of its McAfee.com shares, can include its shares
of McAfee.com common stock in any future registration of common stock made by
McAfee.com, other than any registration statement relating to an acquisition or
stock option plan. In addition, after June 1, 2000, Network Associates or any
transferees of at least 10% of its McAfee.com shares can request that McAfee.com
file a registration statement so it can publicly sell its shares of McAfee.com
stock.

     Joint Cooperation Agreement: The joint cooperation and master services
agreement with McAfee.com governs the provision of technology services among the
parties. Under this agreement, the Network Associates' anti-virus emergency
response team, known as AVERT, will provide McAfee.com with research and
solutions for virus events. The agreement also contains standard terms and
conditions governing the provision of technology services from one party to the
other under statements of work that may be negotiated from time to time. We pay
McAfee.com a fee for these services in an amount equal to 10% of McAfee.com's
total quarterly technology costs plus a 10% service charge.

     Tax Sharing Agreement: Under this agreement, McAfee.com pays federal, state
and local income tax liability amounts to Network Associates, determined on a
pro forma basis, as if McAfee.com filed its own separate income tax returns for
each year. Network Associates will not reimburse McAfee.com for McAfee.com's or
any other group member's use of their net operating loss or other tax benefits
in any consolidated or combined return. However, McAfee.com will be able, during
the term of the agreement, to

                                        10
<PAGE>   12

take into account its past and future net operating loss and other tax
attributes for purposes of computing its hypothetical separate income tax return
liability payment to, or refund from, Network Associates.

     The tax sharing agreement will terminate if McAfee.com is no longer
eligible to join Network Associates in the filing of a consolidated federal
income tax return. In the event of such termination, any net operating losses or
other carryforward amounts would not be available to McAfee.com upon departure
from the group. Under the agreement, McAfee.com will not be reimbursed for any
such loss of tax benefits.

     Indemnification and Voting Agreement: Under this agreement, except as
contemplated below, Network Associates will indemnify and defend McAfee.com
harmless for all losses related to any third party claims relating to events or
circumstances arising out of any action or inaction of Network Associates,
including its subsidiaries and officers and directors, on or prior to December
2, 1999, the date on which McAfee.com completed its initial public offering.
Matters for which Network Associates is not obligated to indemnify McAfee.com
include:

     - any obligations assumed by McAfee.com, or payments required to be made by
       McAfee.com, under its agreements with Network Associates;

     - any losses resulting from third party claims that are related to
       intellectual property developed by McAfee.com between August 20, 1999 and
       December 2, 2000;

     - any obligations incurred by McAfee.com in the ordinary course of
       business;

     - any losses resulting from third parties claims made against McAfee.com
       alleging infringement of intellectual property rights unknown as of the
       closing of McAfee.com's initial public offering; and

     - any losses resulting from third parties claims related to or arising from
       a material misstatement contained in or material omission from the
       prospectus or the registration statement for McAfee.com's initial public
       offering.

     As a result of the above indemnification, we are, for example, required to
hold McAfee.com harmless from our existing litigation related to the anti-virus
technology licensed under the cross license agreement. In the event of a claim
relating to a product that includes components supplied by McAfee.com and
components supplied by us, Network Associates has the right to determine whether
and to what extent McAfee.com is entitled to indemnification, after reasonable
consultation with McAfee.com.

     For so long as we own at least 20% of McAfee.com's outstanding voting
power, we must vote our shares of McAfee.com's capital stock in favor of the
election of two independent directors. Additionally, if, as described below
under the stockholders agreement, there is a Network Associates' change of
control which is not approved by the continuing Network Associates directors, we
have agreed to vote to elect a majority of independent directors to McAfee.com's
board.

     Stockholders Agreement: Under this agreement, we have agreed that if (1)
without the prior approval of the Network Associates continuing directors, as
defined below, any person acquires or agrees to acquire 15% or more of our
outstanding common stock or (2) the Network Associates continuing directors
cease to constitute a majority of serving directors, then for so long but only
for so long as that condition exists:

     - our shares of McAfee.com Class B common stock are entitled to only one
       vote per share instead of three votes per share; and

     - we are obligated to vote our McAfee.com shares to cause, and to take such
       actions reasonably within our control to cause, and to seek to cause the
       McAfee.com directors appointed by us to cause, McAfee.com's board of
       directors to consist of at least a majority of independent directors.

Network Associates continuing directors will consist of our current directors
and any subsequent directors approved or not objected to by a majority of our
then-continuing directors.

                                        11
<PAGE>   13

EMPLOYEES

     As of December 31, 2000, we employed 3,461 individuals worldwide.
Competition for qualified management and technical personnel is intense in the
software industry. Our continued success will depend in part upon our ability to
attract and retain qualified personnel. None of our employees is represented by
a labor union and we believe that our employee relations are good.

                                  RISK FACTORS

     Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. The risks
described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks not
presently known to us or that we deem immaterial may also impair our business
operations. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our
business, operating results and financial condition and could result in a
complete loss of your investment.

OUR QUARTERLY FINANCIAL RESULTS WILL LIKELY FLUCTUATE

     Our quarterly operating results have varied greatly in the past and will
likely vary greatly in the future depending upon a number of factors. Many of
these factors are beyond our control. Our revenues, gross margins and operating
results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter due to, among other
things:

     - volume, size and timing of new licenses and renewals of existing
       licenses;

     - our ability to timely and accurately obtain end-user sales information
       and information related to inventory levels from our distributors;

     - introduction of new products, product upgrades or updates by us or our
       competitors;

     - the mix of products we sell;

     - the size and timing of our non-cash stock-based charges;

     - changes in product prices by us or our competitors;

     - trends in the computer industry and general economic conditions;

     - our ability to develop, market and sell our products;

     - costs related to acquisitions of technology or businesses;

     - fluctuations in McAfee.com's expenditure levels related to its efforts to
       build brand awareness and establish strategic relationships with various
       Internet companies;

     - fluctuations in our expenditure levels related to our efforts to expand
       our international sales organization;

     - our investment experience related to our strategic minority equity
       investments;

     - the percentage of our revenue, particularly that portion attributable to
       our ASP subscription model, that is deferred;

     - the effectiveness of our channel strategy and our mix of direct and
       indirect revenues;

     - pressure on employee wages as competition for skilled employees
       increases; and

     - costs related to extraordinary events including litigation, acquisitions
       or any reductions in forces.

     Our business is impacted by seasonal trends and global or regional
macroeconomic trends. For example, our net revenue is typically higher in the
fourth quarter, as many customers complete annual budgetary cycles, and lower in
the summer months when many businesses experience lower sales, particularly in
the European market. Our European business has been adversely impacted in recent
periods primarily because of the continued weakness of the Euro against the
dollar. For some time, our business in Asia and Latin America has

                                        12
<PAGE>   14

been adversely impacted by the adverse economic conditions there. Most recently,
our business in the U.S. and elsewhere has been adversely impacted by customer
concerns about weakening economic conditions.

     We have not been profitable for the last two years. In addition to risks we
face in operating our business, continued economic weakness in the U.S. and
other countries could slow or prevent our efforts to successfully expand
internationally and regain profitability.

THE TIMING AND AMOUNT OF OUR REVENUES ARE SUBJECT TO A NUMBER OF FACTORS THAT
MAKE IT DIFFICULT TO ESTIMATE OPERATING RESULTS PRIOR TO THE END OF A QUARTER

     We do not maintain a significant level of backlog. As a result, product and
service revenues in any quarter are dependent on contracts entered into, product
shipped and services rendered in that quarter. Historically, we have experienced
a trend toward higher order receipt, and therefore a higher percentage of
revenue shipments, toward the end of the last month of a quarter. This trend
makes predicting revenues more difficult. In the past, distributors made
significant purchases at the end of each quarter. We anticipate that our change
to a sell-through revenue model for sales to distributors, where we recognize
revenue on product sales to distributors, when the related product is sold by
our distributors to their customers, will lead to orders being received and
shipped more evenly during each quarter. The timing of closing larger orders
sold directly to end-users of our products increases the risk of
quarter-to-quarter fluctuation. In addition, as we transition to the
sell-through revenue model for products sold through the distribution channel,
it is essential that we gather sales information from our distributors to
accurately record our financial results for a particular quarter in a timely
manner. If orders forecasted for a specific customer for a particular quarter
are not realized or revenues are not otherwise recognized in that quarter, our
operating results for that quarter could be materially adversely affected.

WE SELL OUR PRODUCTS THROUGH INTERMEDIARIES, WHO MAY NOT VIGOROUSLY MARKET OUR
PRODUCTS, MAY NOT ACCEPT OUR SELL-THROUGH BUSINESS MODEL, MAY NOT PROVIDE US
REQUIRED INFORMATION TO ACCURATELY RECOGNIZE REVENUE OR MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY IN
TIMELY PAYING FOR PURCHASED PRODUCTS

     We market a significant portion of our products to end-users through
intermediaries, including distributors, resellers and value-added resellers.
These distributors sell other products that are complementary to, or compete
with, our products. While we encourage our distributors to focus on our products
through market and support programs, these distributors may give greater
priority to products of other suppliers, including competitors.

     In December 2000, in light of the business decision by some of our
distributors, including our largest distributor, to reduce inventory levels and
due to the unpredictability of demand in the distribution channel, we began a
transition from a sell-in to a sell-through business model. Subject to certain
limitations, we agreed to accept requests from certain distributors to return
inventory over and above permitted contractual levels. Under our new business
model we will enter into amended distribution arrangements under which we will
permit our distributors to purchase software licenses at the same time they fill
customer orders and to pay for hardware and retail products only when these
products are resold to the distributors' customers. In addition, we will permit
our distributors to make hardware and retail product returns at any time prior
to the time they sell these products to their customers. This right of return
will be unconditional. After sale by the distributor to its customer, there will
be no right of return from the distributor to us with respect to such product,
unless we approve the return from the final customer to the distributor.
Accordingly, due to this change in business practice, commencing on January 1,
2001, we will recognize revenue on products when products are sold

                                        13
<PAGE>   15

by the distributor. We expect the transition to a sell-through model will be
completed in the first quarter of 2001. Among other risks in connection with
this transition are the following:

     - our intermediaries may resist or be slow to adopt our new business
       practice;

     - to determine our business performance at any point in time or for any
       given period, we must timely and accurately gather sales information from
       our intermediaries' information systems, at an increased cost to us; and

     - our intermediaries' information systems may be less accurate or reliable
       than our internal systems.

     Some of our distributors are experiencing financial difficulties worldwide,
which may adversely impact our collection of accounts receivable. We regularly
review the collectibility and credit worthiness of our distributors to determine
an appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts. Our uncollectible accounts could
exceed our current or future allowance for doubtful accounts, which would
adversely impact our operating results.

COMPETITORS MAY INCLUDE PRODUCTS SIMILAR TO OURS IN THEIR HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE
AND RENDER OUR PRODUCTS OBSOLETE

     Vendors of hardware and of operating system software or other software
(such as firewall or e-mail software) may enhance their products or bundle
separate products to include network security and management software similar to
our products. The widespread inclusion of products that perform the same or
similar functions as our products within computer hardware or other software
could render our products obsolete and unmarketable. Furthermore, even if these
incorporated products are inferior or more limited than our products, customers
may elect to accept the incorporated products rather than purchase our products.
If we are unable to develop new network security and management products to
further enhance operating systems or other software and to successfully replace
any obsolete products, our business could suffer.

WE FACE RISK ASSOCIATED WITH EMPLOYEE RETENTION AND NEW EMPLOYEE ASSIMILATION

     Many of our employees are located in areas and have skills in fields where
there is high worker mobility and work force turnover. The departure of a large
number of our employees or a meaningful number of key non-executive employees
could have a material adverse impact on many facets of our business, including
our ability to develop new products, upgrade existing products, sell our
products and provide adequate internal infrastructure. After April 22, 2000, the
end of the 12-month lock-up period for options repriced in April 1999, we
experienced a larger than normal level of employee departures as many of these
employees elected to terminate their employment with us. We anticipate that we
will continue to have difficulties in retaining employees because most of our
employees hold options to purchase our stock at prices significantly above the
current market price for our stock.

     We hired a significant number of new employees in 2000 and we may continue
to add new employees to fill positions vacated by departing employees and to
expand our business. We will face challenges in attracting and assimilating
qualified new employees. We expect that there may be reduced levels of
productivity as these individuals are trained and otherwise adapt to our
organization. We also may experience employee retention and assimilation issues
in connection with the integration of our myCIO.com service offerings into our
key offerings.

WE FACE RISKS RELATED TO ORGANIZING OUR SALES EFFORT INTO PRODUCT GROUPS

     In order to more effectively market our products, we have combined
complementary products into separate product groups, as follows: McAfee, which
markets the McAfee Active Virus Defense (AVD) product group; Sniffer
Technologies, which markets the Sniffer Total Network Visibility (TNV) product
line; PGP Security, which markets the PGP Total Network Security (TNS) product
group; and Magic Solutions, which markets the Magic Total Support Desk (TSD)
product group. This structure is intended to allow us to react faster to
customers' needs and to focus each product group's sales force on selling
                                        14
<PAGE>   16

their respective product line and the individual point products contained in
those product groups. Our U.S. professional services organization is also
organized around our product groups. Our customers and potential customers may
not respond to this structure and our business and future financial performance
could suffer. This structure may be unsuccessful due to, among other things:

     - uncertainty and customer dissatisfaction surrounding our shift in focus
       to our product group strategy, including uncertainty as to our level of
       support for our combined product groups, previously marketed as one line
       and integration of our various product groups;

     - customer confusion or irritation related to multiple sales calls from
       different members of our reorganized sales force;

     - a loss of potential cross selling opportunities and a lack of lead
       sharing between the separate product groups' sales representatives who
       are primarily compensated for sales made by them of products within their
       respective product groups;

     - the possibility that our centralized general and administrative group may
       be unable to meet on a timely basis or at all each product group's
       individualized infrastructure and support requirements; and

     - one or more of our product groups may lack sufficient qualified
       professional services personnel to support its products.

WE COULD EXPERIENCE CUSTOMER AND MARKET CONFUSION DUE TO OUR MARKETING AND
ADVERTISING EFFORTS TARGETED AT THE PRODUCT GROUP OR SUBSIDIARY LEVEL, RATHER
THAN AT THE CORPORATE LEVEL, AND DUE TO SIMILARITIES IN THE NAMES USED BY OUR
PRODUCT GROUPS AND SUBSIDIARIES

     Networks Associates, Inc. was formed in December 1997, by the combination
of McAfee Associates, Inc. and Network General Corporation. We have spent a
significant portion of our total marketing efforts and advertising spending
building awareness of the Network Associates name. Our marketing efforts and
advertising spending have been focused on building brand awareness at the
product group and subsidiary level, rather than at the Network Associates
corporate level. This has created and could continue to create confusion in the
marketplace and in the investor community if people are unclear about the
relationships between Network Associates and our product groups, our McAfee.com
subsidiary and myCIO.com subsidiary. Our myCIO.com products and service
offerings are being reintegrated into our core business. These groups and
subsidiaries also have potentially confusing names and products. For example,
our online consumer anti-virus products, our retail and corporate anti-virus
products and our hosted anti-virus products to date have been marketed and sold,
respectively, by our publicly traded McAfee.com subsidiary, our retail division
which is called McAfee Retail and our McAfee product group.

WE MAY EXPERIENCE HIGHER OVERALL REVENUE IN THE NEAR-TERM BUT LOWER FUTURE
SOFTWARE LICENSE REVENUE DUE TO EXPECTED INCREASED LEVELS OF PERPETUAL LICENSES

     We expect an increase in the number of, and amount of, our net revenue
attributable to our sale of perpetual software licenses. Under a perpetual
license, a customer purchases the base-line software and subsequently acquires
software upgrades and updates. In contrast, under a time-based license model,
customers license the software, including upgrades and updates, for a specified
period of time. At the end of the initial license period, the customer must
renew their software time-based license to use our software. Sales of perpetual
licenses typically result in significantly higher up-front revenue and lower
recurring and future revenues as the sales price for upgrades and updates tends
to be significantly lower than that of a perpetual license. Factors contributing
to this expected increase in perpetual licenses include greater sales of
hardware-based Sniffer and E-ppliance products where software is bundled on to
the hardware platform and a general customer preference for perpetual licenses.
To offset potential reductions in future revenue, among other things, it will be
incumbent upon us to introduce new software products for sale and we may elect
to unbundle some of the products previously offered by us on a bundled
subscription basis.

                                        15
<PAGE>   17

OUR REVENUES MAY BE ADVERSELY IMPACTED BY OUR SHIFT TO A TWO-YEAR SUBSCRIPTION
LICENSE THAT INCLUDES ONLY ONE-YEAR OF MAINTENANCE

     Historically, our two-year subscription license included two years of
maintenance. However, in 2001, we will introduce two-year subscription licenses
that include the first year of maintenance. During the first year of the
subscription license, the customer has the option to purchase the second year of
maintenance. We believe this new offering allows the customer greater
flexibility in selecting the appropriate level of maintenance support. However,
if customers delay the purchase of their second year of maintenance support,
this could adversely affect our near term revenue and cash flows.

OUR STOCK PRICE HAS BEEN VOLATILE AND IS LIKELY TO REMAIN VOLATILE

     During 2000, our stock price was extremely volatile and ranged from a
per-share high of $36.69 to a low of $4.13. Announcements, litigation
developments, and our ability to meet the expectations of investors with respect
to our operating and financial results may contribute to current and future
stock price volatility. We may not discover, or be able to confirm, revenue or
earnings shortfalls until the end of a quarter, which could result in an
immediate drop in our stock price. In addition, similar events with respect to
McAfee.com, our publicly traded subsidiary, and fluctuations in its stock price
may also contribute to the volatility of our stock price. In the past, following
periods of volatility in the market price of a company's stock, securities class
action litigation has often been instituted. A number of putative class actions
were brought against our officers, directors and us. See Note 15, Notes to the
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. This litigation, and any other
litigation if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of
management's attention and resources.

WE EXPECT SIGNIFICANT STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION CHARGES RELATED TO REPRICED
OPTIONS

     In light of the decline in our stock price at the time and in an effort to
retain our employee base, in April 1999, we offered to reprice options held by
all employees, other than directors and executive officers. If the employee
agreed not to exercise any of the repriced options for a period of twelve
months, the exercise price of their eligible employee options with an exercise
price in excess of $11.0625 was reduced to $11.0625, the closing market price on
the NASDAQ on April 22, 1999. Option holders electing to have their options
repriced were required to acknowledge their acceptance by April 28, 1999. As a
result of the increase in price between the date on which the options were
repriced, April 22, 1999, and the date on which the employees elected to reprice
their option grants, April 28, 1999, we have incurred a stock-based compensation
charge. In accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," the Company incurred an initial
stock-based compensation charge in connection with this repricing. This charge
was calculated based on the difference between the exercise price of the new
options and their market value on the date of acceptance by employees.
Approximately $6.7 million was expensed in the twelve months ended December 31,
2000. This charge is fixed and will continue to be amortized through the
remaining vesting period of the repriced options.

     In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
FASB Interpretation No. 44, "Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock
Compensation, an interpretation of APB Opinion No. 25 ("Interpretation"). The
Interpretation is intended to clarify certain problems that have arisen in
practice since the issuance of APB 25. The Interpretation provides guidance,
some of which is a significant departure from current practice. The
Interpretation provides for prospective application for grants or modifications
to existing stock options or awards made after June 30, 2000. However, for
certain transactions the guidance is effective after December 15, 1998 and
January 12, 2000.

     We have incurred and will continue to incur variable accounting charges and
credits related to our repriced options and our subsidiaries' replacement
options. The valuation of this charge has and will be based on any excess of the
closing price at the end of the reporting period or date of exercise,
forfeiture, cancellation without replacements, if earlier, over the fair value
of our common stock at July 1, 2000, which was $20.375.

                                        16
<PAGE>   18

Depending upon movements in the market value of our common stock, this
accounting treatment may result in significant additional compensation charges
in future periods.

     In addition, variable plan accounting as described above, applies to
options issued to employees of McAfee.com and myCIO.com as a replacement for
Network Associates options which were subject to the repricing described above.
As a result, Network Associates will record variable charges based on the
movements in the fair value of McAfee.com and myCIO.com. During the twelve
months ended December 31, 2000, we recorded a compensation charge to earnings of
approximately $2.0 million related to variable plan accounting.

WE HAVE RECENTLY EXPERIENCED A SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND WE
MAY BE UNABLE TO ATTRACT QUALIFIED MANAGEMENT REPLACEMENTS ON A TIMELY BASIS

     On January 3, 2001, our board of directors appointed George Samenuk as our
new chief executive officer and president. George Samenuk was also named to the
board of directors. As part of this appointment, William Larson, our former
chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer, and Prabhat
Goyal, our former chief financial officer, left their former positions. In
addition, Peter Watkins, our former president and chief operating officer, left
his former position on December 31, 2000.

     This change in executive management may be disruptive to our business and
may result in the departure of existing employees and/or customers. We are
currently operating with an interim chief financial officer. It may take
significant time to locate, retain and integrate qualified management personnel.

OUR MANAGEMENT AND TECHNICAL PERSONNEL ARE CRITICAL TO OUR BUSINESS, THESE
INDIVIDUALS MAY NOT REMAIN WITH US IN THE FUTURE

     We rely, and will continue to rely, on a number of key technical and
management employees. While employees are required to sign standard agreements
concerning confidentiality and ownership of inventions, our employees are
generally not otherwise subject to employment agreements or to noncompetition
covenants. If any of our key employees leave, our business, results of
operations and financial condition could suffer. Furthermore, we do not maintain
life insurance policies on our key employees.

     Our ability to achieve our revenue and operating performance objectives
will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain technically
qualified and highly skilled sales, consulting, technical, marketing and
management personnel. Competition for these employees is intense and is expected
to remain so for the foreseeable future. We have seen upward pressure on wages
as a result of this intense competition for employees, which could cause an
increase in our operating expenses. We may not be successful in retaining our
existing key personnel and in attracting and retaining the personnel we require,
and our failure to retain and hire key employees could adversely affect our
business and operating results. Additions of new, and departures of existing,
employees, particularly in key positions, can be disruptive and can result in
departures of existing employees, which could adversely affect our business.

WE FACE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH PAST AND FUTURE TRANSACTIONS

     Our industry has experienced, and is expected to continue to experience, a
significant amount of consolidation. As part of our growth strategy, we may buy
or make investments in complementary companies, products and technologies. Since
1995 we have completed a large number of significant acquisitions involving both
public and private companies, including:

     - CyberMedia in September 1998;

     - Dr. Solomon in August 1998;

     - Secure Networks in May 1998;

     - Magic Solutions and TIS in April 1998;

                                        17
<PAGE>   19

     - Network General, PGP and Helix Software in December 1997;

     - Cinco Networks in August 1997;

     - Vycor Corporation in February 1996; and

     - Saber Software in August 1995.

     We have also completed a number of smaller acquisitions and acquired a
number of our international distributors. In 2000, we continued making strategic
minority investments in pre-public companies with complimentary products,
services and technologies. As of December 31, 2000, the minority venture
investments we continue to hold totaled $18.6 million valued at cost less
reductions for other than temporary impairments. In the fourth quarter of 2000,
we recorded a $10.0 million impairment charge in connection with these
investments.

     Our acquisitions and strategic investments involve a number of risks and we
may not realize the expected benefits of these transactions. We may lose all or
a portion of our investment, particularly in the case of our strategic minority
investments. We plan to continue investing and may make acquisitions of other
strategic investments in the future.

     In 1997 and 1998, we incurred significant nonrecurring charges associated
with our previous acquisitions. Our available cash and securities may be used to
buy or invest in companies or products, which could result in significant
acquisition-related charges to earnings and dilution to our stockholders.
Moreover, if we buy a company, we may have to incur or assume that company's
liabilities, including liabilities that are unknown at the time of acquisition,
which may result in a material adverse effect on us.

WE WILL EXPERIENCE SIGNIFICANT AMORTIZATION CHARGES AND FACE THE RISK OF FUTURE
NON-RECURRING CHARGES IN THE EVENT OF IMPAIRMENT

     In connection with our previous acquisitions accounted for under the
purchase method of accounting, in future periods we will experience significant
charges related to the amortization of purchased technology and goodwill. In
addition, if we later determine that this purchased technology and goodwill is
impaired, we will be required to take a related non-recurring charge to
earnings. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, our amortization expense
related to purchased technology and goodwill was $66.3 million.

WE MAY BE REQUIRED TO USE A LARGE PORTION OF OUR CASH BALANCES, OR ISSUE A
SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF OUR COMMON STOCK, IF OUR DEBENTUREHOLDERS REQUIRE THAT WE
REDEEM THEIR DEBENTURES IN FEBRUARY 2003

     On February 13, 1998, we issued zero coupon debentures, which have an
aggregate face amount at maturity of $885.5 million and generated net proceeds
to us of approximately $337.6 million (after deducting fees and expenses). The
initial price for the debentures was $391.06 per $1,000 of face amount at
maturity. At the option of the holder, we are required to redeem the debentures
as of February 13, 2003, February 13, 2008 and February 13, 2013 at purchase
prices equal to the initial issue price plus the accretion of the discount on
the debentures to such dates (or $494.52, $625.35 and $790.79 per $1,000 of face
amount at maturity, respectively). At our option, we may pay the aggregate
redemption price in cash, shares of our common stock or a combination thereof.
The number of shares of common stock required to be issued by us will be based
on the fair value of our common stock at the time of any redemption. As of
December 31, 2000, our aggregate cash and cash equivalents and long-term
securities were approximately $694 million. Assuming that as of February 13,
2003 all debenture holders require that we redeem their debentures, we would be
required to pay an aggregate redemption price in cash and/or shares of common
stock equal to approximately $437.9 million.

OUR HARDWARE BASED PRODUCTS FACE MANUFACTURING, SUPPLY, INVENTORY, LICENSING AND
OBSOLESCENCE RISKS

     Some of our Sniffer products and E-ppliance products include, in addition
to our software, a hardware platform as well as software licensed from other
companies. We expect the number of our hardware-based

                                        18
<PAGE>   20

products to increase as, among other things, the data rate in computer networks
increases, making a software-only solution a less viable solution. Third party
manufacturers do the manufacturing of these products under contract for us.
Reliance on third party manufacturers involves a number of risks, including the
lack of control over the manufacturing process and the potential absence or
unavailability of adequate capacity. In the event that any third party
manufacturers cannot or will not continue to manufacture our products in
required volumes, on a cost effective basis, in a timely manner or at all, we
will have to secure additional manufacturing capacity. Even if such additional
capacity is available at commercially acceptable terms, the qualification
process could be lengthy and could create delays in product shipments.

     Our hardware-based products contain critical components supplied by a
single or a limited number of third parties. We have been required to purchase
certain computer platforms around which we design our network fault and
performance management products to ensure an available supply of these products
for our customers. Any significant shortage of these platforms or other
components or the failure of the third party supplier to maintain or enhance
these products could lead to cancellations of customer orders or delays in
placement of orders.

     Some of our hardware based products incorporate licensed software, such as
operating system software. Our ability to successfully market these products
depends on our ability to obtain reasonably priced licenses from third party
software providers, as well as on our ability to integrate our hardware and
software with the software provided from third parties. If we are unable to
obtain software licenses from third parties or to integrate third party software
with our hardware products, our ability to market hardware based products would
suffer.

     Hardware based products may face greater obsolescence risks than software
products. If our hardware products are not easily upgradable to meet future
market needs, they may become obsolete. In addition to lost future sales, we
could incur losses or other charges in disposing of obsolete inventory, both of
which could also materially adversely affect our results of operations.

WE FACE RISKS RELATED TO OUR APPLICATION SERVICE PROVIDER STRATEGY

     With our ASP or hosted products and services, customers "rent versus buy"
the software. For example, McAfee.com is dedicated to updating, upgrading and
managing PCs over the Internet for single use retail, non-corporate, consumers.
This web-based model is a relatively new concept and there is a risk that our
ASP products and services may fail to gain market acceptance. The growth, market
acceptance and ultimate profitability of our ASP services is highly uncertain
and subject to a number of factors, including:

     - our ability to successfully adapt existing products or develop new or
       enhanced products that operate in a fast, secure and reliable manner over
       the Internet;

     - increased expenditures associated with the creation of a new business or
       delivery platform, such as product development, marketing and technical
       and administrative support;

     - the introduction of new products by third party competitors;

     - potential unwillingness of customers to pay for ASP subscription based
       products and services and our ability to properly price our products and
       services to generate the greatest revenue opportunities;

     - our ability to cost effectively offer our ASP products and services;

     - reluctance by businesses and consumers to change their software
       purchasing behavior in favor of services hosted on our, or third parties,
       servers; and

     - concerns of businesses and consumers about whether the Internet is fast,
       reliable and secure enough to deliver critical network security and
       availability services effectively.

                                        19
<PAGE>   21

     Our corporate ASP services were historically offered through our myCIO.com
subsidiary. In February 2001, we announced our plan to reintegrate myCIO.com's
operations with our own, while continuing to offer myCIO.com's products and
services as key offerings. The success of this decision is dependent on our
ability to successfully:

     - retain myCIO.com's existing customers and employees;

     - migrate myCIO.com's experience and knowledge in the development and
       marketing of hosted products and services to our other product groups;
       and

     - coordinate future product group and McAfee.com ASP offerings so as to
       avoid or minimize, among other things, customer confusion, redundant
       development efforts and expenses.

OUR MANAGED SERVICE PROVIDER STRATEGY EXPOSES US TO RISKS IN ADDITION TO THOSE
GENERALLY EXPERIENCED AS AN ASP

     We also make our hosted products and services available over the Internet
in what we refer to as a managed environment. These MSP solutions differ from
our ASP solutions, among other ways, in that our solutions are customized to
service a specific customer's needs and are monitored and updated by networking
professionals for that customer. To successfully offer MSP services we must:

     - effectively monitor and customize each customer's managed services;

     - attract and retain qualified networking professionals to manage customer
       accounts; and

     - effectively price our products and services to account for the higher
       costs associated with selling managed services.

     We also allow intermediaries, such as Internet Service Providers, to sell
and host our products and services in a managed environment. This MSP reseller
strategy exposes us to additional risks:

     - we must select, train and maintain qualified and financially stable MSP
       resellers;

     - it is more difficult for us to ensure customer satisfaction as we do not
       have direct customer contact and we rely on our resellers to timely and
       properly customize and administer our products and services;

     - we must develop and maintain mutually satisfactory revenue sharing
       arrangements with our MSP resellers; and

     - our MSP resellers may compete with our own MSP efforts.

WE FACE RISKS RELATED TO RELATIONSHIP WITH MCAFEE.COM

     We have entered into various inter-company arrangements including
technology, licenses, shared facilities, functions, services and tax sharing
agreements with McAfee.com. At December 31, 2000, we owned 36.0 million shares
of McAfee.com's Class B common stock, which is generally entitled to three votes
per share and converts to shares of McAfee.com Class A common stock if sold by
us to a third party. McAfee.com Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per
share. At December 31, 2000, our McAfee.com holdings represented approximately
81% of McAfee.com's outstanding capital stock and approximately 93% of its total
voting power.

     Pursuant to our cross license agreement with McAfee.com, we have licensed
all our technology to McAfee.com for use in the markets specified below and
McAfee.com has licensed its technology to us for our use outside of McAfee.com's
markets. Under our license and other agreements with McAfee.com, among other
things:

     - McAfee.com has the exclusive right to use the licensed technology for
       providing single-user consumer licenses for our products and services
       sold over the Internet or for Internet-based products and licensing the
       technology to original equipment manufacturers for sale to individual
       consumers;

                                        20
<PAGE>   22

     - we are permitted to continue to sell our consumer products through
       non-online channels, such as traditional retail stores, however
       McAfee.com's sales of online products and services could significantly
       reduce sales of these products;

     - we may not offer a product incorporating third party technology if those
       products are competitive with products offered by McAfee.com;

     - McAfee.com is required to pay us a license fee of 7% of net revenue
       derived from product sales that include the licensed technology;

     - the license agreement is perpetual and may only be terminated by us if
       McAfee.com fails to cure a material breach of the license within 30 days
       after we notify it of the breach, subject to mandatory dispute resolution
       prior to the effectiveness of any proposed termination;

     - we are required to indemnify McAfee.com with respect to existing
       litigation related to the licensed technology to which we are a party,
       including the litigation described in Note 15 of the Notes to the
       Consolidated Financial Statements;

     - generally, we are required to cause to be elected to the McAfee.com board
       of directors at least two independent directors, which term would exclude
       any serving Network Associates officer or director; and

     - if, without the prior approval of our continuing directors (being our
       current directors and directors approved or not objected to by our
       current directors), someone acquires 15% or more of our outstanding
       capital stock or our continuing directors cease to constitute a majority
       of our board (1) we are required to vote our shares of McAfee.com common
       stock and otherwise seek to cause to the McAfee.com board of directors to
       consist of at least a majority of independent directors and (2) our
       shares of McAfee.com Class B common stock will be entitled to only one
       vote per share instead of three.

WE FACE RISKS RELATED TO THE ALLOCATION OF OPPORTUNITIES WITH RESPECT TO
PRODUCTS, CUSTOMERS AND TERRITORIES AMONG OUR PRODUCT GROUPS AND SUBSIDIARIES

     We are continuing to focus our business on our products, our customers and
geographic territories. Our product groups are primarily product focused. Our
McAfee.com subsidiary sells its products and services over the Internet to
consumers and businesses. Nihon Network Associates K.K. ("Network Associates
Japan") is both geographically and customer focused, selling Network Associates'
products on a generally exclusive basis in Japan and to large Japanese business
customers outside of Japan and acting as McAfee.com's reseller in Japan. Except
as provided under our technology licensing agreements and arrangements, we do
not currently have in place a policy to govern the pursuit or allocation of
business opportunities between our subsidiaries and product groups. These and
any future internal allocation of products, customers and territories could
result in, among other things:

     - sales force conflict;

     - customer confusion surrounding the entity or party with whom they are
       expected to deal;

     - disputes over product and research and development priorities;

     - disputes over allocation of corporate resources and focus; and

     - loss of management focus due to efforts spent to resolve internal
       conflicts.

WE MUST ADAPT TO THE RAPIDLY CHANGING BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT BROUGHT ON BY THE
WIDESPREAD USE OF THE INTERNET

     We utilize the Internet and depend on its functionality and reliability in
many parts of our business, including sales, distribution and support of our
products. There are still many uncertainties regarding many

                                        21
<PAGE>   23

facets of the Internet, including reliability, security, access, tax, government
regulation and cost. We also run the risk of not adapting to the latest changes
in the Internet, which could affect our business operations. If growth of the
Internet does not develop at the rapid pace we expect, our operating results
could be adversely affected.

OUR MARKET IS CHARACTERIZED BY RAPID TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE; WE FACE RISK
ASSOCIATED WITH PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT

     The network security and management market is highly fragmented and
characterized by ongoing technological developments, evolving industry standards
and rapid changes in customer requirements. Our success will depend on our
ability to:

     - offer a broad range of network security and management software products;

     - continue to enhance existing products and expand product offerings;

     - develop and introduce in a timely manner new products with technological
       advances;

     - respond promptly to new customer requirements;

     - comply with evolving industry standards without delays in compliance;

     - provide upgrades and updates to users frequently and at low cost; and

     - remain compatible with popular operating systems such as Windows 98,
       Windows 2000, Windows NT and NetWare, and develop products that are
       compatible with new or otherwise emerging operating systems.

     We may not be able to successfully develop and market, on a timely basis,
enhancements to our existing products or new products. Our product enhancements
or new products may not adequately address the changing needs of the
marketplace. New products with new technological capabilities could replace or
shorten the life cycle of our products or cause our customers to defer or cancel
purchases of our existing products.

     We may continue to experience delays in software development as we have at
times in the past. Complex software products like ours may contain undetected
errors or version compatibility problems, particularly when first released,
which could delay or cost us market acceptance. For example, our anti-virus
software products have in the past falsely detected viruses that did not
actually exist. Difficulties and delays associated with new product
introductions, performance or enhancements could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operation.

     Our product development efforts are impacted by the adoption or evolution
of industry standards. For example, no uniform industry standard has developed
in the market for encryption security products. As industry standards are
adopted or evolve, we may have to modify existing products or develop and
support new versions of existing products. In addition, if no industry standard
develops, our products and our competitors' products could be incompatible,
which could prevent or delay overall development of the market for a particular
product. If our products fail to comply with existing or evolving industry
standards in a timely fashion, our business, results of operation and financial
condition could be materially and adversely affected.

     Our long-term success depends on our ability to upgrade and update existing
product offerings, modify and enhance acquired products and introduce new
products which meet our customers' needs. Future upgrades and updates may
include additional functionality, respond to user problems or address
compatibility problems with changing operating systems and environments. We
believe that our ability to provide these upgrades and updates frequently and at
low costs is key to our success. For example, the proliferation of new and
changing viruses makes it imperative to update anti-virus products frequently to
avoid obsolescence. Failure to release upgrades and updates could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. We may not be successful in these efforts. In addition, future
changes in Windows 98, Windows 2000, Windows NT, NetWare or other popular
operating systems could cause compatibility problems with our products. Further,
delays in the introduction of future versions of operating systems or lack of
market acceptance of these future versions would delay or reduce demand for our
future
                                        22
<PAGE>   24

products which were designed to operate with these future operating systems. Our
failure to introduce in a timely manner new products that are compatible with
operating systems and environments preferred by desktop computer users would
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and
financial condition.

WE DEPEND ON REVENUE FROM OUR FLAGSHIP ANTI-VIRUS AND SNIFFER PRODUCTS

     We have historically derived a majority of our net revenues from our
flagship McAfee anti-virus software products and Sniffer network fault and
performance management products. These products are expected to continue to
account for a significant portion of our net revenues for the foreseeable
future. Because of this concentration of revenue, a decline in demand for, or in
the prices of, these products as a result of competition, technological change,
a change in our pricing model, inclusion of anti-virus or network management and
analysis software as a standard part of hardware or operating system software or
other software, or a maturation in the markets for these products, could harm
our business.

IF THE NETWORK MANAGEMENT AND NETWORK SECURITY MARKETS DO NOT EVOLVE AS WE
ANTICIPATE, OUR BUSINESS COULD SUFFER

     The markets for our network management and network security products are
evolving, and their growth depends upon broader market acceptance of this
software, including help desk software. Although the number of PCs attached to
large-area networks has increased dramatically, the network management and
network security markets continue to be emerging markets. These markets may not
continue to develop or may not develop rapidly enough to benefit our business
significantly. In addition, there are a number of potential approaches to
network management and network security, including the incorporation of
management and security tools into network operating systems. Therefore, even if
network management and network security tools gain broader market acceptance,
potential purchasers may not select our products. To the extent that either the
network management or network security market does continue to develop, we
expect that competition will increase.

WE ARE SUBJECT TO INTENSE COMPETITION IN THE NETWORK MANAGEMENT AND SECURITY
MARKETS AND WE EXPECT TO FACE INCREASED COMPETITION IN THE FUTURE

     The markets for our products are intensely competitive. and we expect
competition to increase in the near-term. We believe that the principal
competitive factors affecting the markets for our products include:

     - performance;

     - functionality;

     - quality;

     - customer support;

     - breadth of product group;

     - frequency of upgrades and updates;

     - integration of products;

     - manageability of products;

     - brand name recognition;

     - reputation; and

     - price.

     We may be unable to compete effectively against existing and potential
competitors. Some of our competitors have longer operating histories, greater
name recognition, larger technical staffs, established relationships with
hardware vendors and/or greater financial, technical and marketing resources.
These factors may provide our competitors with an advantage in penetrating the
market with their network security and management products. As is the case in
many segments of the software industry, we have been encountering,

                                        23
<PAGE>   25

and we expect to further encounter, increasing competition. This increased
competition could reduce average selling prices and, therefore, profit margins.
Competitive pressures could result not only in price reductions but also in a
decline in sales volume, which could cause our business to suffer.

     Performance and quality of our anti-virus software products are measured by
number and type of viruses detected, the speed at which the products run and
ease of use. Our principal competitor in the anti-virus market serviced by our
McAfee product groups and McAfee.com is the Peter Norton Group of Symantec.
Trend Micro remains the strongest competitor in the Asian anti-virus market.
Other competitors include numerous smaller companies and shareware authors that
may in the future develop into stronger competitors or be consolidated into
larger competitors.

     Our principal competitors in the security market vary by product type. For
firewalls, our principal competitors include CheckPoint, Symantec, and larger
companies such as Cisco Systems and Microsoft. For intrusion detection products,
we compete with ISS, Symantec and Cisco. The markets for encryption and virtual
private network, or VPN, products are highly fragmented with numerous small and
large vendors. Public key infrastructure, or PKI, encryption vendors such as
Entrust Technologies offer some products that compete with our PGP products. VPN
competitors include hardware and software vendors, including telecommunications
companies and traditional networking suppliers.

     Our principal competitor in the network management market is Agilent. Other
competitors include Cisco, Computer Associates, Compuware, Concord
Communications, DeskTalk Systems, GN Nettest, Network Instruments, Radcom
Technologies, Shomiti Systems and Acterna Corporation.

     Our principal competitors in the help desk market are Computer Associates,
FrontRange Solutions, Peregrine and Remedy.

     We also face competition from large software companies such as Microsoft,
Intel, Novell and HP, which may offer network security and management products
as enhancements to their operating system.

     Finally, as the network management market develops, we may face increased
competition from a number of large companies, as well as other companies seeking
to enter the market. The trend toward enterprise-wide network management and
security solutions may result in a consolidation of the network management and
security market around a smaller number of companies who are able to provide the
necessary software and support capabilities.

OUR CUSTOMERS MAY CANCEL OR DELAY THEIR PURCHASES OF OUR PRODUCTS, WHICH COULD
ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS

     Our products may be considered to be capital purchases by certain customers
or prospective customers. Capital purchases are often discretionary and,
therefore, are canceled or delayed if the customer experiences a downturn in its
business prospects or as a result of economic conditions in general. Any
cancellation or delay could adversely affect our results of operations.

WE FACE RISKS RELATED TO OUR SALES FORCE STRUCTURE

     Our sales force is organized by product group, with four separately focused
sales organizations selling our McAfee, Sniffer Technologies, PGP Security and
Magic Solutions products. All four sales organizations consist of field sales
representatives who are located regionally and outbound telesales
representatives who actively focus on selling our individual product lines. The
telesales representatives focus on small customers and transactions. McAfee.com
has developed a separate sales force of 34 employees, focusing on selling their
ASP solution directly to consumers and businesses. To succeed in the direct
sales channel, we must build a significant direct sales organization and must
attract and retain qualified personnel. These individuals will require training
about, and knowledge of, attributes of the products and product lines sold by
them. We may not succeed in building the necessary sales organization or in
attracting, retaining or training these individuals.

     We have divided our U.S. direct sales force among our four product groups,
in part, to focus our sales force on selling specialized products. In 2001, we
intend to organize our international direct sales force by our

                                        24
<PAGE>   26

four product groups when and where local demand and sales force considerations
make this action advisable. Our customers and potential customers and sales
force may not respond favorably to the restructuring and our revenues, business
and future financial performance could suffer materially. In addition to
customer and sales related risks described above:

     - disputes may occur between our product group sales forces;

     - sales representatives may lose productivity while being retrained or
       while refocusing their sales efforts; and

     - sales representatives may terminate their employment with us.

     Although our increased direct sales efforts may also reduce our dependence
on resellers and distributors, it may also lead to conflicts for the same
customers, further customer confusion and may result in pressure by current and
prospective customers for price reductions on products.

WE NEED TO EXPAND AND DEVELOP AN EFFECTIVE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES ORGANIZATION;
WE RELY ON THIRD-PARTY PROFESSIONAL SERVICES

     As our products and computer networks in general increase in complexity,
customers require greater professional assistance to design, install, configure
and implement our products. To date, we have relied on our limited professional
services capabilities and increasingly on outside professional service
providers, including our distributors, resellers and system integrators. These
third party service providers may provide inadequate levels of professional
services. Moreover, reliance on these third parties places a greater burden on
them and reduces our ability to control and establish standards for providing
these support services. Our reliance on these third parties could delay our
recognition of product revenue, harm our relationships or reputation with these
third parties or the end users of our products or result in decreased future
sales of, or prices for, our products.

     The failure to develop and maintain an effective professional services
organization could have a material adverse effect on our business. To more
effectively service our customers' evolving needs, we intend to significantly
expand and develop our worldwide professional services organization. We may not
succeed in these efforts. Effectively expanding and developing our professional
services organization will require that we hire and train more service
professionals who must be continually trained and educated to ensure that they
possess sufficient technical skills and product knowledge. The market for
qualified professionals is intensely competitive, making hiring and retention
difficult. We expect significant competition in this market from existing
providers of professional services and future entrants. We must also properly
price our services to attract customers, while maintaining sufficient margins
for these services. We therefore expect that we will have lower profit margins
on our service revenues. In addition, we reorganized our U.S. professional
services organization, in part, to enable the professional services organization
to become more specialized on individual products and product groups. As a
result, a particular product group may have insufficient qualified personnel to
perform its professional services needs as there will no longer be a "pool" of
professional services personnel from which to draw. A product group's lack of
sufficient professional services personnel could lead to customer
dissatisfaction, missed revenue opportunities and a loss of future business.

WE RELY ON THE CONTINUED PROMINENCE OF MICROSOFT TECHNOLOGY

     Although we intend to support other operating systems, our mission is to be
the leading supplier of network security and management products for Windows
NT/Intel based networks. Sales of our products would be materially and adversely
affected by market developments that are adverse to the Windows operating
environments, including the failure of users and application developers to
accept Windows NT. In addition, our ability to develop products using the
Windows operating environments is dependent on our ability to gain timely access
to, and to develop expertise in, current and future developments by Microsoft.
We may not be able to gain the necessary access from Microsoft.

                                        25
<PAGE>   27

WE MAY FAIL TO SUPPORT OPERATING SYSTEMS WHICH SUCCESSFULLY COMPETE WITH
MICROSOFT'S TECHNOLOGY, INCLUDING COMPETING VERSIONS OF THE UNIX OPERATING
SYSTEM

     We are expanding our product support to include the Unix operating system
and the Linux operating system. Sales of our products could be materially and
adversely impacted by our failure to support those versions of the Unix
operating system or competing operating systems that receive broad market
acceptance. The Unix system encompasses many separate operating systems of which
we only support a few, including for example, Sun Microsystems' Solaris Unix
operating system.

WE MUST EFFECTIVELY MANAGE OUR GROWTH

     Our business has grown both internally and through acquisitions. This
growth has placed, and any future growth would continue to place, a significant
strain on our limited personnel, management and other resources. Our ability to
manage any future growth, particularly with the anticipated expansion of our
international business and our ASP businesses, and growth in distribution
business, will require us to:

     - attract, train, retain, motivate and manage new employees successfully;

     - effectively integrate new employees into our operations; and

     - continue to improve our operational, financial, management and
       information systems and controls.

     If we continue to grow, our management systems currently in place may be
inadequate or we may not be able to effectively manage this growth. We are
currently investing in our Internet infrastructure in anticipation of expected
growth from the Internet, which may fail to materialize.

WE RELY HEAVILY ON OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS WHICH OFFER ONLY LIMITED
PROTECTION AGAINST POTENTIAL INFRINGERS; WE MAY FACE LITIGATION RELATED TO OUR
PROPRIETARY TECHNOLOGY AND RIGHTS

     Our success depends significantly upon our proprietary software technology.
We rely on a combination of contractual rights, trademarks, trade secrets,
patents and copyrights to establish and protect proprietary rights in our
software. However, these protections may be inadequate or competitors may
independently develop technologies or products that are substantially equivalent
or superior to our products. We do not typically obtain signed license
agreements from our corporate, government and institutional customers who
license products directly from us. Rather, we include an electronic version of a
"shrink-wrap" license in all of our electronically distributed software and a
printed license in the box for our products distributed through traditional
distributors in order to protect our copyrights and trade secrets in those
products. Since the licensee has not signed any of these licenses, many legal
authorities believe that such licenses may not be enforceable under the laws of
many states and foreign jurisdictions. In addition, the laws of some foreign
countries either do not protect these rights at all or offer only limited
protection for these rights. The steps taken by us to protect our proprietary
software technology may be inadequate to deter misuse or theft of this
technology. For example, we are aware that a substantial number of users of our
anti-virus products have not paid any registration or license fees to us.
Changing legal interpretations of liability for unauthorized use of our
software, or lessened sensitivity by corporate, government or institutional
users to avoiding infringement of intellectual property, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

     There has been substantial litigation regarding the intellectual property
rights of technology companies. The increased issuance of software patents in
recent years has led to and is likely to continue to lead to increased patent
and intellectual property litigation in the software industry. In the past we
have been, and we currently are, subject to litigation related to our
intellectual property, including patent infringement cases involving Hilgraeve.
See Note 15, Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We may
also be subject to litigation in connection with our advertising and marketing
programs. Although we intend to defend ourselves vigorously against claims
asserted against us in the foregoing actions or matters, developments arising
out of this pending litigation or any other litigation to which we are or may
become a party could
                                        26
<PAGE>   28

have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and
financial condition. Adverse determinations in litigation could:

     - result in the loss of our proprietary rights;

     - subject us to significant liabilities, including monetary liabilities;

     - require us to seek licenses from third parties; or

     - prevent us from manufacturing or selling our products.

     The litigation process is subject to inherent uncertainties and we may not
prevail in these matters, or we may be unable to obtain licenses with respect to
any patents or other intellectual property rights that may be held valid or
infringed upon by our products or us. Uncertainties inherent in the litigation
process include, among other things, the complexity of the technologies
involved, potentially adverse changes in the law and discovery of facts
unfavorable to us.

     In addition, as we may acquire a portion of software included in our
products from third parties, our exposure to infringement actions may increase
because we must rely upon such third parties as to the origin and ownership of
any software being acquired. Similarly, exposure to infringement claims will
increase to the extent that we employ or hire additional software engineers
previously employed by competitors, notwithstanding measures taken by these
competitors to protect their intellectual property. In the future, litigation
may be necessary to enforce and protect trade secrets and other intellectual
property rights that we own. We may also be subject to litigation to defend
against claimed infringement of the rights of others or determine the scope and
validity of the proprietary rights of others. This litigation could be costly
and cause diversion of management's attention, either of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

OUR INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS SUBJECT US TO FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS AND
OTHER INHERENT RISKS RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES

     For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, net revenue
from international sales represented approximately 37%, 40%, and 36%,
respectively, of our net revenue. Historically, we have relied upon independent
agents and distributors to market our products internationally. We expect that
international revenue will continue to account for a significant percentage of
net revenue. We also expect that a significant portion of this international
revenue will be denominated in local currencies. To reduce the impact of foreign
currency fluctuations, we use non-leveraged forward currency contracts. However,
our future results of operations may be adversely affected by currency
fluctuations or by costs associated with currency risk management strategies.
Other risks inherent in international revenue generally include:

     - the impact of longer payment cycles;

     - greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection;

     - unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

     - seasonality due to the slowdown in European business activities during
       the third quarter;

     - tariffs and other trade barriers;

     - export restrictions on our encryption and other security products;

     - uncertainties relative to regional economic circumstances including the
       continued economic weakness in Asia;

     - political instability in emerging markets and difficulties in staffing;

     - hiring and retaining key international employees; and

     - managing foreign operations.

                                        27
<PAGE>   29

     These factors may have a material adverse effect on our future
international license revenue. Further, in countries with a high incidence of
software piracy, we may experience a higher rate of piracy of our products.

     In addition, a portion of our international revenue is expected to continue
to be generated through independent agents. Since these agents are not our
employees and are not required to offer our products exclusively, they may
discontinue marketing our products entirely. Also, we may have limited control
over these agents, limited access to the names of the customers to whom these
agents sell products and limited knowledge of the information provided by, or
representations made by, these agents to customers.

COMPUTER "HACKERS" MAY DAMAGE OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

     Given our high profile in the security software market, we have been a
target of computer hackers who have, among other things, created viruses to
sabotage or otherwise attack our products. While to date, these efforts have
been discovered quickly and their adverse impact has been limited, similar
viruses or efforts may be created or replicated in the future. In this event,
users' computer systems could be damaged and demand for our software products
may suffer as a result. In addition, since we do not control diskette
duplication by distributors or our independent agents, diskettes containing our
software may be infected with viruses. Given our increased use of the Internet
to deliver products and services, any successful sabotage or other attack on our
websites, including the McAfee.com and myCIO.com web sites, could disrupt our
ability to provide products and services to customers. Recently a number of
websites have been subject to denial of service attacks, where a web site is
bombarded with information requests eventually causing the website to overload,
which causes a delay or disruption of service. A successful sabotage of one of
our affiliates' web based businesses could result in reduced demand for our or
our affiliates' web based products and services and could have a material
adverse effect on our business and our results of operation.

FALSE DETECTION OF VIRUSES AND ACTUAL OR PERCEIVED SECURITY BREACHES COULD
ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS

     Our anti-virus software products have in the past and may at times in the
future falsely detect viruses that do not actually exist. These false alarms,
while typical in the industry, may impair the perceived reliability of our
products and may therefore adversely impact market acceptance of our products.
In addition, we have in the past been subject to litigation claiming damages
related to a false alarm, and similar claims may be made in the future. In
addition, an actual or perceived breach of network or computer security at one
of our customers, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to our
products, could adversely affect the market's perception of our security
products. This could adversely affect our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

OUR CRYPTOGRAPHY TECHNOLOGY IS SUBJECT TO EXPORT RESTRICTIONS AND MAY BECOME
OBSOLETE

     All of our products are subject to the U.S. Export Administration
Regulations, governed by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Certain of our network
security products, technology and associated technical assistance, particularly
products and technology incorporating encryption, may be subject to export
restrictions. Recent changes to U.S. laws enable Network Associates to export
more products without restrictions; however, certain products still may not be
exported to foreign customers without prior approval from the U.S. government.
The list of products and end users for which export approval is required, and
the regulatory policies with respect thereto, are subject to revision by the
U.S. government at any time. The cost of compliance with U.S. and international
export laws and changes in existing laws could affect our ability to sell
certain products in certain markets, and could have a material adverse effect on
our international revenues.

     In addition, some of our network security products are dependent on the use
of public key cryptography technology. This technology depends in part upon the
application of certain mathematical principles known as factoring and discrete
logarithms. The security afforded by public key cryptography technology is based
on our belief that the factoring of large prime numbers and solving the discrete
log problem is not computationally practical. Should an easy factoring method be
developed or the discrete log problem is solved, the security

                                        28
<PAGE>   30

afforded by encryption products using public key cryptography technology would
be reduced or eliminated. Furthermore, any significant advance in techniques for
attacking cryptographic systems could also render some or all of our existing
products and services obsolete or unmarketable. Moreover, the cryptographic
algorithms used in our products can theoretically be solved by computer systems
significantly faster and more powerful than those presently available. If these
improved techniques for attacking cryptographic systems were ever developed, our
business would be adversely affected.

PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS ASSERTED AGAINST US IN THE FUTURE COULD ADVERSELY
AFFECT OUR BUSINESS

     Our network security and management software products are used to protect
and manage computer systems and networks that may be critical to organizations.
As a result, our sale and support of these products involves the risk of
potential product liability and related claims. Our license agreements with our
customers typically contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to
potential product liability claims. It is possible, however, that the limitation
of liability provisions contained in these license agreements may not be
effective under the laws of certain jurisdictions, particularly in circumstances
involving unsigned licenses. A product liability claim brought against us could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

WE FACE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH U.S. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTING

     We are currently engaged in several research and development contracts with
agencies of the U.S. government. We believe that the willingness of these
government agencies to enter into future contracts with us will in part be
dependent upon our continued ability to meet their expectations.

     Minimum fee awards for companies entering into government contracts are
generally between 3% and 7% of the costs incurred by them in performing their
duties under the related contract. However, these fee awards may be as low as 1%
of the contract costs. Furthermore, these contracts are subject to cancellation
at the convenience of the governmental agencies. Although we have been awarded
contract fees of more than 1% of the contract costs in the past, minimum fee
awards or cancellations may occur in the future. Reductions or delays in federal
funds available for projects we are performing could also have an adverse impact
on our government business. Contracts involving the U.S. government are also
subject to the risks of disallowance of costs upon audit, changes in government
procurement policies, required competitive bidding and, with respect to
contracts involving prime contractors or government-designated subcontractors,
the inability of those parties to perform under their contracts. In addition,
our government customers and potential customers may not respond favorably to
the division of our business into product groups and our business and future
financial performance could suffer. Any of the foregoing events could adversely
affect our results of operations or financial conditions.

BUSINESS INTERRUPTION RISKS

     We face a number of potential business interruption risks that are beyond
our control. The State of California has recently experienced intermittent power
shortages, sharp increases in the cost of energy and even interruptions of
service to some business customers. If power shortages continue to be a problem
our business may be materially adversely effected. Additionally, we may
experience natural disasters that could interrupt our business.

     Our corporate headquarters is located near a major earthquake fault. The
impact of a major earthquake on our facilities, infrastructure and overall
operations is not known. Safety precautions have been implemented, however there
is no guarantee that an earthquake would not seriously disturb our entire
business process. We are largely uninsured for losses and business disruptions
caused by an earthquake and other natural disasters.

     We are in the process of installing an updated enterprise resource planning
(ERP) program. We may face delays or difficulties in installing and implementing
the software.

                                        29
<PAGE>   31

DELAWARE LAW, OUR CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS, OUR ADOPTION OF A
RIGHTS PLAN AND OUR STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT WITH MCAFEE.COM MAY INHIBIT POTENTIAL
ACQUISITION BIDS; THIS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE MARKET PRICE FOR OUR COMMON
STOCK AND PREVENT CHANGES IN OUR MANAGEMENT.

     Our board of directors has the authority to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of
preferred stock and to determine the price, rights, preferences, privileges and
restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares without any further vote
of action by its stockholders. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing
desirable flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other
corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a
third party to acquire a majority of the outstanding voting stock.

     In October 1998, our board of directors adopted a shareholders rights plan.
Each right under this plan entitles the record holder to buy 1/1000 of a share
of our series B participating preferred stock at an exercise price of $200.00.
The rights will become exercisable following the tenth day after a person or
group announces acquisition of 15% or more of our common stock or announces
commencement of a tender or exchange offer the consummation of which would
result in ownership by the person or group of 15% or more of our common stock.
If the rights become exercisable, the holders of the rights (other than the
person acquiring 15% or more of our common stock) will be entitled to acquire in
exchange for the $200 exercise price shares of our common stock or shares of any
company in which we are merged having a value of $400. We are entitled to redeem
the rights at $0.01 per right at any time on or before the tenth day following
acquisition by a person or group of 15% or more of our common stock.

     In October 1999, we entered into a stockholders agreement with McAfee.com.
Under this agreement we agreed that if (1) without the prior approval of our
continuing directors, as defined below, any person acquires or agrees to acquire
15% or more of our outstanding common stock or (2) our continuing directors
cease to constitute a majority of our serving directors, then for so long but
only for so long as that condition exists:

     - our shares of McAfee.com Class B common stock will be entitled to only
       one vote per share instead of three votes per share; and

     - we will be obligated to vote our McAfee.com shares to cause, and to take
       such actions reasonably within our control to cause, and shall seek to
       cause the McAfee.com directors appointed by us to cause, the McAfee.com
       board of directors to consist of at least a majority of independent
       directors.

     Our continuing directors consist of our current directors and any
subsequent directors approved or not objected to by a majority of our
then-continuing directors.

     Certain provisions of Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation and
bylaws, such as a classified board, could delay or make a merger, tender offer
or proxy contest involving Network Associates more difficult. While these
provisions and our rights plan are intended to enable our board of directors to
maximize stockholder value, and the provisions of the McAfee.com stockholders
agreement are, among other things, intended to preserve McAfee.com's
independence, they may have the effect of discouraging takeovers, which may not
be in the best interest of certain stockholders. Our rights plan and these
provisions could have an adverse effect on the market value of our common stock.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

     Our headquarters currently occupy 208,368 square feet in facilities located
in Santa Clara, California under leases expiring in 2013. Worldwide we lease
facilities with approximately 1.0 million total square feet, with leases that
expire at various times. Our primary international facilities are located in
Australia, Brazil, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Other
significant domestic sites include Maryland, Oregon and Texas. We believe that
our existing facilities are adequate for the present and that additional space
will be available as needed.

                                        30
<PAGE>   32

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Information with respect to this item is incorporated by reference to Note
15 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form
10-K.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     No matters were submitted to a vote of stockholders' during the fourth
quarter of the year ended December 31, 2000.

                                        31
<PAGE>   33

                                    PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS

PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK

     Since our initial public offering on October 6, 1992, our common stock has
traded on the NASDAQ National Market. Since the combination with Network General
Corporation on December 1, 1997, our common stock has traded under the symbol
NETA. Prior thereto, our common stock traded under the symbol MCAF. The
following tables set forth, for the period indicated, the high and low closing
sales prices for our common stock for the last eight quarters, all as reported
by NASDAQ. The prices appearing in the tables below reflect over the counter
market quotations, which reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up,
mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               HIGH      LOW
                                                              ------    ------
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>
Year Ended December 31, 2000
  First Quarter.............................................  $36.69    $23.31
  Second Quarter............................................   29.25     19.75
  Third Quarter.............................................   26.25     18.19
  Fourth Quarter............................................   23.00      4.13
Year Ended December 31, 1999
  First Quarter.............................................  $61.25    $28.06
  Second Quarter............................................   30.75     11.06
  Third Quarter.............................................   21.63     15.56
  Fourth Quarter............................................   28.00     16.56
</TABLE>

DIVIDEND POLICY

     We have not paid any cash dividends since our reorganization into a
corporate form in October 1992. We intend to retain future earnings for use in
our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable
future.

HOLDERS OF COMMON STOCK

     As of February 28, 2001, there were 1,161 record owners of our common
stock.

                                        32
<PAGE>   34

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     We have restated our financial results to incorporate the following
companies acquired through pooling of interests: Anyware, CSB, Dr. Solomon,
Nordic, QA, Secure, Syscon, TIS, (all acquired in 1998) and Helix, Jade, Network
General, SHBV (all acquired in 1997). In addition, results for the nine months
ended September 30, 1998, and each of the years ended December 31, 1997 and
1996, have been restated from those previously reported to reflect a change in
the purchase price allocation and related amortization of intangibles for
acquisitions accounted for by the purchase method of accounting. Dr. Solomon had
a fiscal year ended May 31. Financial statements for the periods through
December 31, 1997, reflect the combination of our operating results for the
years ended December 31, 1997 and 1996 and the operating results of Dr. Solomon
for the years ended November 30, 1997 and 1996. Restated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 1998 reflect our operating results for the year
ended December 31, 1998 and the operating results of Dr. Solomon for the
thirteen months ended December 31, 1998.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                            ------------------------------------------------------
                                              2000        1999        1998       1997       1996
                                            ---------   ---------   --------   --------   --------
                                                   (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                         <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Net revenue...............................  $ 745,692   $ 683,668   $990,045   $735,692   $514,997
Income (loss) from operations.............   (151,967)   (138,199)   119,966     61,947     57,568
Income (loss) before income taxes and
  minority interest.......................    (97,751)   (130,998)   138,167     82,813     65,419
Net income (loss).........................   (102,721)   (159,901)    36,438     10,639     10,711
Net income (loss) per share, basic........  $   (0.74)  $   (1.15)  $   0.27   $   0.08   $   0.09
Net income (loss) per share, diluted......  $   (0.74)  $   (1.15)  $   0.26   $   0.08   $   0.09
Shares used in per share
  calculation -- basic....................    138,072     138,695    133,075    126,662    115,626
Shares used in per share
  calculation -- diluted..................    138,072     138,695    138,609    132,729    125,502
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 DECEMBER 31,
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------
                                            2000         1999          1998         1997       1996
                                         ----------   ----------   ------------   --------   --------
<S>                                      <C>          <C>          <C>            <C>        <C>
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Cash and cash equivalents..............  $  275,539   $  316,784    $  418,899    $157,031   $165,785
Working capital........................     196,993      285,665       537,056     247,811    307,478
Total assets...........................   1,384,848    1,479,394     1,536,721     805,350    613,867
Deferred revenue and taxes.............     186,129      163,816       205,598     129,557     91,020
Long Term Debt and other liabilities...     396,868      379,267       374,132       2,353         --
Total equity...........................  $  518,651   $  660,106    $  722,838    $492,501   $425,671
</TABLE>

                                        33
<PAGE>   35

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

FISCAL YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999, AND 1998

     The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the percentage of
net revenue represented by certain items in our Statements of Operations.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              --------------------------
                                                               2000      1999      1998
                                                              ------    ------    ------
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>       <C>
Net revenue:
  Product...................................................     68%       69%       84%
  Services and support......................................     32        31        16
                                                               ----      ----      ----
          Total revenue.....................................    100       100       100
Cost of revenue:
  Product...................................................     15        13        14
  Services and support......................................      5         5         4
                                                               ----      ----      ----
          Total cost of revenue.............................     20        18        18
Operating costs and expenses:
  Research and development..................................     23        22        14
  Marketing and sales.......................................     54        55        30
  General and administrative................................     14        19         8
  Amortization of intangibles...............................      9         9         4
  Acquisition and other related costs.......................     --        (3)       14
                                                               ----      ----      ----
          Total operating costs and expenses................    100       102        70
                                                               ----      ----      ----
  Income (loss) from operations.............................    (20)      (20)       12
Interest and other income...................................      6         5         4
Interest and other expense..................................     (2)       (3)       (2)
Gain (loss) on investments, net.............................      3        (1)       --
                                                               ----      ----      ----
  Income (loss) before provision for income taxes and
     minority interest......................................    (13)      (19)       14
                                                               ----      ----      ----
Provision for income taxes..................................      1         4        10
                                                               ----      ----      ----
  Net income (loss) before minority interest................    (14)      (23)        4
                                                               ----      ----      ----
Minority interest...........................................      1        --        --
                                                               ----      ----      ----
  Net income (loss).........................................    (13)%     (23)%       4%
                                                               ====      ====      ====
</TABLE>

     Net Revenue. Net revenue increased 9% to $745.7 million in 2000 from $683.7
million in 1999, including a $22.4 million increase in revenue from McAfee.com.
Net revenue decreased 31% to $683.7 million in 1999 from $990.0 million in 1998,
including an $18.2 million increase in revenue from McAfee.com. The increase in
net revenue from 1999 to 2000 is due to increases in new customer purchases and
increases in customer renewals of product licenses, as well as continued
acceptance of our support services. In addition, the increase also reflects
positive results from our recent reorganization into four product groups, with
four separate sales groups focused on selling their respective products . The
overall increase in net revenue in 2000 occurred despite the adverse impact in
the fourth quarter of our decision to transition to a sell-through model, which
resulted in some of our distribution partners reducing their inventory levels,
as described below. The decrease in net revenue from 1998 to 1999 is due to our
decision to limit distributor orders in an effort to realign channel inventory
levels as a result of Year 2000 concerns and increasing sales cycles for our
products.

     In December 2000, in light of the business decision by some of our
distributors, including our largest distributor, to reduce inventory levels, and
due to the unpredictability of demand in the distribution channel, we began a
transition from a sell-in to a sell-through business model. Results reported for
the quarter and year ended December 31, 2000, include a significant reduction to
net revenue due to some our distribution partners' business decision to reduce
their inventory levels by not replenishing their inventory and requesting
returns
                                        34
<PAGE>   36

over and above their contractual rights.We expect to complete our transition to
the sell-through model in the first quarter of 2001.

     Product revenue includes revenue from product licenses and hardware.
Product revenue increased 7% to $505.9 million in 2000 from $474.1 million in
1999. Product revenue decreased 43% to $474.1 million in 1999 from $831.4
million in 1998. The increase in product revenue from 1999 to 2000 is due to
increases in new customer purchases and positive results from our recent
reorganization into four product groups, with four separate sales groups focused
on selling their respective products.

     Services and support revenues include revenues from software support and
maintenance contracts, education and consulting services, which are deferred and
recognized over the related service period. Service revenues increased 14% to
$239.8 million in 2000 from $209.6 million in 1999. Service revenue increased
32% to $209.6 million in 1999 from $158.7 million in 1998. The increase in
services and support revenues resulted from growth in all categories of service
revenues, principally due to the growth of our installed customer base and the
resulting renewal of support and maintenance contracts.

     Our future profitability and rate of growth, if any, will be directly
affected by increased price competition, a maturing anti-virus market and an
increasingly higher revenue base from which to grow. Our growth rate and net
revenue depend significantly on renewals of existing orders as well as expanding
our customer base. If our renewal rate or our pace of new customers slows, our
net revenues and operating results would be adversely affected.

     International revenue accounted for approximately 37%, 40%, and 36%, of net
revenue for 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively. The decrease in international
net revenue as a percentage of net revenue from 1999 to 2000 was due to under
performance in sales operations, changes in sales management, a slow down due to
softening market conditions, and continued weakness of the Euro. To minimize the
impact of foreign currency fluctuations, we use non-leveraged forward currency
contracts. However, our future results of operations may be adversely affected
by currency fluctuations or by costs associated with currency risk management
strategies. Other risks inherent in international revenue include the impact of
longer payment cycles, greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection,
unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, seasonality due to the slowdown
in European business activity during the third quarter, tariffs and other trade
barriers, uncertainties relative to regional economic circumstance, political
instability in emerging markets and difficulties staffing and managing foreign
operations. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our future
international license revenue. Further, in countries with a high incidence of
software piracy, we may experience a higher rate of piracy of our products.

     Cost of Net Revenue. Cost of net revenue increased 21% to $152.5 million in
2000 to $126.5 million in 1999, and decreased 29% from $177.0 million in 1998.
The increase in cost of net revenues from 1999 to 2000 was primarily due to the
increase in net revenue. From 1998 to 1999, the decrease in cost of net revenues
was primarily due to the decrease in net revenue.

     Our cost of product revenue consists primarily of the cost of media,
manuals and packaging for products distributed through traditional channels,
royalties, and with respect to hardware based Sniffer and E-ppliance products,
computer platforms and other hardware components. Cost of product revenues
increased 29% to $114.4 million in 2000 from $88.7 million in 1999. From 1998 to
1999, cost of product revenues decreased 35% from $137.4 million in 1998. The
increase in product cost of revenue from 1999 to 2000 was primarily due to an
increase in product revenues. The decrease in cost of product revenues from 1998
to 1999 was primarily due to a corresponding decrease in product revenues. As a
percentage of net product revenue, cost of product revenue was 23% in 2000, 19%
in 1999, and 17% in 1998.

     Cost of services and support revenue consists principally of salaries and
benefits related to employees providing customer support and consulting
services. In 2000, the cost of services and support revenue increased 1% to
$38.1 million from $37.7 million in 1999. From 1998 to 1999, cost of services
and support revenue decreased 5% to $37.7 million from $39.7 million in 1998.
Costs remained relatively flat in 1999 and 2000. Cost of services and support
revenue as a percentage of net services and support revenue was 16% in 2000, 18%
in 1999, and 25% in 1998.

                                        35
<PAGE>   37

     To the extent that the percentage of our net revenue, which is generated
through traditional distribution channels, increases, our cost of net revenue
will increase.* In future periods, we expect that cost of product revenue will
increase in absolute terms and as a percentage of net revenue in conjunction
with an expected increase in the number of hardware based products sold by us.*

     Research and Development. Research and development expenses consist
primarily of salary and benefits for our development and technical support
staff. Excluding the effects of stock-based compensation of $1.9 million and
$4.5 million in 2000 and 1999, respectively, research and development expenses
increased 16% to $171.6 million in 2000 from $148.2 million in 1999. Research
and development expenses increased from 1999 to 2000 due to the increase in
staffing and equipment expense to support growth in our product and service
offerings. From 1998 to 1999, excluding the effects of stock-based compensation
in 1999, research and development expenses increased 9% from $135.5 million.
These increases were primarily due to the increase in staffing and equipment
expense to support growth in our product and service offerings. As a percentage
of net revenue, research and development expenses were 23% in 2000, 22% in 1999,
and 14% in 1998. We anticipate that research and development expenses will
continue to increase in absolute dollars, but may fluctuate as a percentage of
net revenue.*

     We believe that our ability to maintain our competitiveness will depend in
large part upon our ability to enhance existing products, develop and acquire
new products and develop and integrate acquired products. The market for
computer software is characterized by low barriers to entry and rapid
technological change, and is highly competitive with respect to timely product
introductions. The timing and amount of research and development expenses may
vary significantly based upon the number of new products and significant
upgrades under development and products acquired during a given period.*

     Marketing and Sales. Marketing and sales expenses consist primarily of
salary, commissions and benefits for marketing, sales and customer support
personnel and costs associated with advertising and promotions. Excluding the
effects of stock-based compensation of $4.6 million and $7.2 million in 2000 and
1999, respectively, marketing and sales expenses increased 9% to $400.5 million
from $367.3 million in 1999. From 1998 to 1999, excluding the effect of
stock-based compensation in 1999, marketing and sales expenses increased 25%
from $294.8 million in 1998. These increases were primarily due to continued
investment in the marketing of our products and services, hiring and training of
our enterprise level sales force, and advertising and promotions for McAfee.com.
As a percentage of net revenue, marketing and sales expense was 54% in 2000, 55%
in 1999, and 30% in 1998. We anticipate that marketing and sales expenses will
continue to increase in absolute dollars, but will continue to fluctuate as a
percentage of net revenue.*

     General and Administrative. General and administrative expenses consist
principally of salary and benefit costs for administrative personnel and general
operating costs. Excluding the effect of stock-based compensation of $2.3
million and $3.9 million for 2000 and 1999, respectively, general and
administrative expenses decreased 21% to $98.1 million in 2000 from $124.7
million. In 1999, we recorded charges to cover $31.8 million in doubtful
accounts, the development of our E-commerce business systems, expansion of our
IT infrastructure and the implementation of our new SAP Human Resources module.
In 2000, we recorded a charge of $15.8 million for accounts receivable for which
collection is doubtful. From 1998 to 1999, excluding the effects of stock-based
compensation in 1999, general and administrative expenses increased 49% from
$83.9 million in 1998 for the above mentioned events. As a percentage of net
revenues, general and administrative expenses were 14%, 19%, and 8% in the years
ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

     We expensed $8.7 million and $15.6 million in 1999 and 2000, respectively.
Stock-based compensation charges relate to the repricing of employee stock
options and the issuance of McAfee.com stock options to our executives and
employees. We do not expect to incur charges related to these McAfee.com option
grants in

- ---------------

* This statement is forward looking statement reflecting current expectations.
  There can be no assurance that our actual performance will meet our current
  expectations. See "Risk Factors" discussion beginning on page 12 of this
  document.
                                        36
<PAGE>   38

the future. However, we do expect significant stock-based compensation charges
related to repriced employee stock options.

     On April 22, 1999, we offered to substantially all our employees, excluding
executive officers, the right to cancel certain outstanding stock options and
receive new options with exercise prices at the current fair value of the stock.
Options to purchase a total of 10.3 million shares were canceled and the same
number of new options were granted at an exercise price of $11.063, which was
based on the closing price of our common stock on April 22, 1999. The new
options vest at the same rate that they would have vested under previous option
plans. As a result, options to purchase approximately 3.4 million shares at
$11.063 were vested and outstanding at December 31, 2000.

     In accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25 "Accounting
for Stock Issued to Employees," we recorded an initial stock-based compensation
charge in connection with this repricing. This charge was calculated based on
the difference between the exercise price of the new options and their market
value on the date of acceptance by employees. Approximately $6.7 million were
expensed in the twelve months ended December 31, 2000, respectively.

     As a result of the introduction of FIN 44, stock options repriced by us on
April 22, 1999 are subject to variable plan accounting treatment from July 1,
2000. Accordingly, we have and will continue to remeasure compensation costs for
the repriced options until the options are exercised, forfeited or canceled
without replacement. The first valuation period began with the effective date of
FIN 44 which was July 1, 2000. The valuation has and will be based on any excess
of the closing stock price at the end of the reporting period or date of
exercise, forfeiture or cancellation without replacement, if earlier, over the
fair value of our common stock on July 1, 2000, which was $20.375. The resulting
compensation charge to earnings will be recorded over the remaining vesting
period, using the accelerated method of amortization discussed in FASB
Interpretation No. 28. When options are fully vested, the charge will be
recorded to earnings immediately. Depending upon movements in the market value
of our common stock, this accounting treatment may result in significant
additional compensation charges in future periods.

     In addition, variable plan accounting as described above, applies to
options issued to employees of McAfee.com and myCIO.com as a replacement for our
options which were subject to the repricing described above. As a result, we
will record variable charges based on the movements in the fair value of
McAfee.com and myCIO.com common stock from July 1, 2000.

     As a result, during 2000, we recorded a compensation charge to earnings of
approximately $2.0 million. As of December 31, 2000, we, McAfee.com and
myCIO.com had options, outstanding and subject to variable plan accounting,
amounting to 4.5 million, 0.1 million, and 0.3 million, respectively.

     Amortization of Intangibles. We expensed $66.3 million, $58.4 million, and
$43.2 million of amortization related to intangibles in the years ended December
31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Intangibles consist of purchased goodwill
and certain acquired technology. The increase in amortization in 2000 was
primarily a result of the amortization of the additions to goodwill related to
McAfee.com's acquisitions during 2000. In addition, in accordance with its
accounting policy our subsidiary, McAfee.com, performed a review of the carrying
of the goodwill associated with one of its acquisitions and recognized an
impairment charge of $3.6 million. The impairment charge was recorded as a
result of McAfee.com's year-end review of technology acquired in the year 2000
and an assessment of its future potential. McAfee.com determined that certain
storage technology purchased as part of the original acquisition was not to be
incorporated into future products as a result of the nonviable Internet
advertising business model. Accordingly the full carrying value of the
unamortized goodwill and purchased technology was written off. The increase in
amortization in 1999 related to a full year of amortization of intangibles that
resulted from the 1998 acquisitions of Magic Solutions, Inc., and CyberMedia.

                                        37
<PAGE>   39

ACQUISITION AND OTHER RELATED COSTS

     The following table is a summary of acquisitions by the Company in the
three years ended December 31, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     COMMON STOCK
                                                      ISSUED IN            PURCHASE PRICE OF
                                                 POOLING OF INTERESTS    PURCHASE TRANSACTIONS
                                                 --------------------    ---------------------
<S>                                              <C>                     <C>
2000
McAfee.com acquisitions........................                             $ 22.3 million
1999
- - none -
1998
Syscon.........................................        1,230 shares
Nordic.........................................       30,508 shares
Magic Solutions................................                             $140.3 million
TIS............................................    6,755,540 shares
Secure.........................................      567,000 shares
CSB............................................        9,815 shares
QA.............................................      305,557 shares
Anyware........................................      228,204 shares
Dr. Solomon's..................................   15,813,142 shares
CyberMedia.....................................                             $174.3 million
</TABLE>

PURCHASE COMBINATIONS

     McAfee.com completed two acquisitions for total consideration, including
the issuance of approximately 550,000 of its Class A common stock, valued at
approximately $22.3 million. The acquisitions were accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting and the total combined purchase price was
approximately $22.3 million, including transaction costs. McAfee.com analyzed
the intangible assets to determine whether any amount should be recorded as
in-process research and development, however McAfee.com determined that the
acquired technologies and products are largely dependent on the core technology
and that new versions are released frequently and contain incremental rather
than fundamental improvements. Based on this analysis $22.3 million was recorded
as goodwill and purchased technology, and is being amortized on a straight-line
basis over three years.

     In December 2000, in accordance with its accounting policy, McAfee.com,
performed a review of the carrying of the goodwill associated with one of it's
acquisitions and recognized an impairment charge of $3.6 million. McAfee.com
performed a review of the carrying value of the goodwill as it had been assessed
that McAfee.com would not use the technology purchased as part of the original
acquisition. Accordingly the full value of the unamortized goodwill was written
off. The historical operations of these acquisitions were not material to the
Company's financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

     Network Associates, Inc. made no acquisitions in 2000 and 1999.

     The following table summarizes the activity during the year ended December
31, 1999, in the reserves for acquisition and other costs established in the
second and third quarters of 1998 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         DIRECT                              ASSET
                                       TRANSACTION   SEVERANCE     LEASE     WRITE
                                          COSTS      & BENEFITS    COSTS     DOWNS     OTHER     TOTAL
                                       -----------   ----------   -------   -------   -------   --------
<S>                                    <C>           <C>          <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Balance, December 31, 1998...........    $ 9,900      $ 8,338     $ 5,508   $ 1,405   $ 2,144   $ 27,295
Paid out or charged against the
  related assets.....................     (5,712)      (1,549)       (804)     (140)     (104)    (8,309)
Adjustment to liability..............     (4,188)      (6,789)     (4,704)   (1,265)   (2,040)   (18,986)
                                         -------      -------     -------   -------   -------   --------
Balance, December 31, 1999...........    $     0      $     0     $     0   $     0   $     0   $      0
                                         =======      =======     =======   =======   =======   ========
</TABLE>

                                        38
<PAGE>   40

     For the year ended December 31, 1999, activity with respect to these
reserves consisted principally of the payment of accrued direct transaction
costs and severance benefits, and adjustments to remaining accruals. All
expenditures related to these accruals have been completed and the excess
reserves, $18,986,000, were credited to acquisition and related charges.

     The following table summarizes the activity during the year ended December
31, 1999, in the reserves for acquisition and other costs established in the
year ended December 31, 1997 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              DIRECT                            ASSET
                                            TRANSACTION   SEVERANCE    LEASE    WRITE
                                               COSTS      & BENEFITS   COSTS    DOWNS   OTHER    TOTAL
                                            -----------   ----------   ------   -----   -----   -------
<S>                                         <C>           <C>          <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>
Balance, December 31, 1998................     $ (36)       $ 539      $ (422)  $ 484   $ 374   $   939
Paid out or charged against the related
  assets..................................      (193)         (58)       (942)      0       0    (1,193)
Adjustment to liability...................       229         (481)      1,364    (484)   (374)      254
                                               -----        -----      ------   -----   -----   -------
Balance, December 31, 1999................     $   0        $   0      $    0   $   0   $   0   $     0
                                               =====        =====      ======   =====   =====   =======
</TABLE>

     For the year ended December 31, 1999, activity with respect to these
reserves consisted principally of expenditures related to accrued lease
termination costs and adjustments to remaining accruals. All expenditures
related to these accruals have been completed and an additional expense,
$254,000, was charged to acquisition and related charges.

     In connection with the acquisitions accounted for as poolings of interests,
we incurred direct transaction costs and other restructuring and related charges
in the amount of $85.8 million in the year ended December 31, 1998. In
connection with the acquisitions accounted for as purchase transactions, we
incurred charges of $49.8 million in the year ended December 31, 1998,
consisting principally of the write-off of acquired in-process research and
development. The following is a summary of these charges together with charges
for certain restructuring activities taken by us during the year ended December
31, 1998 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   LEASE COSTS
                                                                    AND ASSET
                                       DIRECT         SEVERANCE       WRITE      IN-PROCESS
                                  TRANSACTION COSTS   & BENEFITS      DOWNS         R&D       OTHER    TOTAL
                                  -----------------   ----------   -----------   ----------   -----   --------
<S>                               <C>                 <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>     <C>
TIS.............................       $15,023         $ 3,818       $ 4,414      $    --     $(924)  $ 22,331
Dr. Solomon's...................        19,898          11,425        18,312           --         0     49,635
Secure..........................           500             500         1,200           --       100      2,300
Magic...........................            --              --            --       27,014        --     27,014
CyberMedia......................            --              --            --       22,830        --     22,830
Restructuring Costs -- Q2.......            --          11,318         8,644           --       610     20,572
Restructuring Costs -- Q3.......            --           3,285           370           --        --      3,655
Reversal of excess reserves.....        (6,750)         (2,276)       (3,909)          --       214    (12,721)
                                       -------         -------       -------      -------     -----   --------
Total Charges...................       $28,671         $28,070       $29,031      $49,844     $  --   $135,616
                                       -------         -------       -------      -------     -----   --------
</TABLE>

     Direct transaction costs included $18.0 million in investment banking fees,
$9.2 million in legal and accounting fees, and $1.5 million in filing fees,
travel and other costs. Lease costs and asset write downs include the costs of
closing approximately 33 facilities throughout the world ($12.2 million), the
disposal of excess and obsolete assets (primarily computer equipment which did
not comply with our standards ($12.0 million), and the write-off of goodwill and
intangibles associated with discontinued Dr. Solomon's products ($4.8 million).
The Dr. Solomon's write-off related to two minor products which we discontinued
and which had no sales subsequent to the Dr. Solomon's acquisition.

     The severance and benefits charges related to company-wide reductions in
workforce following our major acquisitions in the second and third quarters of
1998 of approximately 784 employees of which 107 were in research and
development functions, 302 were in sales and marketing functions and the
remainder were in administrative and other support functions. Substantially all
terminated employees left our employment in the period the related accounting
charge was recorded. We retained a limited number of employees from each

                                        39
<PAGE>   41

acquisition for short transition periods. The cost of these employees was
charged to operating expenses during the transition period.

     The lease costs represent an estimate of lease expense during the period
prior to re-leasing the property together with losses on subleases, if any. The
leased facilities were substantially vacated in the period in which the related
accounting charges were recorded. The costs related to any facilities, which we
used during this period, were charged to operations. However, these charges were
not material. Asset write downs, exclusive of the intangible assets of Dr.
Solomon's described above, comprised $5.6 million in losses on company owned
buildings (which were written down to estimated values) and $10.3 million in net
losses of computer and other miscellaneous assets. In general, this equipment
was discarded or sold for nominal value. Due to the immediate consolidation of
facilities, depreciation allocable to these facilities and the related assets,
during the transition period, was not material. All the facilities acquired in
our 1998 acquisitions identified for closure have been disposed of or subleased
as of December 31, 1999.

     The in-process research and development costs comprise approximately $22.8
million and $27.0 million in connection with the acquisitions of CyberMedia in
the three months ended September 30, 1998 and Magic Solutions in the three
months ended June 30, 1998, respectively. The following is a summary of the
projects acquired and the assumptions used in determining the value of the
in-process research and development costs.

  CyberMedia:

     The ongoing projects at CyberMedia at the time of the purchase included
upgrade versions of four products (First Aid 6.0 and 7.0, UnInstaller 6.0, Guard
Dog 3.0, and Oil Change 3.0) as well as work on technologies to be used in two
of the our projects (a replacement product for PC Medic and McAfee Office).
These upgrades will include new interfaces with the Internet, enhanced use of
Active-X controls and Java and enhanced user interfaces. At the date we acquired
CyberMedia, we estimated that, on average, 42% of the development effort had
been completed and that the remaining 58% of the development effort would take
approximately 12 months to complete and would cost $2.7 million. The efforts
required to complete the development of these projects principally relate to
additional design efforts to integrate the technologies into our line of
products, finalization of coding, and completion of prototyping, verification,
and testing activities required to establish that products associated with the
technologies can be successfully introduced. The value of the in-process
technologies was determined by estimating the projected net cash flows related
to products, including costs to complete the development of the technologies or
products, and the future net revenues that may be earned from the products,
excluding the value attributed to integration with our products or that may have
been achieved due to efficiencies resulting from the combined sales force or the
use of our more effective distribution channel. In conformity with the SEC's
revised guidelines for accounting for in-process technologies, these cash flows
were discounted back to their net present value using a discount rate of 28%
(which represents a premium of approximately 5% over our average weighted cost
of capital) and excluding the value attributable to the use of the in-process
technologies in future products. As of December 31, 1999, the projects related
to this acquisition were completed.

  Magic Solutions:

     The ongoing projects at Magic Solutions at the time of the purchase
comprised an upgrade version of Support Magic 4.0, Magic Solutions current
product. This upgrade, known as Merlin Enterprise, represents new technologies
with significant enhanced functionality, including increased scalability, a
32-bit browser-based technology, an enhanced user interface and integrated
management features. At the date we acquired Magic Solutions, we estimated that,
on average, 80% of the development effort had been completed and that the
remaining 20% of the development effort would take approximately 12 months to
complete and would cost $1.8 million. The efforts required to complete the
development of these projects principally relate to additional design efforts to
integrate the technologies into our line of products, finalization of coding,
and completion of prototyping, verification, and testing activities required to
establish that products associated with the technologies can be successfully
introduced. The value of the in-process technologies was determined by
estimating the projected net cash flows related to products, including costs to
complete the development of the technologies or products, and the future net
revenues that may be earned from the products, excluding the value attributed to
                                        40
<PAGE>   42

integration with our products or that may have been achieved due to efficiencies
resulting from the combined sales force or the use of the our more effective
distribution channel. In conformity with the SEC's revised guidelines for
accounting for in-process technologies, these cash flows were discounted back to
their net present value using a discount rate of 28% (which represents a premium
of approximately 5% over our average weighted cost of capital) and excluding the
value attributable to the use of the in-process technologies in future products.
As of December 31, 1999, the projects related to this acquisition were
completed.

     Interest and Other Income. Interest and miscellaneous income increased to
$42.0 million in 2000 from $30.7 million in 1999 and decreased from $33.3
million in 1998. Interest and other income increased from 1999 to 2000 due to an
increase in higher average cash balances invested at slightly higher interest
rates. From 1998 to 1999, interest income decreased due to the reduced cash
balances resulting from the acquisitions of Magic and CyberMedia and cash used
to fund operating activities during the year.

     Interest and Other Expense. Interest and other expense increased to $18.2
million in 2000 from $17.3 million in 1999 and from $15.2 million in 1998.
Interest and other expense remained flat in 2000. Interest and other expense
remained relatively flat from 1998 to 1999.

     Gain (Loss) on Investments. In 2000, we recognized a total gain of $30.4
million on the sale of our venture and strategic investments, including a gain
on the sale of shares of Network Associates Japan, amounting to $11.9 million.
This gain is offset by a $10.0 million charge in the fourth quarter of 2000
related to an other than temporary decline in the value of certain of our
venture and strategic investments. This decline was based on the likelihood that
the related company would have insufficient cash flows to operate for the next
twelve months. In 1999 and 1998, we recognized a loss of $3.6 million and a gain
of $0.2 million, respectively from sale of marketable securities. Additionally,
we recognized a loss of $2.5 million on the liquidation of our Direct Web
investment.

     Provision for Income Taxes. Our provision for income taxes was $9.9
million, $29.2 million, and $101.7 million in 2000, 1999, and 1998,
respectively. Our effective tax rate for 2000, 1999, and 1998 was 10%, 22%, and
74%, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate from 1999 to 2000 was
primarily attributable to a decrease in non-deductible acquisition related
expenses, and a decrease in foreign earnings subject to taxation in foreign
jurisdictions. The decrease in the effective tax rate from 1998 to 1999 was
primarily due to the losses incurred in 1999, and a decrease in non-deductible
acquisition related expenses.

     The valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets increased from 1999 to
2000, as well as, from 1998 to 1999. The increase was due to increased
uncertainty of the Company's ability to utilize certain deferred tax assets
primarily foreign tax credits.

     If we cease to own at least 80% of McAfee.com's outstanding common stock,
we may be required to include in our consolidated federal taxable income an
amount equal to the excess of the cumulative McAfee.com net operating losses
absorbed in our prior year consolidated tax returns over our tax basis in
McAfee.com. As of December 31, 2000, there were no excess amounts.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     At December 31, 2000, we had $275.5 million in cash and cash equivalents
and $418.6 million in marketable securities, for a combined total of $694.1
million.

     Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities was $26.7 million,
$(18.1) million and $94.0 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Net cash
provided by operating activities in 2000 consisted primarily of net loss before
depreciation and amortization, bad debt expense, stock-based compensation
charge, and interest on our debentures offset by deferred taxes and gain on sale
of investments. In addition, there were decreases in accounts receivable and
increases in accounts payable, accrued liabilities and deferred revenue, which
amounts were offset by an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets. Net
cash used in operating activities in 1999 consisted primarily of net loss before
depreciation and amortization, bad debt expense, stock-based compensation
charge, interest on our debentures, realized loss on investments, and deferred
taxes. In addition, there were decreases in accounts receivable, prepaid
expenses and other assets, and an increase in accounts payable and accrued
liabilities, which amounts were offset by a decrease in deferred revenue. Net
                                        41
<PAGE>   43

cash provided by operating activities in 1998 consisted primarily of net income
before acquired in-process research and development, depreciation and
amortization and interest on our debentures as well as an increase in deferred
revenue and the tax benefit from exercise of non-qualified stock options.
Increases in accounts receivable and prepaid and other assets and decreases in
accounts payable and accrued liabilities offset these factors.

     Our accounts receivable balance as a percentage of sales may increase due
to our increased emphasis on server/enterprise based sales and expanding
international sales, both of which typically have longer payment terms.
Additionally, our receivable collection has become more dependent on the longer
payment cycle for VARs, distributors and system integrators. To address this
increase in accounts receivable and to improve cash flow, we may from time to
time take actions to encourage earlier payment of receivables and sell
receivables. To the extent that our accounts receivable balance increases, we
will be subject to greater general credit risks with respect thereto.

     Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was $10.4 million,
$(173.8) million and $(316.8) million in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively,
primarily reflecting purchases of marketable securities and additions to fixed
assets. In 2000, we obtained proceeds of $36.8 million and $11.9 million from
our sale of Goto.com shares and the sale of less than 5% of the shares of our
Japanese subsidiary, Network Associates Japan, respectively.

     Net cash used in financing activities was $(39.4) million in 2000
consisting primarily of the repurchase of our common stock which represented
approximately $100.4 million. The repurchases of our common stock were slightly
offset by proceeds associated with the exercise of non qualified stock options
and the sale of put options. Net cash provided by financing activities was $96.6
million in 1999 consisting primarily of the proceeds from McAfee.com's initial
public offering as well as proceeds associated with the exercise of non-
qualified stock options. Net cash provided by financing activities was $489.8
million in 1998 and consisted primarily of the proceeds associated the issuance
on the debentures noted above together with proceeds from the exercise of
non-qualified stock options.

     As discussed above, in December 2000, in light of the business decision by
some of our distributors, including our largest distributor, to reduce inventory
levels and due to the unpredictability of demand in the distribution channel, we
began a transition from a sell-in to a sell-through business model. We expect
that our transition to the sell-through model will be completed in the first
quarter of 2001. In addition, some of our distributors are experiencing
financial difficulties worldwide. These factors may adversely impact our
collection of accounts receivable from our distributors in 2001.

     In February 2001, we settled all outstanding put options for a payment of
approximately $53.8 million.

     As discussed below, in February 2003 we may be required to use a
significant portion of our cash balances to redeem our outstanding zero coupon
debentures.

     We believe that our available cash and anticipated cash flow from
operations will be sufficient to fund our working capital and capital
expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months.*

EURO

     On January 1, 1999, the "Euro" was introduced. On that day, the exchange
ratios of the currencies of the eleven countries participating in the first
phase of the European Economic and Monetary Union were fixed. The Euro became a
currency in its own right and the currencies of the participating countries,
while continuing to exist for a three-year transition period, are now fixed
denominations of the Euro. The conversion to the Euro will have significant
effects on the foreign exchange markets and bond markets and is requiring
significant changes in the operations and systems within the European banking
industry. Our information

- ---------------

* This statement is forward looking statement reflecting current expectations.
  There can be no assurance that our actual performance will meet our current
  expectations. See "Risk Factors" discussion beginning on page 12 of this
  document.
                                        42
<PAGE>   44

system is designed to accommodate multi-currency environments. As a result, we
have the flexibility to transact business with vendors and customers in either
Euro or traditional national currency units.

FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

     The following discussion about our risk management activities includes
"forward-looking statements" that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual
results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements.

     As a global concern, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign
currency exchange rates. These exposures may change over time as business
practices evolve and could have a material adverse impact on our financial
results. Historically, our primary exposures related to nondollar-denominated
sales and operating expenses in Japan, Canada, Australia, Europe, Latin America,
and Asia. We have recently expanded our business activities in Europe. As a
result, we expect to see an increase in exposures related to nondollar-
denominated sales in several European currencies. At the present time, we hedge
only those currency exposures associated with certain assets and liabilities
denominated in nonfunctional currencies and do not generally hedge anticipated
foreign currency cash flows. Our hedging activity is intended to offset the
impact of currency fluctuations on certain nonfunctional currency assets and
liabilities. The success of this activity depends upon estimates of transaction
activity denominated in various currencies, primarily the Euro, Japanese yen,
Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, and certain European currencies. To the
extent that these estimates are overstated or understated during periods of
currency volatility, we could experience unanticipated currency gains or losses.

     We maintain investment portfolio holdings of various issuers, types and
maturities. These securities are classified as available-for-sale, and
consequently are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value with unrealized
gains and losses reported as a separate component of accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss). These securities are not leveraged and are held for
purposes other than trading.

     We also maintain minority investments in non-publicly traded companies.
These investments amounting to $18 million are carried at cost less reductions
for other-than-temporary impairments. Reasons for reductions for
other-than-temporary impairments include but are not limited to, decline in
value as if the related company would have insufficient cash flow to operate for
the next twelve months.

     The following tables present the hypothetical changes in fair values in the
securities held at December 31, 2000 that are sensitive to the changes in
interest rates. The modeling technique used measures the change in fair values
arising from hypothetical parallel shifts in the yield curve of plus or minus 50
basis points (BPS), 100 BPS and 150 BPS over six and twelve-month time horizons.
Beginning fair values represent the market principal plus accrued interest and
dividends at December 31, 2000. Ending fair values are the market principal plus
accrued interest, dividends and reinvestment income at six and twelve month time
horizons.

     The following table estimates the fair value of the portfolio at a
six-month time horizon (in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      VALUATION OF SECURITIES                     VALUATION OF SECURITIES
                                       GIVEN AN INTEREST RATE         NO          GIVEN AN INTEREST RATE
                                     DECREASE OF X BASIS POINTS     CHANGE      INCREASE OF X BASIS POINTS
                                     --------------------------   IN INTEREST   ---------------------------
              ISSUER                 150 BPS   100 BPS   50 BPS      RATE       50 BPS    100 BPS   150 BPS
              ------                 -------   -------   ------   -----------   -------   -------   -------
<S>                                  <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>           <C>       <C>       <C>
U.S. Government notes and bonds....  $194.2    $193.3    $192.4     $191.6      $190.7    $189.8    $189.0
Municipal notes and bonds..........    35.7      35.8      35.9       35.9        35.9      36.0      36.1
Corporate notes, bonds and
  preferreds.......................   359.5     359.2     358.8      358.4       358.2     357.9     357.6
                                     ------    ------    ------     ------      ------    ------    ------
          Total....................  $589.4    $588.3    $587.1     $585.9      $584.8    $583.7    $582.7
                                     ======    ======    ======     ======      ======    ======    ======
</TABLE>

                                        43
<PAGE>   45

     The following table estimates the fair value of the portfolio at a
twelve-month time horizon (in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      VALUATION OF SECURITIES                     VALUATION OF SECURITIES
                                       GIVEN AN INTEREST RATE         NO          GIVEN AN INTEREST RATE
                                     DECREASE OF X BASIS POINTS     CHANGE      INCREASE OF X BASIS POINTS
                                     --------------------------   IN INTEREST   ---------------------------
              ISSUER                 150 BPS   100 BPS   50 BPS      RATE       50 BPS    100 BPS   150 BPS
              ------                 -------   -------   ------   -----------   -------   -------   -------
<S>                                  <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>           <C>       <C>       <C>
U.S. Government notes and bonds....  $198.8    $198.0    $197.1     $196.2      $194.8    $194.5    $194.3
Municipal notes and bonds..........    36.7      36.7      36.8       36.8        36.8      36.9      37.1
Corporate notes, bonds and
  preferreds.......................   363.4     363.2     362.9      362.6       362.1     362.0     361.8
                                     ------    ------    ------     ------      ------    ------    ------
          Total....................  $598.9    $597.9    $596.8     $595.6      $593.7    $593.4    $593.2
                                     ======    ======    ======     ======      ======    ======    ======
</TABLE>

CONVERTIBLE DEBT

     On February 13, 1998, we completed a private placement of our Zero Coupon
Convertible Subordinated Debentures due in 2018. The debentures, with an
aggregate face amount at maturity of $885.5 million, generated net proceeds to
us of approximately $337.6 million (after deducting the fee paid to the initial
purchaser of our debentures, but no other expenses of the placement). The
initial price to the public for our debentures was $391.06 per $1,000 of face
amount at maturity, which equates to a yield to maturity over the term of the
bonds of 4.75% (on a semi-annual bond equivalent basis). The debentures are
convertible into common stock at the rate of 8.538 shares per $1,000 of face
amount at maturity, which equates to an initial conversion price of $45.80 per
share. The debentures are subordinated in right of payment to all existing and
future Senior Indebtedness (as defined in the related indenture) and effectively
subordinated in right of payment to all indebtedness and other liabilities of
our subsidiaries. The debentures may be redeemed for cash at our option
beginning on February 13, 2003. At the option of the holder, we will purchase
the debentures as of February 13, 2003, February 13, 2008 and February 13, 2013
at purchase prices (to be paid in cash or common stock or any combination
thereof and subject to certain conditions) equal to the initial issue price plus
the accretion of the discount on the debentures to such dates. The debentures
may also be redeemed at the option of the holder if there is a Fundamental
Change (as defined in the related indenture) at a price equal to the issue price
plus the accretion of the discount on the debentures to the date of redemption,
subject to adjustment.

     Assuming that as of February 13, 2003 all debenture holders require that we
redeem their debentures, we would be required to pay an aggregate redemption
price in cash and/or shares of common stock equal to approximately $437.9
million. The number of shares, if any, issued in connection with any redemption
will be based on the fair value of our common stock at the time of redemption.

QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS (UNAUDITED)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            THREE MONTHS ENDED
                            ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            DECEMBER 31,   SEPTEMBER 30,   JUNE 30,   MARCH 31,   DECEMBER 31,   SEPTEMBER 30,
                                2000           2000          2000       2000          1999           1999
                            ------------   -------------   --------   ---------   ------------   -------------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                         <C>            <C>             <C>        <C>         <C>            <C>
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
  AND OTHER DATA:
  Net revenues............   $  58,827       $238,737      $233,672   $214,456      $218,079       $195,201
  Gross Margin............      15,609        199,739       195,597    182,213       183,758        161,864
  Income (loss) from
    operations............    (187,301)        10,720        16,147      8,467        11,204           (828)
  Income (loss) before
    provision for income
    taxes and minority
    interest..............    (189,763)        16,456        22,114     53,442        13,024          1,081
  Net income (loss).......    (147,224)         4,079        11,399     29,025         9,884           (241)
  Diluted earnings (loss)
    per share.............   $   (1.07)      $   0.03      $   0.08   $   0.21      $   0.07       $  (0.00)
  Shares used in per share
 calculation -- diluted...     137,857        140,989       142,238    144,372       143,783        139,038

<CAPTION>
                             THREE MONTHS ENDED
                            ---------------------
                            JUNE 30,    MARCH 31,
                              1999        1999
                            ---------   ---------

<S>                         <C>         <C>
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
  AND OTHER DATA:
  Net revenues............  $  25,196   $245,192
  Gross Margin............      1,642    209,949
  Income (loss) from
    operations............   (192,803)    44,228
  Income (loss) before
    provision for income
    taxes and minority
    interest..............   (190,905)    45,802
  Net income (loss).......   (195,785)    26,241
  Diluted earnings (loss)
    per share.............  $   (1.41)  $   0.18
  Shares used in per share
 calculation -- diluted...    138,478    142,607
</TABLE>

                                        44
<PAGE>   46

     We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our financial results
should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. For example,
in the fourth quarter of 2000, our revenue decreased 73% from the fourth quarter
of 1999 due to some of our distribution partners' business decision to reduce
their inventory levels by not replenishing their inventory and requesting
returns over and above their contractual rights.

     Our revenues and results of operations have been subject to significant
fluctuations, particularly on a quarterly basis, and our revenues and results of
operations could fluctuate significantly quarter to quarter and year to year.
Causes of such fluctuations may include the volume and timing of new orders and
renewals, the sales cycle for our products, the introduction of new products,
distributor inventory levels and return rates, inventory levels, product
upgrades or updates by us or our competitors, changes in product mix, changes in
product prices and pricing models, seasonality, trends in the computer industry,
general economic conditions (such as the recent economic slowdown),
extraordinary events such as acquisitions or litigation and the occurrence of
unexpected events.

     Significant quarterly fluctuations in revenues will cause significant
fluctuations in our cash flows and the cash and cash equivalents, accounts
receivable and deferred revenue accounts on our balance sheet. In addition, the
operating results of many software companies reflect seasonal trends, and our
business, financial condition and results of operations may be affected by such
trends in the future. These trends may include higher net revenue in the fourth
quarter as many customers complete annual budgetary cycles, and lower net
revenue in the summer months when many businesses experience lower sales,
particularly in the European market.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

     Quantitative and qualitative disclosure about market risk is set forth at
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" under Item 6.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     Our Financial Statements and supplementary data required by this item are
set forth at the pages indicated at Item 14(a). The quarterly operating results
have been included at Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis."

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     Not applicable.

                                        45
<PAGE>   47

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The information required hereunder is incorporated by reference from our
Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our annual meeting of
stockholders to be held on May 24, 2001.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The information required hereunder is incorporated by reference from our
Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our annual meeting of
stockholders to be held on May 24, 2001.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     The information required hereunder is incorporated by reference from our
Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our annual meeting of
stockholders to be held on May 24, 2001.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The information required hereunder is incorporated by reference from our
Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our annual meeting of
stockholders to be held on May 24, 2001.

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     (a)(1) Financial Statements:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               PAGE
                                                              NUMBER
                                                              ------
<S>                                                           <C>
Report of Independent Accountants...........................    47
Consolidated Balance Sheets:
  December 31, 2000, and 1999...............................    48
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
  Income (loss):
  Years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998.............    49
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity:
  December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998..........................    50
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:
  December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998.........................    51
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..................    52
</TABLE>

 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedule

     The following financial statement schedule of Networks Associates, Inc. for
the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, 1998 is filed as part of this Form 10-K
and should be read in conjunction with Networks Associates, Inc's Consolidated
Financial Statements.

<TABLE>
<S>                                                           <C>
Report of Independent Accountants...........................  S-1
Schedule II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts............  S-2
</TABLE>

     Schedules not listed above have been omitted because they are not
applicable or are not required or because the required information is included
in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto.

     (a)(3) Exhibits: See Index to Exhibits on Page 81. The Exhibits listed on
the accompanying Index of Exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as
part of this report.

     (b) Reports on Form 8-K:

                                        46
<PAGE>   48

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Networks Associates, Inc.
Santa Clara, California

     In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the
related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss),
stockholders' equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Networks Associates, Inc. and its subsidiaries at
December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999, and the results of their operations and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in
accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America, which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

San Jose, California
January 24, 2001

                                        47
<PAGE>   49

                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                       (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)

                                     ASSETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    DECEMBER 31,
                                                              ------------------------
                                                                 2000          1999
                                                              ----------    ----------
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.................................  $  275,539    $  316,784
  Short-term marketable securities..........................      85,721        72,135
  Accounts receivable, net..................................     122,315       174,646
Prepaid expenses, income taxes and other current assets.....      50,346        33,038
Deferred taxes..............................................      86,771        79,186
                                                              ----------    ----------
          Total current assets..............................     620,692       675,789
Long-term marketable securities.............................     332,893       397,447
Fixed assets, net...........................................      75,499        45,392
Deferred taxes..............................................     113,489        93,904
Intangible and other assets.................................     242,275       266,862
                                                              ----------    ----------
          Total assets......................................  $1,384,848    $1,479,394
                                                              ==========    ==========

                                     LIABILITIES
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable..........................................  $   46,816    $   13,723
  Accrued liabilities.......................................     225,317       253,062
  Deferred revenue..........................................     151,566       123,236
  Notes payable.............................................          --           103
                                                              ----------    ----------
          Total current liabilities.........................     423,699       390,124
Deferred taxes..............................................       7,971        10,575
Deferred revenue, less current portion......................      26,592        30,005
Convertible debentures......................................     395,969       378,304
Other long term liabilities.................................         899           963
                                                              ----------    ----------
          Total liabilities.................................     855,130       809,971
                                                              ----------    ----------
Commitments and contingencies (Notes 7 and 15)
Minority Interest...........................................      11,067         9,317

                                 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Preferred stock, $.01 par value:
  Authorized: 5,000,000 shares; Issued and outstanding: none
     in 2000 and none in 1999
Common stock, $.01 par value:
  Authorized: 300,000,000 shares; Issued: 139,328,528 shares
     in 2000 and 139,328,528 shares in 1999; Outstanding:
     138,089,775 shares in 2000 and 138,734,528 shares in
     1999...................................................       1,381         1,387
Treasury stock, at cost: 1,238,753 shares in 2000 and
  594,000 shares in 1999....................................     (23,186)      (11,023)
Additional paid-in capital..................................     685,423       644,821
Accumulated other comprehensive loss........................     (31,266)       (9,957)
Retained earnings (accumulated deficit).....................    (113,701)       34,878
                                                              ----------    ----------
          Total stockholders' equity........................     518,651       660,106
                                                              ----------    ----------
          Total liabilities, minority interest and
            stockholders' equity............................  $1,384,848    $1,479,394
                                                              ==========    ==========
</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.
                                        48
<PAGE>   50

                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
                          COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                           ----------------------------------
                                                             2000         1999         1998
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
<S>                                                        <C>          <C>          <C>
Net revenue:
  Product................................................  $ 505,914    $ 474,097    $831,363
  Services and support...................................    239,778      209,571     158,682
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
          Total revenue..................................    745,692      683,668     990,045
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
Cost of net revenue:
  Product................................................    114,394       88,729     137,374
  Services and support...................................     38,140       37,726      39,674
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
          Total cost of net revenue......................    152,534      126,455     177,048
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
Operating costs and expenses:
  Research and development(1)............................    173,468      152,728     135,475
  Marketing and sales(2).................................    405,024      374,454     294,812
  General and administrative(3)..........................    100,351      128,562      83,946
  Amortization of intangibles............................     66,282       58,400      43,182
  Acquisition and other related costs....................         --      (18,732)    135,616
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
          Total operating costs and expenses.............    745,125      695,412     693,031
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
          Income (loss) from operations..................   (151,967)    (138,199)    119,966
Interest and other income................................     42,036       30,691      33,257
Interest and other expense...............................    (18,181)     (17,345)    (15,246)
Gain (loss) on investments, net..........................     30,361       (6,145)        190
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
          Income (loss) before provision for income taxes
            and minority interest........................    (97,751)    (130,998)    138,167
Provision for income taxes...............................      9,924       29,243     101,729
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
          Net income (loss) before minority interest.....   (107,675)    (160,241)     36,438
Minority interest in loss of consolidated subsidiaries...      4,954          340          --
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
          Net income (loss)..............................  $(102,721)   $(159,901)   $ 36,438
                                                           =========    =========    ========
Other comprehensive income (loss):
  Unrealized gain (loss) on investments..................  $   2,654    $  (1,610)   $  1,793
  Foreign currency translation loss......................    (23,963)      (6,813)     (5,101)
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
Comprehensive income (loss)..............................  $(124,030)   $(168,324)   $ 33,130
                                                           =========    =========    ========
Net income (loss) per share -- basic.....................  $   (0.74)   $   (1.15)   $   0.27
                                                           =========    =========    ========
Shares used in per share calculation -- basic............    138,072      138,695     133,075
                                                           =========    =========    ========
Net income (loss) per share -- diluted...................  $   (0.74)   $   (1.15)   $   0.26
                                                           =========    =========    ========
Shares used in per share calculation -- diluted..........    138,072      138,695     138,609
                                                           =========    =========    ========
</TABLE>

- ---------------
(1) Includes stock-based compensation charge of $1,894 and $4,515 and none for
    the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.

(2) Includes stock-based compensation charge of $4,570 and $7,162 and none for
    the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.

(3) Includes stock-based compensation charge of $2,250 and $3,893 and none for
    the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.
                                        49
<PAGE>   51

                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  ACCUMULATED
                                                                                                     OTHER         RETAINED
                                        COMMON STOCK                 ADDITIONAL     DEFERRED     COMPREHENSIVE     EARNINGS
                                      ----------------   TREASURY     PAID-IN        STOCK          INCOME/      (ACCUMULATED
                                      SHARES    AMOUNT     STOCK      CAPITAL     COMPENSATION      (LOSS)         DEFICIT)
                                      -------   ------   ---------   ----------   ------------   -------------   ------------
<S>                                   <C>       <C>      <C>         <C>          <C>            <C>             <C>
Balances, December 31, 1997.........  128,059   $1,281          --    $331,409       $(668)        $  1,778       $ 158,701
  Issuance of common stock upon
    exercise of stock options.......    8,560      86           --     144,646          --               --              --
  Issuance of common stock from
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan....      445       4           --       6,363          --               --              --
  Tax benefit from exercise of
    nonqualified stock options......       --      --           --      43,500          --               --              --
  Foreign currency translation......       --      --           --          --          --           (5,105)             --
  Unrealized gain on investments....       --      --           --          --          --            1,793              --
  Amortization of deferred
    stock-based compensation........       --      --           --          --         668               --              --
  Exercise of warrants..............       59      --           --       1,944          --               --              --
  Net income........................       --      --           --          --          --               --          36,438
                                      -------   ------   ---------    --------       -----         --------       ---------
Balances, December 31, 1998.........  137,123   1,371           --     527,862          --           (1,534)        195,139
  Issuance of common stock upon
    exercise of stock options.......    1,196      12        1,414      17,471          --               --            (360)
  Issuance of common stock from
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan....      578       6           --       8,929          --               --              --
  Repurchase of common stock........     (685)     (7)     (12,437)         --          --               --              --
  FSA conversion of preferred stock
    to common stock.................      438       4           --          --          --               --              --
  Exercise of warrants..............       85       1           --         458          --               --              --
  Proceeds from sale of put
    options.........................                                     5,250
  Compensation charge due to
    repricing of stock options and
    McAfee.com options..............       --      --           --      15,570          --               --              --
  Capital contributed by minority
    stockholders of subsidiary......       --      --           --      69,281          --               --              --
  Foreign currency translation......       --      --           --          --          --           (6,813)             --
  Unrealized loss on investments....       --      --           --          --          --           (1,610)             --
  Net loss..........................       --      --           --          --          --               --        (159,901)
                                      -------   ------   ---------    --------       -----         --------       ---------
Balances, December 31, 1999.........  138,735   $1,387   $ (11,023)   $644,821          --           (9,957)         34,878
  Issuance of common stock upon
    exercise of stock options.......    3,036      30       72,054       2,837          --               --         (39,788)
  Issuance of common stock from
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan....      666       7       16,156       1,322          --               --          (6,070)
  Repurchase of common stock........   (4,347)    (43)    (100,373)         --          --               --              --
  Proceeds from sale of put
    options.........................       --      --           --      13,890          --               --              --
  Compensation charge due to
    repricing of stock options and
    McAfee.com options..............       --      --           --       8,714          --               --              --
  Capital contributed by minority
    stockholders of subsidiary
    and other.......................       --      --           --      13,839          --               --              --
  Foreign currency translation......       --      --           --          --          --          (23,963)             --
  Unrealized gain on investments....       --      --           --          --          --            2,654              --
  Net loss..........................       --      --           --          --          --               --        (102,721)
                                      -------   ------   ---------    --------       -----         --------       ---------
Balances, December 31, 2000.........  138,090   $1,381   $ (23,186)   $685,423       $  --         $(31,266)      $(113,701)
                                      =======   ======   =========    ========       =====         ========       =========

<CAPTION>

                                          TOTAL
                                      STOCKHOLDER'S
                                         EQUITY
                                      -------------
<S>                                   <C>
Balances, December 31, 1997.........    $ 492,501
  Issuance of common stock upon
    exercise of stock options.......      144,732
  Issuance of common stock from
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan....        6,367
  Tax benefit from exercise of
    nonqualified stock options......       43,500
  Foreign currency translation......       (5,105)
  Unrealized gain on investments....        1,793
  Amortization of deferred
    stock-based compensation........          668
  Exercise of warrants..............        1,944
  Net income........................       36,438
                                        ---------
Balances, December 31, 1998.........      722,838
  Issuance of common stock upon
    exercise of stock options.......       18,537
  Issuance of common stock from
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan....        8,935
  Repurchase of common stock........      (12,444)
  FSA conversion of preferred stock
    to common stock.................            4
  Exercise of warrants..............          459
  Proceeds from sale of put
    options.........................        5,250
  Compensation charge due to
    repricing of stock options and
    McAfee.com options..............       15,570
  Capital contributed by minority
    stockholders of subsidiary......       69,281
  Foreign currency translation......       (6,813)
  Unrealized loss on investments....       (1,610)
  Net loss..........................     (159,901)
                                        ---------
Balances, December 31, 1999.........      660,106
  Issuance of common stock upon
    exercise of stock options.......       35,133
  Issuance of common stock from
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan....       11,415
  Repurchase of common stock........     (100,416)
  Proceeds from sale of put
    options.........................       13,890
  Compensation charge due to
    repricing of stock options and
    McAfee.com options..............        8,714
  Capital contributed by minority
    stockholders of subsidiary
    and other.......................       13,839
  Foreign currency translation......      (23,963)
  Unrealized gain on investments....        2,654
  Net loss..........................     (102,721)
                                        ---------
Balances, December 31, 2000.........    $ 518,651
                                        =========
</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.
                                        50
<PAGE>   52

                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              -------------------------------------
                                                                2000         1999          1998
                                                              ---------   -----------   -----------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>           <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income (loss).........................................  $(102,721)  $  (159,901)  $    36,438
  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
    Provided by operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization...........................     90,096        81,492        75,335
    Bad debt expense........................................     15,784        44,809        11,253
    Impairment of strategic investments and goodwill........     13,639            --            --
    Interest on convertible notes...........................     18,169        17,332        14,525
    Stock-based compensation charge.........................      8,714        15,570            --
    Deferred taxes..........................................    (31,016)      (71,444)      (47,266)
    Realized (Gain)/Loss on investments.....................        137         6,145          (190)
    Gain on the sale of Goto.com investment.................    (28,551)           --            --
    Gain on the sale of Network Associates Japan
     investment.............................................    (11,947)           --            --
    Minority Interest.......................................     (4,954)         (340)           --
    Tax benefit from exercise of nonqualified stock
     options................................................         --            --        43,500
    Acquired in-process research and development............         --            --        49,843
    Write down of owned facility............................         --            --         1,177
    Changes in assets and liabilities:
      Accounts receivable...................................     30,522        41,329      (109,029)
      Prepaid expenses, taxes and other.....................    (11,723)       22,650       (28,627)
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities..............     10,432        23,635        (2,300)
      Deferred revenue......................................     30,091       (39,357)       49,324
                                                              ---------   -----------   -----------
        Net cash provided by (used in) operating
        activities..........................................     26,672       (18,080)       93,983
                                                              ---------   -----------   -----------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchase of marketable securities.........................   (510,247)     (393,363)     (854,001)
  Sale of marketable securities.............................    562,132       233,499       801,776
  Purchase of acquired technology...........................    (12,500)           --            --
  Purchase of other investments.............................    (21,650)           --            --
  Purchase of fixed assets..................................    (54,031)      (20,458)      (34,940)
  Proceeds from sale of Goto.com investment.................     36,750            --            --
  Proceeds from sale of fixed assets........................         --         6,518            --
  Proceeds from sale of Network Associates Japan
    investment..............................................     11,947            --            --
  Acquisition of CyberMedia.................................         --            --      (119,958)
  Acquisition of Magic......................................         --            --      (109,717)
  Other.....................................................     (1,958)           --            --
                                                              ---------   -----------   -----------
        Net cash provided by (used in) investing
        activities..........................................     10,443      (173,804)     (316,840)
                                                              ---------   -----------   -----------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Repayment of notes payable................................       (367)       (3,085)         (837)
  Issuance of common stock under stock option and purchase
    plans...................................................     46,548        27,471       151,099
  Proceeds from sale of put options.........................     13,890         5,250            --
  Repurchase of common stock................................   (100,416)      (12,443)           --
  Proceeds of McAfee.com initial public offering, net.......         --        78,945            --
  Change in minority interest and other.....................        942            --            --
  Issuance of convertible debentures, net of issuance
    costs...................................................         --            --       337,624
  Exercise of warrants......................................         --           459         1,944
                                                              ---------   -----------   -----------
        Net cash provided by (used in) financing
        activities..........................................    (39,403)       96,597       489,830
                                                              ---------   -----------   -----------
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
    equivalent..............................................    (38,957)       (6,828)       (5,105)
                                                              ---------   -----------   -----------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents........    (41,245)     (102,115)      261,868
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year..............    316,784       418,899       157,031
                                                              ---------   -----------   -----------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year....................  $ 275,539   $   316,784   $   418,899
                                                              =========   ===========   ===========
Non cash investing activities:
  Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable investments..........  $   2,654        (1,610)        1,793
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Cash paid during the year for income taxes..................  $  47,541   $    32,318   $    68,466
                                                              =========   ===========   ===========
Cash paid during the year for interest......................  $      12   $        13   $       721
                                                              =========   ===========   ===========
</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.
                                        51
<PAGE>   53

                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 1. ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS

     Networks Associates, Inc. and its majority owned subsidiaries (the
"Company") formerly McAfee Associates, Inc., develops, markets, distributes and
supports network security and network management software products. The
Company's markets are worldwide and include corporate, governmental, and
institutional users as well as resellers and distributors throughout the world.
International sales and support are provided by subsidiaries in principal
European markets and independent agents and distributors elsewhere
internationally. The Company changed its name to Networks Associates, Inc. in
connection with the combination of McAfee Associates and Network General, in
December 1997.

 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

  Basis of Presentation

     The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
the Company and majority owned subsidiaries, including McAfee.com. All
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Certain
reclassifications have been made to the prior year's financial statements to
conform to the current year's presentation. These reclassifications had no
effect on the prior year's stockholders' equity or results of operations.

  Minority Interest

     Minority interest in loss of consolidated subsidiaries represents the
minority shareholders' share of the income or loss of various consolidated
subsidiaries. The minority interest in the consolidated balance sheets reflect
the original investment by these minority shareholders in these consolidated
subsidiaries, along with their proportional share of the earnings or losses of
these subsidiaries.

  Use of Estimates

     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period.
Significant estimates include those required in the valuation of intangible
assets acquired in purchase combinations including amounts accounted for as
in-process research and development, allowances for doubtful accounts, sales
returns and price adjustments and valuation allowances for deferred tax assets.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.

  Certain Risks and Concentrations

     The Company's product revenues are concentrated in the computer software
industry that is highly competitive and rapidly changing. Significant
technological changes in the industry or customer requirements, or the emergence
of competitive products with new capabilities or technologies could adversely
affect operating results. Also, a majority of the Company's revenue is derived
from sales to distributors and resellers. Significant changes in operations,
buying behavior or financial stability of our channel partners could adversely
affect operating results. In addition, a significant portion of the Company's
revenue and results of operations is derived from international sales and
distributors. Fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies,
changes in local regulatory or economic conditions, piracy or significant
dislocations in local distribution channels could adversely affect operating
results.

     The Company maintains the majority of cash balances and all of its
short-term investments with six financial institutions. The Company invests with
high credit quality financial institutions and, by policy, limits the amount of
credit exposure to any one financial institution. The Company has significant
accounts receivable from several major distributors and from customers across a
broad demographic base. Management

                                        52
<PAGE>   54
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

of the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and
maintains allowances for doubtful accounts.

     Certain of the Company's products contain critical components supplied by a
single or a limited number of third parties. The Company has been required to
purchase and inventory certain of the computer platforms around which it designs
its products so as to ensure an available supply of the product for its
customers. Any significant shortage of these platforms or other components or
the failure of the third party supplier to maintain or enhance these products
could materially adversely affect the Company's results of operations.

  Foreign Currency Translation

     The Company considers the local currency to be the functional currency for
its international subsidiaries. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies are translated using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date.
Translation adjustments resulting from this process are charged or credited to
accumulated other comprehensive income. Revenues and expenses are translated at
average exchange rates prevailing during the year. Foreign currency transaction
gains and losses, which to date have not been material, are included in the
determination of net income.

  Cash and Cash Equivalents

     Cash equivalents are comprised of highly liquid debt instruments with
original maturities or remaining maturities at date of purchase of 90 days or
less.

  Marketable Securities

     All marketable securities are classified as available-for-sale securities.
Available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value in accordance with
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115 ("SFAS 115"). Short-term
marketable securities are those with maturities greater than 90 days but less
than one year. Long-term marketable securities have original maturities greater
than one year. Unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities are reported
net of related taxes as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss). Realized gains and losses on sales of all such investments are reported
in earnings and computed using the specific identification cost method.

  Inventories

     Inventories are included in other current assets,and are stated at the
lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market and include material and related
manufacturing overhead.

  Fixed Assets

     Fixed assets are presented at cost less accumulated depreciation and
amortization. Depreciation and amortization of fixed assets is computed using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
(2 to 5 years). Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis
over the life of the lease or the estimated useful life of the asset, whichever
is shorter. Repairs and maintenance expenditures, which are not considered
improvements and do not extend the useful life of fixed assets, are expensed as
incurred. The cost and related accumulated depreciation applicable to fixed
assets sold or no longer in service are eliminated from the accounts and any
gain or loss is included in operations.

  Intangible Assets

     Intangible assets include goodwill, purchased technology and other
intangible assets, are carried at cost less accumulated amortization. We
amortize goodwill and other identifiable intangibles on a straight-line basis

                                        53
<PAGE>   55
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

over their estimated useful lives. The range of estimated useful lives on our
identifiable intangibles is three to seven years.

     We assess the impairment of identifiable intangibles and related goodwill
in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
(SFAS) No. 121, Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for
Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed of. We also assess the impairment of enterprise
level goodwill in accordance with the provision of Accounting Principles Board
(APB) Opinion No. 17, Intangible Assets. An impairment review is performed
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may
not be recoverable. Factors we consider important which could trigger an
impairment review include, but are not limited to, significant underperformance
relative to expected historical or projected future operating results,
significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy
for our overall business, significant negative industry or economic trends, a
significant decline in our stock price for a sustained period, and our market
capitalization relative to net book value. When we determine that the carrying
value of goodwill may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more
of the above indicators of impairment, we measure any impairment based on a
projected discounted cash flow method using a discount rate commensurate with
the risk inherent in our current business model.

  Investments

     Investments consisted of minority investments in non-publicly traded
companies in which the Company holds less than 20% interest. These investments
are included in other assets on the Company's balance sheet and are carried at
cost, less reductions related to other-than-temporary impairments. The Company
monitors these investments for impairment and makes appropriate reductions in
carrying values when necessary.

  Fair Value of Financial Instruments

     Carrying amounts of the Company's financial instruments including cash and
cash equivalents, marketable securities, investments, accounts receivable,
accounts payable, accrued liabilities and approximate fair value due to their
short maturities. The Company's Senior Subordinated Convertible Debentures are
not traded in a public market and the fair market value of the debentures is
based on, among other factors, market interest rates, the status of the
Company's technology, and other general business and market conditions as of the
date of the offering, February 13, 1998. As the Company was unable to reliably
estimate these factors as of December 31, 2000, the fair value of the debentures
could not be estimated.

  Revenue Recognition

     In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 101 (SAB 101), "Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements." The Company adopted SAB 101 as of January 1, 2000. The adoption of
SAB 101 did not have an effect on the results of operations or financial
position of the Company.

     The Company's revenue is derived from primarily two sources (i) product
revenue which includes software license, hardware, and royalty revenue and (ii)
services and support revenue which includes software license maintenance,
training, consulting, and hosting services revenue. The Company licenses its
software products on a one and two-year time basis or on a perpetual basis.

     Product revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists (generally a purchase order or a license agreement), product has been
delivered, the fee is fixed and determinable, and collection of the resulting
account receivable is probable.

     If delivered software requires customization or there are undelivered
services that can not be accounted for separately, the Company recognizes the
arrangement fee using the percentage of completion method.

                                        54
<PAGE>   56
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Revenue on one-year time-based subscription licenses is recognized ratably over
the contract term. Royalty revenue is generally recognized based on periodic
royalty reports received from customers.

     Maintenance revenue for providing product updates and customer support is
deferred and recognized ratably over the service period. Hosting revenue is
recognized ratably over the service period. Training and consulting revenue is
recognized as services are performed and billable according to the terms of the
service arrangement.

     For arrangements with multiple obligations (e.g. delivered and undelivered
products, maintenance and other services), the Company allocates revenue to each
component of the arrangement based on objective evidence of its fair value,
which is specific to the Company. If an acceptance period is required, revenue
is recognized upon the earlier of customer acceptance or the expiration of the
acceptance period. For revenue transactions where the fee is not fixed or
determinable, the Company recognizes revenue when payments become due.

     Sales to distributors are subject to agreements allowing certain rights of
return, cooperative advertising, stock balancing rights and price protection.
Distributors have limited rights of return which allow them to return a
percentage of the prior quarter's purchases by these distributors. Accordingly,
revenue is not recognized with respect to those shipments which management
estimates will be returned. These estimates and reserves for price protection
are adjusted periodically based upon historical rates of returns, price
protection, inventory levels at the distributors and other related factors.
While management believes it can make reliable estimates for these matters,
nevertheless unsold products in these distribution channels are exposed to rapid
changes in consumer preferences or technological obsolescence due to new
operating environments, product updates or competing products. Accordingly, it
is possible that these estimates will change in the near future and that the
amounts of such changes could have a material adverse effect on the Company.

  Government Contracts

     The Company enters into research and development contracts with government
agencies under various pricing arrangements. Government contracting revenue is
classified as services and support revenue in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). Revenue from "cost-
plus-fixed-fee" contracts is recognized on the basis of reimbursable contract
costs incurred during the period, plus a percentage of the fixed fee. Revenue
from "time and material" contracts is recognized on the basis of hours utilized,
plus other reimbursable contract costs incurred during the period. Revenue from
"firm-fixed-price" contracts is recognized on the percentage of completion
method. Under this method, individual contract revenues are recorded based on
the percentage relationship that contract costs incurred bear to management's
estimate of work completed. Losses, if any, are accrued when their occurrence
becomes known and the amount of the loss is reasonably determinable.

     Under government contracts, the Company is subject to audit by the Defense
Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) which could result in the renegotiations of amounts
previously billed. The DCAA has performed audits of the Company's costs through
1999. Management believes that the results of such audits will not have a
material adverse impact on the Company's financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.

  Research and Development

     Research and development expenditures are charged to operations as
incurred. Under the Company's development process, technological feasibility is
established on completing a working model. Subsequent costs for the Company have
not been significant and all software development costs have therefore been
expensed.

                                        55
<PAGE>   57
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

  Advertising Costs

     Advertising production costs are expensed as incurred. Media (TV and print)
placement costs are expensed in the period the advertising appears. Total
advertising and promotional expenses were $58.2 million, $58.8 million, and
$30.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998,
respectively.

  Stock-based Compensation

     As permitted by Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement 123 (SFAS
123), "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," the Company accounts for
employee stock-based compensation in accordance with Accounting Principles Board
Opinion No. 25 ("APB 25"), "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees", and FASB
Interpretation No. 44 (FIN 44), "Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving
Stock-Based Compensation, an interpretation of APB Opinion No. 25"
("Interpretation") and related interpretations in accounting for its stock-based
compensation plans. Stock-based compensation related to non-employees is based
on the fair value of the related stock or options in accordance with SFAS 123
and its interpretations. Expense associated with stock-based compensation is
amortized over the vesting period of each individual award.

  Income Taxes

     The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the liability
method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred
assets and liabilities are recognized based upon anticipated future tax
consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Our provision
for income taxes is comprised of our current tax liability and the change in
deferred tax assets and liabilities.

  Net Income (Loss) Per Share

     Net income (loss) per share has been computed in accordance with SFAS 128.
Basic net income (loss) >per share is computed using the weighted average common
shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per share is
computed using the weighted average common shares and potentially dilutive
shares outstanding during the period.

  Comprehensive Income

     The Company has adopted Statement of Accounting Standards No. 130 (SFAS
130), "Reporting Comprehensive Income," which establishes standards for
reporting comprehensive income and its components in the financial statements.
Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities and foreign currency
translation adjustments are included in the Company's components of
comprehensive income (loss), which are excluded from net income (loss).

                                        56
<PAGE>   58
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 3. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND ACQUISITIONS

     The following table is a summary of acquisitions by the Company in the
three years ended December 31, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     COMMON STOCK
                                                      ISSUED IN            PURCHASE PRICE OF
                                                 POOLING OF INTERESTS    PURCHASE TRANSACTIONS
                                                 --------------------    ---------------------
<S>                                              <C>                     <C>
2000
McAfee.com acquisitions........................                             $ 22.3 million
1999
- - none -
1998
Syscon.........................................        1,230 shares
Nordic.........................................       30,508 shares
Magic Solutions................................                             $140.3 million
TIS............................................    6,755,540 shares
Secure.........................................      567,000 shares
CSB............................................        9,815 shares
QA.............................................      305,557 shares
Anyware........................................      228,204 shares
Dr. Solomon's..................................   15,813,142 shares
CyberMedia.....................................                             $174.3 million
</TABLE>

PURCHASE COMBINATIONS

     McAfee.com completed two acquisitions for total consideration, including
the issuance of approximately 550,000 of its Class A common stock, valued at
approximately $22.3 million. The acquisitions were accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting and the total combined purchase price was
approximately $22.3 million, including transaction costs. McAfee.com analyzed
the intangible assets to determine whether any amount should be recorded as
in-process research and development, however McAfee.com determined that the
acquired technologies and products are largely dependent on the core technology
and that new versions are released frequently and contain incremental rather
than fundamental improvements. Based on this analysis $22.3 million was recorded
as goodwill and purchased technology, and is being amortized on a straight-line
basis over three years.

     In December 2000, in accordance with its accounting policy, McAfee.com
performed a review of the carrying of the goodwill associated with one of it's
acquisitions and recognized an impairment charge of $3.6 million. McAfee.com
performed a review of the carrying value of the goodwill as it had been assessed
that McAfee.com would not use the technology purchased as part of the original
acquisition. Accordingly the full value of the unamortized goodwill was written
off. The historical operations of these acquisitions were not material to the
Company's financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

     Network Associates, Inc. made no acquisitions in 2000 and 1999.

     The Company made the following acquisitions during the year ended December
31, 1998 which were accounted for using the purchase method of accounting:

  CyberMedia, Inc.

     On September 9, 1998, the Company obtained control of CyberMedia, Inc.
("CyberMedia"), a provider of desktop utility software solutions, when
CyberMedia's stockholders tendered approximately 97% of the

                                        57
<PAGE>   59
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

outstanding shares to the Company for $9.50 per share in cash. On September 10,
1998, a subsidiary of the Company merged into CyberMedia in a transaction in
which CyberMedia shares not tendered were converted into the right to receive
the same per share cash price paid in the tender offer. Total cash paid to
stockholders was $130.4 million. The total purchase price including transaction
costs and assumed net liabilities was approximately $174.3 million. As the
Company had assessed and formulated its plans to terminate certain CyberMedia
employees and close certain CyberMedia facilities as of the acquisition date,
the total purchase price included related liabilities of $13.3 million. Of the
total purchase price, $22.8 million was allocated to in-process research and
development. In addition, $12.2 million was allocated to existing technology and
other intangibles and $139.3 million to goodwill, to be amortized over 3 and 7
years, respectively. To determine the value of the in-process research and
development, the Company considered, among other factors, the stage of
development of each project at the time of acquisition, the time and cost needed
to complete each project, expected income from the projects, and the projected
incremental cash flows from the projects when completed and any associated
risks. Associated risks include the inherent difficulties and uncertainties in
completing a project and thereby achieving technological feasibility and risks
related to the impact of potential changes in future target markets. This
analysis resulted in $22.8 million being assigned to in-process research and
development projects that had not yet reached technological feasibility and did
not have alternative future use.

  Magic Solutions International, Inc.

     On April 1, 1998, the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock
and options of Magic Solutions International, Inc. ("Magic Solutions"), a
privately held provider of internal help desk and asset management solutions,
for approximately for a the total purchase price of $140.3 million, including
transaction costs and assumed net liabilities. As the Company had assessed and
formulated its plans to terminate certain Magic Solutions employees and close
the Magic Solutions facilities as of the acquisition date, the total purchase
price included related liabilities of $8.7 million. Approximately $27.0 million
of the total purchase price was expensed as purchased in-process research and
development. The remaining excess of the purchase price over the net assets
acquired was $113.3 million, of which $20.3 million has been recorded as
purchased technology and trademarks and $92.9 million as goodwill, both being
amortized on a straight-line basis over 5 and 7 years, respectively. To
determine the value of the in-process research and development, the Company
considered, among other factors, the stage of development of each project at the
time of acquisition, the time and cost needed to complete each project, expected
income from the projects, and the projected incremental cash flows from the
projects when completed and any associated risks. Associated risks include the
inherent difficulties and uncertainties in completing a project and thereby
achieving technological feasibility and risks related to the impact of potential
changes in future target markets. This analysis resulted in $27.0 million being
assigned to in-process research and development projects, which had not yet
reached technological feasibility and did not have alternative future use.

     The following summary, prepared on a pro forma basis, shows the results of
operations as if CyberMedia and Magic Solutions had been acquired as of January
1, 1998, after including the impact of certain adjustments, such as amortization
of intangibles, the write-off of in-process technology and the related income
tax effects (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              (UNAUDITED)
<S>                                                           <C>
Revenue.....................................................  $1,003,636
Net loss....................................................     (42,556)
Net loss per share..........................................       (0.32)
</TABLE>

     The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of what actually would
have occurred if the acquisition had been in effect for the year ended December
31, 1998. In addition, they are not intended to be a projection of future
results and do not reflect any synergies that might be achieved from combined
operations.

                                        58
<PAGE>   60
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

POOLING OF INTEREST COMBINATIONS

     Dr Solomon's Group PLC On August 13, 1998, the Company acquired Dr
Solomon's Group PLC ("Dr Solomon's"), (the "Acquisition"), a European-based
publicly-held provider of anti-virus software products for approximately 15.3
million shares of the Company's Common Stock (including 1.7 million shares held
in trust pending the exercise of certain outstanding and fully vested Dr
Solomon's options). In the Acquisition, each outstanding ordinary share of Dr
Solomon's was exchanged for 0.27625 shares of Common Stock of the Company.

     The Company assumed all outstanding options to acquire Dr Solomon's
ordinary shares. The Acquisition was accounted for as a pooling of interests and
therefore all prior period financial statements have been restated to include
the results of Dr Solomon's for all periods presented. The results of operations
for the year ended December 31, 1998 reflect the results of operations of the
Company for the year ended December 31, 1998 and the results of operations of Dr
Solomon's for the thirteen months ended December 31, 1998.

     Separate and combined results of operations for the period prior to the
merger is as follows: (in thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED
                                                              DECEMBER 31, 1998
                                                              -----------------
<S>                                                           <C>
Revenue:
  Network Associates........................................      $934,147
  Dr. Solomon's.............................................        55,898
                                                                  --------
  Combined..................................................      $990,045
                                                                  ========
Net income:
  Network Associates........................................      $ 35,936
  Dr. Solomon's.............................................           502
                                                                  --------
  Combined..................................................      $ 36,438
                                                                  ========
Comprehensive income:
  Network Associates........................................      $ 33,130
  Dr. Solomon's.............................................            --
                                                                  --------
  Combined..................................................      $ 33,130
                                                                  ========
Net income per share -- diluted:
  Network Associates........................................      $   0.29
  Dr. Solomon's.............................................      $   0.03
  Combined..................................................      $   0.26
</TABLE>

  Other acquisitions

     On April 28, 1998, the Company acquired Trusted Information Systems
("TIS"), a publicly-held provider of comprehensive security systems for computer
networks in an acquisition. The acquisition was accounted for as a pooling of
interests and therefore all prior period financial statements have been restated
to include the results of TIS for all periods presented. In the acquisition, a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company merged with and into TIS; TIS became a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; and all outstanding common stock of TIS
was converted into approximately 6.8 million shares of Common Stock of the
Company, at an exchange ratio of 0.4845. The Company also assumed all
outstanding options and other rights to acquire TIS capital stock.

                                        59
<PAGE>   61
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     On May 15, 1998, the Company acquired Secure Networks, Inc. ("Secure"). The
aggregate consideration payable in the acquisition was 567,000 shares of the
Company's Common Stock. The acquisition was accounted for as a pooling of
interests and therefore all prior period financial statements have been restated
to include the results of Secure for all periods presented. Secure is a
developer and licensor of network security auditing software based in Canada.

     On August 31, 1998, the Company acquired QA Information Security Holding AB
("QA"). The consideration payable in the acquisition was 305,557 shares of the
Company's Common Stock in a transaction accounted for as a pooling of interests.
QA, based in Sweden, is a distributor of network security products.

     On July 30, 1998, the Company acquired Anyware Seguridad Informatica S.A.
("Anyware"). The aggregate consideration payable in the acquisition was 228,204
shares of the Company's Common Stock in a transaction accounted for as a pooling
of interests. Anyware, based in Madrid, Spain, is a developer and distributor of
anti-virus software products.

     The Company's financial statements have been restated for these poolings,
the effect of which was not material.

 4. MARKETABLE SECURITIES:

     At December 31, 2000 and 1999, marketable securities are summarized as
follows (in thousands):

                         AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE-SECURITIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             AMORTIZED    AGGREGATE     UNREALIZED
                           2000                                COST       FAIR VALUE    GAIN/(LOSS)
                           ----                              ---------    ----------    -----------
                                                                         (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>           <C>
U.S. Government debt securities............................  $180,523      $181,624       $1,101
Municipal debt securities..................................    36,882        36,839          (43)
Corporate debt securities..................................   354,133       354,391          258
Equity securities..........................................    14,548        16,020        1,472
                                                             --------      --------       ------
                                                             $586,086      $588,874       $2,788
                                                             ========      ========       ======
</TABLE>

     At December 31, 2000, all marketable debt securities had scheduled
maturities of less than three years. Marketable debt securities totaling $170.3
million have maturities of less than 3 months and are classified as cash
equivalents.

                         AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE-SECURITIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             AMORTIZED    AGGREGATE     UNREALIZED
                           1999                                COST       FAIR VALUE    GAIN/(LOSS)
                           ----                              ---------    ----------    -----------
                                                                         (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>           <C>
U.S. Government debt securities............................  $192,730      $191,121       $(1,609)
Municipal debt securities..................................    69,676        68,954          (722)
Corporate debt securities..................................   468,512       467,535          (977)
Equity securities..........................................     6,600        10,042         3,442
                                                             --------      --------       -------
                                                             $737,518      $737,652       $   134
                                                             ========      ========       =======
</TABLE>

     At December 31, 1999, all marketable debt securities had scheduled
maturities of less than three years. Marketable debt securities totaling $268.1
million have maturities of less than 3 months and are classified as cash
equivalents.

                                        60
<PAGE>   62
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 5. DERIVATIVES

     The Company conducts business globally. As a result, it is exposed to
movements in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company uses forward foreign
exchange contracts to hedge certain assets denominated in foreign currencies.
The Company enters into forward exchange contracts to hedge exposures associated
with nonfunctional currency accounts receivable and accounts payable denominated
in Euro, Canadian, Australian and several European currencies. For these
instruments, risk reduction is assessed on a transaction basis and the
instruments are designated as a hedge and are highly inversely correlated to the
hedged item as required by generally accepted accounting principles. Gains and
losses on the contracts are reported in other income and offset gains or losses
from the revaluation of nonfunctional currency assets and liabilities. The
forward contracts range from one to three months in original maturity. If a
hedging instrument ceases to qualify for hedge accounting, it is accounted for
on a mark to market basis and any subsequent gains and losses are recognized
currently in income. In general, the Company does not hedge anticipated foreign
currency cash flows nor does the Company enter into forward contracts for
trading purposes. The Company does not use any derivatives for trading or
speculative purposes.

     In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 (SFAS 133), "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities." SFAS 133 requires the Company to recognize
all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. Derivatives that are not
hedges must be adjusted to fair value through net income. If the derivative is a
hedge, depending on the nature of the hedge, changes in the fair value of the
derivative are either offset against the change in fair value of assets,
liabilities, or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other
comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The
ineffective portion of a derivative's change in fair value will be immediately
recognized in earnings. SFAS 133, as amended, is effective beginning in the
first fiscal quarter of 2001.

     The forward contracts outstanding and their unrealized gains and (losses)
are presented below (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    NOTIONAL          NOTIONAL
                                                     VALUE             VALUE         UNREALIZED
                                                   PURCHASED            SOLD         GAIN/(LOSS)
                                                 --------------    --------------    -----------
<S>                                              <C>               <C>               <C>
Australian Dollar..............................     $    --           $ 3,700           $  8
Canadian Dollar................................          --            14,557            (27)
Dutch Guilder..................................          --                --             --
Euro...........................................      16,749                --             50
Other European Currencies......................          --            10,391              1
                                                    -------           -------           ----
                                                    $16,749           $28,648           $ 32
                                                    =======           =======           ====
</TABLE>

                                        61
<PAGE>   63
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 6. BALANCE SHEET DETAIL (IN THOUSANDS):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   DECEMBER 31,
                                                              ----------------------
                                                                2000         1999
                                                              ---------    ---------
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
Fixed assets:
  Furniture and fixtures....................................  $  18,837    $  15,918
  Computers equipment.......................................    145,558      105,203
  Leasehold improvements....................................     20,068       13,191
                                                              ---------    ---------
                                                                184,463      134,312
  Less accumulated depreciation.............................   (108,964)     (88,920)
                                                              ---------    ---------
                                                              $  75,499    $  45,392
                                                              =========    =========
Intangibles assets (see Note 2):
  Goodwill..................................................  $ 343,029    $ 327,024
  Purchased technology......................................     78,476       68,490
  Other.....................................................      1,711        1,261
                                                              ---------    ---------
                                                                423,216      396,775
  Less accumulated amortization.............................   (202,961)    (143,535)
                                                              ---------    ---------
                                                                220,255      253,240
Other assets................................................     22,020       13,622
                                                              ---------    ---------
                                                              $ 242,275    $ 266,862
                                                              =========    =========
Accrued liabilities:
  Accrued taxes.............................................  $ 117,400    $ 147,472
  Accrued compensation......................................     36,649       38,150
  Accrued marketing costs...................................     22,899       19,393
  Accrued inventory costs...................................      6,830       10,193
  Accrued legal and accounting fees.........................      6,670        9,669
  Other accrued expenses....................................     34,869       28,185
                                                              ---------    ---------
                                                              $ 225,317    $ 253,062
                                                              =========    =========
</TABLE>

     Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998 were $90.1 million, $81.5 million and $75.3 million
respectively.

 7. COMMITMENTS:

  Leases

     The Company leases its operating facilities under non-cancelable operating
leases, which expire at various times ranging from the year 2001 through 2013.
In addition, the Company has leased certain equipment with various lease
expiration dates.

                                        62
<PAGE>   64
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     At December 31, 2000, future minimum payments under non-cancelable
operating leases are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31,
                  ------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>
2001........................................................  $24,799
2002........................................................   23,628
2003........................................................   17,576
2004........................................................   14,102
2005 and thereafter.........................................   12,536
                                                              -------
                                                              $92,641
                                                              =======
</TABLE>

     Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 amounted
to $18.4 million, $15.1 million, and $10.8 million, respectively. Future rental
income to be received under non-cancelable subleases amounted to $3.8 million as
of December 31, 2000.

 8. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

     On February 13, 1998, the Company completed a private placement of zero
coupon convertible subordinated debentures due in 2018 (the "Debentures"). The
debentures, with an aggregate face amount at maturity of $885.5 million,
generated net proceeds to the Company of approximately $337.6 million. The
initial price to the public for the debentures was $391.06 per $1,000 of face
amount at maturity, which equates to a yield to maturity over the term of the
bonds of 4.75% (on a semi-annual bond equivalent basis). The debentures are
convertible into Common Stock at the rate of 8.538 shares per $1,000 of face
amount at maturity, which equates to an initial conversion price of $45.80 per
share. The Debentures are subordinated in right of payment to all existing and
future Senior Indebtedness (as defined in the related indenture) and effectively
subordinated in right of payment to all indebtedness and other liabilities of
the Company's subsidiaries. The Debentures may be redeemed for cash at the
option of the Company beginning on February 13, 2003. At the option of the
holder, the Company will purchase the Debentures on February 13, 2003, February
13, 2008 and February 13, 2013 at purchase prices (to be paid in cash or Common
Stock or any combination thereof, at the election of the Company and subject to
certain conditions) equal to the initial issue price plus the accretion of the
discount on the debenture to such dates. The Debentures may also be redeemed at
the option of the holder if there is a Fundamental Change (as defined in the
related indenture) at a price equal to the issue price plus the accretion of the
discount on the debenture to the date of redemption, subject to adjustment. The
accretion of the discount on the debentures is calculated using the effective
interest method.

 9. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

  401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan

     Under the Company's 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plans, the board of
directors, at its discretion, can match employee contributions in an amount not
to exceed 20% of total compensation. Annual amounts provided by the Company
under the plan to date have not been material.

  Employee Stock Purchase Plan

     Under the 1994 Employee Qualified Stock Purchase Plan, the Company can
grant stock purchase rights to all eligible employees during one year offering
periods with exercise dates approximately every six months (beginning each
August and February). The Company has reserved 3.8 million shares of common
stock for issuance under the plan. Shares are purchased through employees'
payroll deductions at exercise prices equal to 85% of the lesser of the fair
value of the Company's common stock at either the first day of an offering

                                        63
<PAGE>   65
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

period or the last day of such offering period. No participant may purchase more
than $21,250 worth of common stock in any one calendar year.

10. MCAFEE.COM

     McAfee.com is an Internet destination dedicated to updating, upgrading, and
managing PCs over the web for single use retail, non-corporate, consumers. In
December 1998, the Company incorporated McAfee.com Corporation in Delaware as a
wholly owned subsidiary. Since January 1, 1999, the Company has contributed
certain assets and liabilities to McAfee.com and has entered into certain
inter-company arrangements including technology, licenses, shared facilities,
functions, services and tax sharing agreements. In December 1999, McAfee.com
completed its initial public offering and began publicly trading under the
symbol of "MCAF." The Company received net proceeds of $78.9 million. The
Company owns approximately 36.0 million shares of the outstanding Class B common
stock, representing approximately 81% of McAfee.com's outstanding common stock
at December 31, 2000.

     In January 1999, executives of Network Associates were granted options to
purchase 1.7 million shares (after restatement for the effects of a 2 for 1
stock split in June 1999, a reverse 3 for 5 stock split in July 1999, and share
reduction/cancellation in September 1999) of McAfee.com common stock. In
September and October 1999, certain Network Associates employees were also
granted options to purchase 379,000 shares of McAfee.com common stock. As of
December 31, 1999, all these options were fully vested. In connection with these
options, McAfee.com recorded total compensation expense for the year ended
December 31, 1999 of approximately $6.7 million.

11. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

  Preferred Stock

     The Company has authorized 5 million shares of preferred stock, par value
$.01 per share. The Company's board of directors has authority to provide for
the issuance of the shares of preferred stock in series, to establish from time
to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the
designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series
and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, without any further
vote or action by the shareholders.

     At December 31, 1998 there was one share of Series A preferred stock
outstanding, which was issued in connection with the 1996 acquisition of FSA.
The share of Series A preferred stock had no preferential rights other than the
right to cast a number of votes equal to the number of common shares issuable in
exchange for certain exchangeable non-voting shares of FSA. During 1999, that
single preferred share was converted into 437,589 of the Company's common stock.
At December 31, 2000, there was no preferred stock outstanding.

  Stock Option Plans

     In June 1997, the Board of Directors approved the 1997 Stock Incentive Plan
(the "1997 Plan") to replace the 1995 Stock Incentive Plan. Under the amended
1997 Plan, the Company has reserved 16.5 million shares for issuance to
employees, officers, directors, third-party contractors and consultants. The
plan provides for an option price no less than 100% of the fair value of the
Company's common stock on the date of grant for incentive stock options granted
to employees and officers (including directors who are also employees) or 85% of
the fair value on the date of grant for all others. The options may be
exercisable immediately, or over time, generally vest 25% one year after
commencing employment or from date of grant and vest thereafter in monthly
increments over three years. All options under the option plan expire ten years
after grant.

     Under the amended Stock Option Plan for Outside Directors, the Company has
reserved 1,132,813 shares for issuance to certain members of its board who are
not employees of the Company or any affiliated corporation. The plan provides
for an option price at fair value of the Company's common stock on

                                        64
<PAGE>   66
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

the date of grant. The initial grant to each outside director generally vests
ratably over a three-year period. Subsequent option grants will vest after three
years from the date of grant. All options under the option plan expire ten years
after grant.

     In December 1999, the board of directors approved the 2000 Nonstatutory
Stock Option Plan. Under the plan, as amended in January 2001, the Company has
reserved 8.5 million shares for issuance to employees, officers, directors,
third-party contracts and consultants. The plan provides for an option price at
fair value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. The options vest
over a period of four years: 25% vest one year from the date of grant and the
remaining vest ratably in monthly increments over three years. All options under
the option plan expire ten years after grant.

     Aggregate activity under stock option plans is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                OUTSTANDING OPTIONS
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                              WEIGHTED
                                 SHARES                                                       AVERAGE
                                AVAILABLE     NUMBER OF       PRICE PER         AGGREGATE     EXERCISE
                                FOR GRANT      SHARES           SHARE             PRICE        PRICE
                               -----------   -----------   ----------------   -------------   --------
<S>                            <C>           <C>           <C>                <C>             <C>
Balances, December 31,
  1997.......................    7,092,810    20,071,012   $ 0.23 - $ 44.42     401,038,273    $19.98
Additional shares
  authorized.................    3,000,000            --
Shares granted...............  (11,397,414)   11,397,414   $21.41 - $121.80     419,774,937    $36.83
Shares exercised.............           --    (8,560,824)  $ 0.06 - $ 44.42    (144,646,193)   $16.90
Shares canceled..............    3,587,906    (3,587,906)  $ 0.65 - $ 48.38     (92,013,391)   $25.65
                               -----------   -----------                      -------------
Balances, December 31,
  1998.......................    2,283,302    19,319,696   $ 0.06 - $121.80     584,153,626    $30.24
Additional shares
  authorized.................    9,200,000            --
Shares granted...............  (16,881,939)   16,881,939   $11.06 - $ 56.00     242,970,168    $14.39
Shares exercised.............           --    (1,196,165)  $ 0.06 - $ 44.42     (18,537,384)   $15.50
Shares canceled..............   14,921,896   (14,921,896)  $ 0.48 - $121.80    (482,328,792)   $33.08
                               -----------   -----------                      -------------
Balances, December 31,
  1999.......................    9,523,259    20,083,574   $ 0.06 - $ 56.00   $ 326,257,618    $16.24
Additional shares
  authorized.................    6,000,000            --
Option plan expirations......   (2,647,325)           --
Shares granted...............   (7,624,141)    7,624,141   $ 3.31 - $ 36.69     180,070,024    $23.62
Shares exercised.............           --    (3,035,637)  $ 0.48 - $ 28.17     (35,133,134)   $11.57
Shares canceled..............    5,426,172    (5,426,172)  $ 0.65 - $ 56.00     (92,752,842)   $17.09
                               -----------   -----------                      -------------
Balances, December 31,
  2000.......................   10,677,965    19,245,906   $ 0.23 - $ 44.58   $ 378,441,666    $19.62
                               ===========   ===========                      =============
</TABLE>

     At December 31, 2000, approximately 9.2 million options to purchase common
stock were exercisable at an average exercise price of $17.93. During 2000, the
Company used approximately 3.0 million shares of treasury stock to fulfill
employee option exercises.

     At December 31, 1999 and December 31, 1998, approximately 8.1 million and
3.7 million outstanding options, respectively, were exercisable. The weighted
average exercise prices for exercisable options were $16.98 and $21.59 at
December 31, 1999 and December 31, 1998, respectively.

     The following information regarding the stock option program and employee
stock purchase programs is provided in compliance with SFAS 123, "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation". The Company has elected to continue accounting for
such plans in accordance with APB No. 25.

                                        65
<PAGE>   67
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

  Stock repurchase plan and put options

     In May 1999, the board of directors authorized the Company to repurchase up
to $100 million of its common stock in the open market. In July 2000, the board
of directors authorized the Company to repurchase additional common stock of up
to $50 million in the open market. Through December 31, 2000, the Company
repurchased 5.0 million shares of its common stock bringing total cash outlay to
date to approximately $112.9 million. The timing and size of any future stock
repurchases are subject to market conditions, stock prices, the Company's cash
position and other cash requirements. Such repurchases are intended to cover the
Company's reissuances under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), the 1997
Plan, and issuances related to potential mergers and acquisitions.

     On August 2, 1999, February 16, 2000, and May 31, 2000, Network Associates
sold "European style" put options for 3 million shares of the Company's common
stock as part of its stock repurchase plan. European style put options can only
be exercised on the expiry date, remaining expiry dates are February 16, 2001
and May 31, 2001. The strike price for these remaining put options are $30.00
and $24.07, respectively. On August 3, 2000, put options sold on August 2, 1999
for 1 million shares were exercised in the Company's stock. The strike price for
these put options was $20.00. The Company has the right to settle the put
options by physical settlement of the options or by net share settlement using
shares of the Company's common stock. The Company received total proceeds of
$19,140,000 from the sale. In February 2001, the Company settled the remaining
put options which resulted in the purchase of 2 million shares of the Company's
stock for approximately $53.8 million.

     For various price ranges, weighted average characteristics of outstanding
stock options at December 31, 2000 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      OPTIONS OUTSTANDING                           OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                    --------------------------------------------------------   ------------------------------
                      NUMBER         WEIGHTED AVERAGE                            NUMBER
RANGE OF EXERCISE   OUTSTANDING         REMAINING          WEIGHTED AVERAGE    EXERCISABLE   WEIGHTED AVERAGE
     PRICES         AT 12/31/00   CONTRACTUAL LIFE (YRS)   EXERCISABLE PRICE   AT 12/31/00    EXERCISE PRICE
- -----------------   -----------   ----------------------   -----------------   -----------   ----------------
<S>                 <C>           <C>                      <C>                 <C>           <C>
 $ 0.00 - $ 6.00       142,780             4.1                  $ 4.77            140,199         $ 4.80
 $ 6.01 - $12.00     6,077,869             6.7                  $10.62          4,139,152         $10.41
 $12.01 - $20.00     3,646,926             8.4                  $16.25          1,463,205         $19.37
 $20.01 - $36.00     9,162,659             8.0                  $25.84          3,345,065         $28.02
 $36.01 - $60.90       215,672             7.4                  $42.91            115,841         $43.15
                    ----------             ---                  ------          ---------         ------
 $ 0.00 - $60.90    19,245,906             7.6                  $19.26          9,203,462         $17.93
</TABLE>

     The fair value of options granted has been calculated using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model using the multiple option approach. A typical
option grant vests over a four-year period. Parameters for the option analysis
are listed below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              2000    1999    1998
                                                              ----    ----    ----
<S>                                                           <C>     <C>     <C>
Risk free interest rate.....................................  6.31%   5.47%   5.04%
Expected life (years).......................................     4       4       4
Volatility..................................................  0.91    0.97    0.63
Dividend yield..............................................     0       0       0
</TABLE>

     The weighted average expected life of the option grants was estimated based
on examination of previously exercised options over the life of the program.
Volatility was estimated on a monthly basis since the company became public in
October of 1992. The average volatility for the 48-month period from January
1997 through December 2000 was 91%. The Company has not paid a dividend, and has
no plans to do so.

     The weighted average fair value of options granted in 2000, 1999, and 1998
was $16.07, $10.11, and $19.26 respectively.

                                        66
<PAGE>   68
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     The company has also estimated the fair value of purchase rights issued
under the Employee Stock Purchase Program. Rights under this plan were also
evaluated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The company's plan is
described in Note 9. Purchase periods occur twice yearly and each effectively
contains a 6 and 12 month option.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           FEBRUARY     AUGUST     FEBRUARY     AUGUST     FEBRUARY     AUGUST
                             2000        2000        1999        1999        1998        1998
                           ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
<S>                        <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Risk Free Interest
  Rate...................       6.31%       6.31%       4.52%       5.01%       5.36%       5.28%
Expected Life............  6, 12 mos   6, 12 mos   6, 12 mos   6, 12 mos   6, 12 mos   6, 12 mos
Volatility...............       0.91        0.91        0.66        0.66        0.63        0.63
Dividend Yield...........         --          --          --          --          --          --
</TABLE>

     The weighted average fair value of rights issued pursuant to the Employee
Stock Purchase Program in 2000, 1999, and 1998 was $9.44, $21.43, and $14.81,
respectively.

  Pro Forma Stock-based Compensation Costs

     For pro forma purposes, had compensation costs for the 1997 Plan, the Stock
Option Plan for Outside Directors, and the 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan
been determined based on fair value at the grant date for awards from 1997
through 2000 consistent with the provisions of SFAS 123, our net loss, basic and
diluted loss per share would have been as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             2000         1999         1998
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
<S>                                                        <C>          <C>          <C>
Net loss -- pro forma (thousands)........................  $(213,454)   $(204,135)   $(35,002)
Net loss per share -- diluted -- pro forma...............  $   (1.55)   $   (1.47)   $  (0.26)
</TABLE>

     The impact on pro forma earnings per share and net income in the table
above may not be indicative of the effect in future years as options vest over
several years and the company continues to grant stock options to new employees.
This policy may or may not continue.

  Warrants

     Pursuant to the acquisition of Pretty Good Privacy, Inc. (PGP) in 1997, the
Company issued warrants to purchase 375,000 shares of common stock at a price of
$40 per share, which expire, subject to certain extensions, on June 5, 2000. As
of December 31, 1999 warrants for 315,816 shares were outstanding. The warrants
issued pursuant to the acquisition of PGP were valued using the Black Scholes
model, using the following parameters: stock price $50.44 (prior to a 3:2 stock
split in May 1998); exercise Price $60.00 (prior to the 3:2 stock split); the
contract term; volatility 66%; annual dividend 0%; discount rate 5.5%. The
resulting valuation of the 375,000 warrants was $2,722,500, the total amount of
which was included in the purchase price allocation. In addition, warrants for
the purchase of 6,340 shares of Common Stock issued in connection with the
Company's 1995 acquisition of Assurdata were exercised during the year ended
December 31, 1998.

  Preferred Shares Rights Agreement

     On October 19, 1998, pursuant to a Preferred Shares Rights Agreement
between the Company and BankBoston, N.A. as Rights Agent, the Board of Directors
of the Company announced that it had declared a dividend distribution of one
preferred share purchase right (a "Right") on each outstanding share of the
Company's Common Stock. Each Right will entitle stockholders to buy one-one
thousandth of a share of the Company's Series B Participating Preferred Stock at
an exercise price of $200.00. The Rights will become exercisable following the
tenth day after a person or group announces the acquisition of 15% or more of
the Company's Common Stock or announces commencement of a tender or exchange
offer, the consummation of which would result in ownership by the person or
group of 15% or more of the Common Stock of the Company. The Company will be
entitled to redeem the Rights at $0.01 per Right at any time on or before the
                                        67
<PAGE>   69
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

tenth day following acquisition by a person or group of 15% or more of the
Company's Common Stock. The dividend distribution was made on November 3, 1998,
payable to the stockholders of record on November 3, 1998. The Rights will
expire on October 20, 2008.

12. PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES

     Income taxes have been provided using the liability method in accordance
with FASB No. 109 Accounting For Income Taxes.

     Pre-tax book income (loss) from continuing operations for the years ended
December 31, was earned in the following jurisdictions (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      2000        1999         1998
                                                    --------    ---------    --------
<S>                                                 <C>         <C>          <C>
Domestic..........................................  $(69,197)   $(219,796)   $123,535
Foreign...........................................   (28,554)      88,798      14,632
                                                    --------    ---------    --------
                                                    $(97,751)   $(130,998)   $138,167
                                                    ========    =========    ========
</TABLE>

     Significant components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes
attributable to continuing operations are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                     --------------------------------
                                                       2000        1999        1998
                                                     --------    --------    --------
<S>                                                  <C>         <C>         <C>
Federal:
  Current..........................................  $      0      52,902    $113,575
  Deferred.........................................   (22,225)    (58,256)    (41,311)
                                                     --------    --------    --------
          Total federal............................   (22,225)     (5,354)     72,264
State:
  Current..........................................       275         216      21,224
  Deferred.........................................    (4,465)     (5,160)     (5,633)
                                                     --------    --------    --------
          Total state..............................    (4,190)     (4,944)     15,591
Foreign:
  Current..........................................    39,423      47,569      13,874
  Deferred.........................................    (3,084)     (8,028)         --
                                                     --------    --------    --------
          Total Foreign............................    36,339      39,541      13,874
                                                     --------    --------    --------
Provision for income taxes.........................  $  9,924    $ 29,243    $101,729
                                                     ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

                                        68
<PAGE>   70
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     Significant components of net deferred tax assets at December 31 are as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              -------------------------
                                                                 2000           1999
                                                              -----------    ----------
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>
Deferred revenue............................................   $  25,372      $ 10,786
State taxes.................................................         110           546
Accrued liabilities and reserves............................      61,290        54,354
Depreciation and amortization...............................      83,327        43,581
Tax credits.................................................      90,524        56,211
Net operating loss carryover................................      61,613        71,168
                                                               ---------      --------
                                                                 322,236       236,646
Valuation allowance.........................................    (121,976)      (63,556)
                                                               ---------      --------
                                                                 200,260       173,090
Deferred liability..........................................       7,971        10,575
                                                               ---------      --------
Net deferred tax asset......................................   $ 192,289      $162,515
                                                               =========      ========
Current portion.............................................   $  86,771      $ 79,186
Non-current portion.........................................     105,518        83,329
                                                               ---------      --------
                                                               $ 192,289      $162,515
                                                               =========      ========
</TABLE>

     Realization of net deferred tax assets of $192.3 million as of December 31,
2000 is dependent on generating sufficient future taxable income, which is not
assured. The amount of the deferred tax asset realizable, however, could be
reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income are reduced. A
valuation allowance has been recorded as a result of uncertainties related to
the deferred tax asset realization.

     At December 31, 2000, the Company has available net operating loss
carry-forwards for income tax purposes of approximately $176.0 million; U.S.
federal losses of approximately $151.5 million, which expire from 2009 to 2021,
and foreign losses of approximately $24.5 million, which have no expiration. A
valuation allowance has been recorded primarily for certain loss carryforwards
and foreign tax credits due to uncertainty of future utilization.

     U.S. income taxes were not provided for on a cumulative total of
approximately $17.6 million of undistributed earnings for certain non-U.S.
subsidiaries. The Company intends to reinvest these earnings indefinitely in
operations outside the United States.

     The Company's effective tax rate on income before income taxes differs from
the U.S. Federal statutory regular tax rate as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              -------------------------
                                                               2000      1999     1998
                                                              ------    ------    -----
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>       <C>
U.S. Federal income tax provision (benefit) statutory
  rate......................................................  (35.0)%   (35.0)%   35.0%
State taxes (benefit).......................................   (4.3)     (4.1)     4.4
Non deductible acquisition and other costs..................     --      17.6     29.6
Tax exempt interest income..................................     --        --     (1.1)
Foreign earnings taxed at rates different than the U.S.
  rate......................................................   (0.5)      6.5     (6.3)
Goodwill and other permanent differences....................   25.5      16.1     16.3
Change in valuation allowance...............................   61.6      31.5       --
Tax credits.................................................  (37.1)    (10.3)    (4.3)
                                                              -----     -----     ----
                                                               10.2%     22.3%    73.6%
</TABLE>

                                        69
<PAGE>   71
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

13. NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE

     In accordance with the disclosure requirements of SFAS 128, a
reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of basic and diluted net income
(loss) per share is provided as follows (in thousands, except per share
amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                           ----------------------------------
                                                             2000         1999         1998
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
<S>                                                        <C>          <C>          <C>
Numerator -- Basic
Net income (loss)........................................  $(102,721)   $(159,901)   $ 36,438
Numerator -- Diluted
Net income (loss)........................................  $(102,721)   $(159,901)   $ 36,438
Interest on convertible debentures(1)....................         --           --          --
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
                                                           $(102,721)   $(159,901)   $ 36,438
                                                           =========    =========    ========
Denominator -- Basic
Basic weighted average common shares outstanding.........    138,072      138,695     133,075
                                                           =========    =========    ========
Denominator -- Diluted
Basic weighted average common shares outstanding.........    138,072      138,695     133,075
Effective of dilutive securities:
Common stock options(2)..................................         --           --       5,534
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
Diluted weighted average shares..........................    138,072      138,695     138,609
                                                           =========    =========    ========
Net income (loss) per share -- Basic.....................  $   (0.74)   $   (1.15)   $   0.27
                                                           =========    =========    ========
Net income (loss) per share -- Diluted...................  $   (0.74)   $   (1.15)   $   0.26
                                                           =========    =========    ========
</TABLE>

- ---------------
(1) Convertible debt interest and related as-if converted shares were excluded
    from the calculation since the effect was anti-dilutive. The total number of
    shares excluded from the calculation related to as-if converted shares was
    7.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998.

(2) Common stock options were excluded from the calculation since the effect was
    anti-dilutive. The total number of options excluded from the calculation
    related was 19.2, 20.1, and 19.3 million for the years ended December 31,
    2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.

14. BUSINESS SEGMENT AND MAJOR CUSTOMER INFORMATION

     The Company has adopted SFAS No. 131, Disclosures about Segments of an
Enterprise and Related Information, effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 1997. In fiscal year 1998, the Company determined that it had a
single reporting segment consisting of the development, sale, and support of
computer security and management software. Since then, the Company established
two of its subsidiaries, McAfee.com and myCIO.com, as a separate business
entities. The Company has evaluated its product segments in accordance with SFAS
131 and has concluded that its reportable segments are computer security and
management software ("Infrastructure"), consumer PC security and management
software on the Internet ("McAfee.com"), and a business infrastructure ASP,
which delivers managed security services ("myCIO.com"). Management measures
profitability for its business based on these three segments.

     The Infrastructure segment consists of anti-virus, network management,
security and help desk software. These products are marketed and sold through a
direct sales force to distributors, retailers, and end users in the United
States, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America.

                                        70
<PAGE>   72
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     The McAfee.com segment is a one-stop destination for consumer PC security
and management needs on the Internet. The McAfee.com web site provides a suite
of online products and services personalized for the user based on the user's PC
configuration, attached peripherals and resident software.

     The myCIO.com segment is an infrastructure ASP targeted at business users.
myCIO.com delivers network security and availability services hosted on its
servers to businesses on the Internet.

     Summarized pre-tax financial information concerning the Company's
reportable segments in the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 is provided as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                      --------------------------------
                                                        2000       1999        1998
                                                      --------   --------    ---------
<S>                                                   <C>        <C>         <C>
Infrastructure:
  Net revenues......................................  $691,116   $659,170    $ 983,753
  Segment loss......................................   (50,383)  (131,976)      38,431
McAfee.com:
  Net revenues......................................    46,866     24,497        6,292
  Segment loss......................................   (27,469)   (27,925)      (1,993)
myCIO.com:
  Net revenues......................................     7,710        N/A          N/A
  Segment loss......................................   (24,869)       N/A          N/A
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             DECEMBER 31,    DECEMBER 31,
                                                                 2000            1999
                                                             ------------    ------------
<S>                                                          <C>             <C>
Infrastructure:
  Total Assets.............................................   $1,268,475      $1,384,107
McAfee.com:
  Total Assets.............................................       98,132          95,287
myCIO.com:
  Total Assets.............................................       18,241             N/A
</TABLE>

     The table below presents information about the revenues and long-lived
assets by geographical area as of and for the years ended December 31:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           2000       1999       1998
                                                         --------   --------   --------
                                                                 (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                      <C>        <C>        <C>
Revenue
  United States........................................  $472,471   $406,805   $629,450
  Netherlands..........................................   216,653    208,583    217,177
  Other International..................................    56,568     68,280    143,418
                                                         --------   --------   --------
          Total........................................  $745,692   $683,668   $990,045
                                                         ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             2000      1999      1998
                                                            -------   -------   -------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                         <C>       <C>       <C>
Long-Lived Assets
  United States...........................................  $61,543   $33,569   $39,429
  United Kingdom..........................................       --        --     6,713
  Other Foreign...........................................   13,956    11,823     8,347
                                                            -------   -------   -------
          Total...........................................  $75,499   $45,392   $54,489
                                                            =======   =======   =======
</TABLE>

     Revenue from the Netherlands relates to sales activities in Europe, Mexico,
Canada, and Asia-Pacific, excluding Japan. Sales activities include billing and
shipping activities.

                                        71
<PAGE>   73
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     Revenue information on a product and service basis is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                2000       1999
                                                              --------   --------
                                                                (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>
Software licenses...........................................  $402,406   $409,654
Maintenance.................................................   160,662    160,005
Hardware....................................................    89,210     49,828
Consulting..................................................    34,578     27,311
Other.......................................................    58,836     36,871
                                                              --------   --------
  Total.....................................................  $745,692   $683,668
                                                              ========   ========
</TABLE>

     Due to various acquisitions during 1998, revenue information on a product
and service basis for 1998 is not presented as it is impracticable to do so.

     At December 31, 2000, two customers had accounts receivable balances
greater than 10% our total accounts receivable balance. During 2000, one
customer accounted for 20% of the total revenue for the year. No other customer
accounted for more than 10% of the total revenue in 1999.

15. LITIGATION

  General

     From time to time, the Company is involved in various disputes and
litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. These include
disputes and lawsuits related to intellectual property, licensing, contract law,
distribution arrangements, and employee arrangement matters.

     From time to time the Company has been subject to litigation including the
pending litigation described below. At this time, management is unable to make a
reasonable estimate of the amount or range of loss that could result from an
unfavorable outcome for the pending litigation. Pending or future litigation
could be costly, could cause the diversion of management's attention and could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations
and financial condition. At this time, management believes that the resolution
of these matters and those noted below will not have material adverse effect on
these consolidated financial statements.

  Securities Cases

     In Re Network Associates, Inc. Securities Litigation. On April 7, 1999, a
putative securities class action, captioned Knisley v. Network Associates, Inc.,
et al., Civil Action No. C-99-1729-SBA, was filed against Network Associates and
several of its officers in the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California. The complaint alleged violations of Sections 10(b) and
20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and sought unspecified damages on
behalf of a purported class of purchasers of common stock between January 20,
1998 and April 19, 1999. Twenty-five similar actions asserting virtually
identical allegations were filed by other plaintiffs. The Court consolidated
these cases and an amended complaint was filed. Defendants filed a motion to
dismiss on June 6, 2000. The Court granted in part and dismissed in part the
motion to dismiss. The Court allowed only plaintiffs' claims related to
In-Process Research and Development to go forward and shortened the class period
to April 6, 1999. Plaintiffs filed a First Amended Consolidated Complaint, and
defendants filed an answer. (See Note 20 for a discussion of the recent
settlement agreement.)

     On October 26, 2000, a new action, captioned The State Board of
Administration of Florida v. Network Associates, Inc. et. al., Civil Action No.
C-00-3981-WHA, naming the same defendants as the class-action, was filed in the
Northern District of California by an opt-out plaintiff. The action had been
coordinated with

                                        72
<PAGE>   74
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

the class action for pretrial and trial proceedings. The parties have stipulated
to dismissal of the action without prejudice and have entered into a tolling
agreement with respect to the claims asserted by the State Board of
Administration of Florida.

     In Re Network Associates, Inc. Derivative Litigation. On May 12, 1999, a
purported derivative action, captioned Dow Jones Investment Club v. Network
Associates, Inc. et al., Civil Action No. CV-781854, was filed against nominal
defendant Network Associates and certain of its officers and directors in the
Superior Court of California, County of Santa Clara. The complaint alleges
violations of Sections 25402 and 1507 of the California Corporations Code,
breach of fiduciary duty, insider trading, gross negligence, and unjust
enrichment. The complaint seeks unspecified damages. Two similar derivative
actions have been filed by other plaintiffs in the Superior Court of California,
County of Santa Clara, including Leighton v. Network Associates, Inc. et al.,
Civil Action No. CV-781947, and Katz v. Network Associates, Inc., et al., Civil
Action No. CV-782194. The court ordered these three actions consolidated for
pretrial and trial proceedings and deemed the complaint filed in the Leighton
action the operative complaint. Defendants' demurrer to the operative complaint
was sustained with leave to amend. A First Amended Complaint was filed by the
plaintiffs. Network Associates and the individual defendants demurred to the
First Amended Complaint. The demurrer was overruled, except with respect to the
Sixth Cause of Action, which was sustained without leave to amend. Discovery is
ongoing.

     Gage v. Network Associates. A similar case, captioned Gage v. Network
Associates, Inc., et al., Civil Action No. B C211552, has been filed in the
Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles. Plaintiffs allege
violations of Sections 25400 et seq. of the California Corporations Code,
Section 17200 of the California Business and Professions Code, and breach of
fiduciary duty. The parties stipulated to transfer the action to Santa Clara
County Superior Court where it is now pending under Civil Action No. CV-785715.
The complaint was dismissed without prejudice. Gage filed a First Amended
Complaint asserting claims in his individual capacity, which was dismissed
without prejudice. Gage then filed a Second Amended Complaint. The individual
defendants' and Network Associates' demurrer to the Second Amended Complaint was
overruled in part, sustained in part with prejudice, and sustained in part
without prejudice. Gage has filed a Third Amended Complaint. A Motion to Strike
certain allegations of the Third Amended Complaint is pending. Discovery is
ongoing.

     Securities Lawsuits. Between December 29, 2000 and February 7, 2001,
Network Associates and certain of its current and former officers and directors
were named in securities class action lawsuits filed in the United States
District Court for the Northern District of California. The cases are
encaptioned as follows: Lukoff v. Network Associates, Inc., et al., Case No.
CV-01-0008-MEJ; Armour v. Network Associates, Inc., et al., Case No.
C00-4849-EDL; Ann & Wendall Prevat. v. Network Associates, Inc., et al., Case
No. C01-0007-WDB; Rizzuti v. Network Associates, et al., Case No.
C-01-20008-EAI; McDougald v. Network Associates, et al., Case No.
CV01-20103-ADR; 539, Inc. v. Network Associates, et al., Case No. C 01 0599-MMC.
The Armour, Wendel, Rizzuti, McDougald, and 539, Inc. complaints assert claims
against Network Associates, William Larson and Prabhat Goyal on behalf of a
putative class of persons who purchased Network Associates stock between July 19
and December 26, 2000; the Lukoff complaint asserts claims against Network
Associates, William Larson, Prabhat Goyal, Leslie Denend, Virginia Gemmell,
Edwin Harper and Enzo Torresi on behalf of a putative class of persons who
purchased and/or acquired Network Associates stock between October 16 and
December 26, 2000. All of the complaints assert causes of action (and seek
unspecified damages) for alleged violations of Exchange Act Section 10(b)/SEC
Rule 10b-5 and Exchange Act Section 20(a). In particular, the complaints allege
that defendants made false and misleading statements about the Company's
anticipated financial results for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2000, and that
the Company's class period financial statements failed to comply with GAAP. The
cases have not yet been consolidated.

                                        73
<PAGE>   75
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     Derivative Lawsuit. On February 5, 2001, the Company was nominally sued in
a derivative lawsuit filed in the Superior Court in Santa Clara County. The
lawsuit, encaptioned Mean Ann Krim v. William L. Larson, et al., Case No.
CV795734, asserts claims against certain of its current and former officers,
directors, and other parties for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment and
professional negligence against the accountants. In particular, the complaints
allege that the defendants engaged in a course of conduct by which they
improperly accounted for revenue from software license sales, and that, as a
result of their actions, certain of the Company's financial statements were
false and misleading and not in compliance with GAAP. The complaint seeks an
unspecified amount of damages.

  Other Litigation

     Hilgraeve v. Network Associates. On September 15, 1997, Network Associates
was named as a defendant in a patent infringement action filed by Hilgraeve
Corporation ("Hilgraeve") in the United States District Court, Eastern District
of Michigan. Hilgraeve alleges that Network Associates' VirusScan product
infringes a Hilgraeve patent which was issued on June 7, 1994. Hilgraeve's
action seeks injunctive relief and unspecified money damages. The District Court
granted Network Associates' motion for summary judgment of non-infringement on
May 20, 1999 and entered judgment in favor of Network Associates on July 7,
1999. On August 2, 2000 the United States Court of Appeal for the Federal
Circuit vacated in part, affirmed in part, and remanded the case to the District
Court for further proceedings. The Court has set a hearing on NAI's further
summary judgment motion for April 25, 2001.

     Hilgraeve, Inc. and Hilgraeve Associates v. Network Associates. On October
10, 2000, Hilgraeve filed another complaint against Network Associates, also in
the United States District Court, Eastern District of Michigan. Hilgraeve
alleges that Network Associates' Webshield Proxy product infringes the same
Hilgraeve patent in the first suit. Hilgraeve's action seeks injunctive relief
and unspecified money damages. The Court has stayed this action until April 25,
2001, pending the hearing on NAI's summary judgment in the related matter (see
above) that day.

     Foremost Systems v. Network Associates, No. CV 777301 (Santa Clara
County). A former agent of Network Associates in India, Foremost Systems Pvt.
Ltd., filed this action on October 14, 1998, in California State court and filed
a Second Amended Complaint on February 18, 2000. Network Associates removed the
action to the United States District Court, Northern District of California, San
Jose Division. The Second Amended Complaint alleges that Network Associates
wrongly terminated Foremost Systems in breach of their agency agreement and, in
addition, contains counts for breach of oral contract, promissory estoppel,
intentional and negligent misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, tortious
interference with contractual relations, unfair competition, and racketeering in
violation of 18 U.S.C. 1962 et seq. The parties held a preliminary mediation
session in this matter on April 5, 2000 and attended a full session for March
12, 2001. A Case Management Conference in this matter is set to take place on
April 16, 2001.

     Homenexus Inc. f/k/a HomeRun Network, Inc. v. DirectWeb, Inc., et al, No.
99-CV-2316 (CRW) (E.D. Pa.). In this action, filed in federal court in the
Eastern District of Pennsylvania on May 5, 1999, plaintiff Homenexus alleges
that DirectWeb successfully conspired with all defendants, including Network
Associates and William Larson, to wrongly misappropriate plaintiff's purported
proprietary business plan and to deliberately infringe plaintiff's purported
trade dress in its alleged web-site. The complaint further alleges that all
defendants conspired to commit, and did commit, the torts of conversion and
unfair competition. Plaintiff filed an amended complaint on June 21, 2000,
adding a new defendant, Riaz Karamali.

16. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," as amended by SFAS 137 and SFAS
138. SFAS 133 establishes methods of accounting for derivative
                                        74
<PAGE>   76
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

financial instruments and hedging activities related to those instruments as
well as other hedging activities, and is effective for all fiscal quarters of
all fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000. The Company believes that the
impact of SFAS 133, as amended, will not have a material effect on the financial
position or results of operations of the Company.

     In March 2000 the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued FASB
Interpretation No. 44, "Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock
Compensation," an interpretation of APB Opinion No. 25 ("Interpretation"). The
Interpretation is intended to clarify certain problems that have arisen in
practice since the issuance of APB 25. The Interpretation provides guidance,
some of which is a significant departure from current practice. The
Interpretation provides for prospective application for grants or modifications
to existing stock options or awards made after June 30, 2000. However, for
certain transactions the guidance is effective after December 15, 1998 and
January 12, 2000.

     In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 101 (SAB 101), "Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements." In October 2000, the SEC released interpretive guidance on SAB 101
in the form of frequently asked questions and responses to provide guidance for
revenue recognition under certain circumstances. The Company adopted SAB 101 in
the quarter ended December 31, 2000. The adoption of SAB 101 did not have an
effect on the results of operations or financial position of the Company.

17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     The Company purchased 3,948,199 shares of Series A Preferred Stock of
DirectWeb, Inc. for $2.5 million, and 4,615,385 shares of Series B Preferred
Stock for $6.0 million in 1999. DirectWeb, Inc. is a subscription-based online
service offering a complete turnkey Windows-98 based PC, unlimited Internet
access and technical support for a fixed user only fee. In connection with the
formation of DirectWeb, the Company received a warrant to acquire 3,175,000
shares of DirectWeb common stock for total consideration of $317.50. Prior to
the transactions described below, on an as converted basis and excluding shares
that may be acquired upon exercise of its warrant, the Company's total DirectWeb
investment represented approximately 12.3% of DirectWeb's outstanding capital
stock. With respect to this balance, approximately 35.2% was owned by William L.
Larson, a DirectWeb founder and the Company's Chief Executive Officer; 35.4% was
owned by Dennis Cline, a DirectWeb founder and the Company's former Vice
President of Worldwide Sales; and 17.1% was owned by unrelated third party
investors who, along with the Company, invested in DirectWeb's Series A and
Series B Preferred Stock.

     In November 1999, the Company sold its 12.3% ownership to Dennis Cline,
resulting in a net loss of $2.5 million to the Company. At the time, the Company
also agreed to exchange its warrant to acquire 3,175,000 shares of DirectWeb
common stock for a warrant to acquire $2 million worth of DirectWeb Series C
preferred stock at the same price per share as paid by the Series C preferred
stock investors. William L. Larson sold approximately 83.0% of his stake in
DirectWeb to Dennis Cline in November 1999. He retains an approximately 5.9%
ownership interest in DirectWeb.

18. STOCK OPTION REPRICING

     On April 22, 1999, the Company offered to substantially all of its
employees, excluding executive officers, the right to cancel certain outstanding
stock options and receive new options with exercise prices at the current fair
value of the stock. Options to purchase a total of 10.3 million shares were
canceled and the same number of new options were granted at an exercise price of
$11.063, which was based on the closing price of the Company's common stock on
April 22, 1999. The new options vest at the same rate that they would have
vested under previous option plans. As a result, options to purchase
approximately 3.4 million shares at $11.063 were vested at December 31, 2000.

                                        75
<PAGE>   77
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     In accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25 "Accounting
for Stock Issued to Employees," the Company incurred an initial stock-based
compensation charge in connection with this repricing. This charge was
calculated based on the difference between the exercise price of the new options
and their market value on the date of acceptance by employees. Approximately
$6.7 million was expensed for the year ended December 31, 2000.

     In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
FASB Interpretation No. 44, "Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock
Compensation," an interpretation of APB Opinion No. 25 ("Interpretation"). Among
other issues, this Interpretation clarifies (a) the definition of employee for
purposes of applying Opinion 25, (b) the criteria for determining whether a plan
qualifies as a non-compensatory plan, (c) the accounting consequence of various
modifications to the terms of a previously fixed stock option or award, and (d)
the accounting for an exchange of stock-based compensation awards in a business
combination. As of July 1, 2000 this guidance was effective.

     As a result of the introduction of this Interpretation, stock options
repriced by the Company on April 22, 1999 are subject to variable plan
accounting treatment from July 1, 2000. Accordingly, the Company has and will
continue to remeasure compensation cost for the repriced options until the
options are exercised, cancelled, or forfeited without replacement. The first
valuation period began with the effective date of the Interpretation which was
July 1, 2000. The valuation has and will be based on any excess of the closing
stock price at the end of the reporting period or date of exercise, forfeiture
or cancellation without replacement, if earlier, over the fair value of the
Company's common stock on July 1, 2000, which was $20.375. The resulting
compensation charge to earnings will be recorded over the remaining vesting
period, using the accelerated method of amortization discussed in FASB
Interpretation No. 28. When options are fully vested, the charge will be
recorded to earnings immediately. Depending upon movements in the market value
of the Company's common stock, this accounting treatment may result
insignificant additional compensation charges in future periods.

     In addition, variable plan accounting as described above, applies to
options issued to employees of McAfee.com and myCIO.com as a replacement for
Company options which were subject to the repricing described above. As a
result, the Company will record variable charges based on the movements in the
fair value of McAfee.com and myCIO.com common stock from July 1, 2000.

     As a result, during the year ended December 31, 2000, the Company recorded
a compensation charge to earnings of approximately $2.0 million, which is based
on a year end per share price of $4.19 of the Company and per share price of
$5.00 for McAfee.com, respectively. As of December 31, 2000, the Company,
McAfee.com and myCIO.com had options, outstanding and subject to variable plan
accounting, amounting to 4.5 million, 0.1 million, and 0.3 million,
respectively. Depending upon movements in the market value of the Company's
common stock, this accounting treatment may result in significant additional
compensation charges in future periods.

19. FIXED ASSETS SALE-LEASEBACK

     On September 20, 1999, the Company sold approximately $6.6 million of fixed
assets, consisting mostly of computer equipment, to a third party and leased
them back under an operating lease. The initial term of the lease is 12 months,
with an option to renew the lease for an additional 12 months. In October 2000,
the Company repurchased the fixed assets for approximately $5.2 million.

20. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (UNAUDITED)

     On January 24, 2001, the Company's board of directors authorized the
reservation of an additional 3 million options for the 2000 Nonstatutory Stock
Option Plan.

                                        76
<PAGE>   78
                   NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     On February 2, 2001, the Company settled the remaining put options which
resulted in us purchasing 2,000,000 shares of our stock for approximately $53.8
million.

     In February 2001, the Company announced its plan to reintegrate myCIO.com's
operations with its own, while continuing to offer myCIO.com's products and
services as key offerings. Beginning 2001, myCIO.com will no longer constitute a
separate business segment.

     In February 2001, the Company settled In Re Network Associates, Inc.
Securities Litigation a consolidated action filed in April 1999, in Federal
District Court. The amount of the settlement is $30 million and is being funded
principally by the Company's Directors and Officers insurance carriers. The
settlement is subject to court approval.

                                        77
<PAGE>   79

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Santa
Clara, State of California, on the 30th day of March, 2001.

                                          NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.

                                                  /s/ GEORGE SAMENUK
                                          --------------------------------------
                                                      George Samenuk
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below on March 30, 2001 by the following persons on
behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                      SIGNATURE                                            TITLE
                      ---------                        ----------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>

                 /s/ GEORGE SAMENUK                        President and Chief Executive Officer
- -----------------------------------------------------          (Principal Executive Officer)
                  (George Samenuk)

                   /s/ TERRY DAVIS                       Vice President and acting Chief Financial
- -----------------------------------------------------                     Officer
                    (Terry Davis)                         (acting Principal Financial Officer and
                                                               Principal Accounting Officer)

                 /s/ EDWIN L. HARPER                               Chairman of the Board
- -----------------------------------------------------
                  (Edwin L. Harper)

                /s/ LESLIE G. DENEND                                      Director
- -----------------------------------------------------
                 (Leslie G. Denend)

                /s/ VIRGINIA GEMMELL                                      Director
- -----------------------------------------------------
                 (Virginia Gemmell)

                  /s/ ENZO TORRESI                                        Director
- -----------------------------------------------------
                   (Enzo Torresi)
</TABLE>

                                        78
<PAGE>   80

                      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS ON

                          FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Network Associates, Inc.
Santa Clara, California

     Our audits of the consolidated financial statements referred to in our
report dated January 24, 2001 appearing in the 2000 Annual Report to
Shareholders of Network Associates (which report and consolidated financial
statements are incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K)
also included an audit of the financial statement schedule listed in Item
14(a)(2) of this Form 10-K. In our opinion, this financial statement schedule
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein
when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

San Jose, California
January 24, 2001

                                        79
<PAGE>   81

                                  SCHEDULE II

                           NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.

       SCHEDULE OF VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AT DECEMBER 31, 2000
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         BALANCE AT     ADDITIONS CHARGED
                                        BEGINNING OF       TO EXPENSE                      BALANCE AT END
                                           PERIOD          OR REVENUE        DEDUCTIONS      OF PERIOD
                                        ------------    -----------------    ----------    --------------
<S>                                     <C>             <C>                  <C>           <C>
Year Ended December 31, 2000
  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts.....    $16,249           $ 15,784          $ 16,701        $15,332
  Allowance for Sales Returns.........    $72,298           $ 84,902          $106,120        $51,080
Year Ended December 31, 1999
  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts.....    $11,682           $ 44,809          $ 40,242        $16,249
  Allowance for Sales Returns.........    $85,631           $149,360          $162,693        $72,298
Year Ended December 31, 1998
  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts.....    $ 5,107           $ 11,283          $  4,708        $11,682
  Allowance for Sales Returns.........    $21,294           $ 91,870          $ 27,533        $85,631
</TABLE>

                                        80
<PAGE>   82

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT                                                                  PAGE
NUMBER                           EXHIBIT TITLE                          NUMBER
- -------                          -------------                          ------
<C>       <S>                                                           <C>
  2.1     Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated October 13,
          1997, among McAfee Associates, Inc., Mystery Acquisition
          Corp. and Network General Corporation, as amended by the
          First Amendment dated as of October 22, 1997.(1)............
  2.2     Combination Agreement dated August 16, 1996 among the
          Registrant, FSA Combination Corp., FSA Corporation and
          Daniel Freedman.(2).........................................
  2.3     Stock Exchange Agreement dated January 13, 1996 among the
          Registrant, FSA Combination Corp., Kabushiki Kaisha Jade and
          the shareholders of Jade.(3)................................
  2.4     Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated December 1, 1997
          between the Registrant, Helix Software Company an DNA
          Acquisition Corp.(4)........................................
  2.5     Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated December 1, 1997
          between the Registrant, PGP and PG Acquisition Corp.(5).....
  2.6     Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated February 22,
          1998, between the Registrant, TIS and Thor Acquisition
          Corp.(6)....................................................
  2.7     Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among the
          Registrant, Magic Solutions International, Inc., Merlin
          Acquisition Corp. and Igal Lichtman, Amendment Agreement by
          and among the Registrant, Magic Solutions International,
          Inc., Merlin Acquisition Corp., and Igal Lichtman dated
          March 24, 1998. Second Amendment Agreement by and among the
          Registrant, Magic Solutions International, Inc., Merlin
          Acquisition Corp., and Igal Lichtman dated April 1,
          1998.(7)....................................................
  2.8     Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 26, 1998, by
          and between FSA Combination Corp., and Brenda Joyce
          Cook.(8)....................................................
  2.9     Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 30, 1998, among
          FSA Combination Corp., and Irina Karlsson and Jarmo
          Rouvinen.(8)................................................
  2.10    Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 8, 1998, among FSA
          Combination Corp., and Secure Networks, Inc.(8).............
  2.11    Transaction Agreement, dated June 9, 1998, by and between
          the Registrant and Dr. Solomon's Group Plc.(21).............
  2.12    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 28, 1998, by and
          between the Registrant and CyberMedia, Inc.(22).............
  3.1     Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Networks
          Associates, Inc., as amended on December 1, 1997.(6)........
  3.2     Restated Bylaws of Networks Associates, Inc.(6).............
  3.3     Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock of
          Networks Associates, Inc.(9)................................
  3.4     Certificate of Designation of Series B Participating
          Preferred Stock of the Registrant.(23)......................
  4.2     Registration Rights Agreement dated August 30, 1996 between
          the Registrant and Daniel Freedman.(1)......................
  4.5     Registration Rights Agreement dated December 9, 1997 between
          the Registrant and certain shareholders of PGP.(4)..........
  4.6     Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 13,
          1998, by and between the Registrant and Morgan Stanley & Co.
          Incorporated.(10)...........................................
</TABLE>

                                        81
<PAGE>   83

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT                                                                  PAGE
NUMBER                           EXHIBIT TITLE                          NUMBER
- -------                          -------------                          ------
<C>       <S>                                                           <C>
  4.7     Indenture dated as of February 13, 1998 between the
          Registrant and State Street Bank and Trust Company of
          California, N.A., as Trustee.(10)...........................
  4.10    Registration Rights Agreement dated May 8, 1998, by and
          between the Registrant and the stockholders of Secure
          Networks, Inc.(8)...........................................
  4.11    Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 29, 1998, by and
          between the Registrant and certain stockholders of CSB
          Consulenza Software di Base S.r.l. ("CSB").(11).............
  4.12    Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 30, 1998, by and
          between the Registrant and certain stockholders of Anyware
          Seguridad Informatica S.A.(11)..............................
  4.13    Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 31, 1998, by and
          between the Registrant and certain stockholders of QA
          Information Security Holding AB.(24)........................
 10.1     Standard Business Lease (Net) for Network General's
          principal facility dated June 19, 1991, between Network
          General and Menlo Oaks Partners, L.P.(12)...................
 10.2     First Amendment to Lease dated June 10, 1992, between
          Network General and Menlo Parks Partners, L.P.(12)..........
 10.3     Standard Business Lease (Net) for Network General's
          principal facility dated March 11, 1992, between Network
          General and Menlo Oaks Partners L.P.(13)....................
 10.4     First Amendment to Lease dated June 18, 1992, between
          Network General and Menlo Oaks Partners, L.P.(12)...........
 10.5     Lease dated March 31, 1992, between Network General and
          Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United
          States.(12).................................................
 10.6     Second Amendment to Lease dated February 1, 1995, between
          Network General and Menlo Oaks Partners, L.P.(13)...........
 10.7     Third amendment to Lease dated February 1, 1995 between
          Network General and Menlo Oaks Partners L.P.(13)............
 10.8     Fourth Amendment to Lease dated May 31, 1995, between
          Network General and Menlo Oaks Partners, L.P.(14)...........
 10.9     Fifth Amendment to Lease dated June 13, 1995, between
          Network General and Menlo Oaks Partners, L.P.(14)...........
 10.10    Lease dated July 3, 1996 between Network General and
          Campbell Avenue Associates.(15).............................
 10.11    Sixth Amendment to Lease dated November 29, 1996, between
          Network General and Menlo Oaks Partners, L.P.(15)...........
 10.12    Sublease Agreement for facility at 2805 Bowers Avenue, Santa
          Clara, California, dated as of February 20, 1997, by and
          between McAfee Associates, Inc. and National Semiconductor
          Corporation.(16)............................................
 10.13    Lease Agreement dated November 17, 1997 for facility at 3965
          Freedom Circle, Santa Clara, California by and between
          Informix Corporation and McAfee Associates, Inc.(4).........
 10.14    Consent to Assignment Agreement dated December 19, 1997 by
          and among Birk S. McCandless, LLC, Guaranty Federal Bank,
          F.S.B., Informix Corporation and Networks Associates,
          Inc.(4).....................................................
 10.15    Subordination, Nondisturbance and Attornment Agreement dated
          December 18, 1997, between Guaranty Federal Bank, F.S.B.,
          Networks Associates, Inc. and Birk S. McCandless, LLC.(4)...
 10.16    Lease dated November 22, 1996 by and between Birk S.
          McCandless, LLC and Informix Corporation for facility at
          3965 Freedom Circle, Santa Clara, California.(4)............
</TABLE>

                                        82
<PAGE>   84

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT                                                                  PAGE
NUMBER                           EXHIBIT TITLE                          NUMBER
- -------                          -------------                          ------
<C>       <S>                                                           <C>
 10.17    Quota Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 14, 1997 by and
          among McAfee Associates, Inc. and McAfee Do Brasil Ltda.,
          Compusul-Consultoria E Comercio De Informatica Ltda., and
          the stockholders of Compusul-Consultoria E Comercio De
          Informatica Ltda.(17).......................................
 10.18*   1997 Stock Incentive Plan.(17)..............................
 10.19*   Stock Option Plan for Outside Directors.(18)................
 10.20*   2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan, as amended. ...........
 10.21*   Change in control agreement between the Company and Peter
          Watkins dated May 11, 1999.(25).............................
 10.22*   Change in control agreement between the Company and William
          L. Larson dated May 11, 1999.(25)...........................
 10.23*   Change in control agreement between the Company and Prabhat
          K. Goyal dated May 11, 1999.(25)............................
 10.24*   Change in control agreement between the Company and Zachary
          Nelson, dated May 11, 1999.(25).............................
 10.25    Corporate Management Services Agreement between the
          Registrant and McAfee.com Corporation, dated as of January
          1, 1999.(26)................................................
 10.26    Technology Cross License Agreement between the Registrant
          and McAfee.com Corporation dated as of January 1,
          1999.(26)...................................................
 10.27    Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and
          McAfee.com Corporation, dated as of January 1, 1999.(26)....
 10.28    Asset Contribution and Receivables Settlement Agreement
          between the Registrant and McAfee.com Corporation, dated as
          of January 1, 1999.(26).....................................
 10.29    Intercompany Revolving Loan Agreement between the Registrant
          and McAfee.com Corporation, dated as of January 1,
          1999.(26)...................................................
 10.30    Tax Sharing Agreement between the Registrant and McAfee.com
          Corporation dated as of January 1, 1999.(26)................
 10.31    Indemnification and Voting Agreement between the Registrant
          and McAfee.com Corporation, dated as of January 1,
          1999.(26)...................................................
 10.32    Joint Cooperation and Master Services Agreement between the
          Registrant and McAfee.com Corporation, dated as of January
          1, 1999.(26)................................................
 10.33*   Employment Agreement between George Samenuk and Registrant,
          dated January 2, 2001.......................................
 10.34*   Agreement between the Registrant and William Larson, dated
          January 2, 2001.............................................
 10.35*   Agreement between the Registrant and Prabhat Goyal, dated
          January 2, 2001.............................................
 10.36*   Agreement between the Registrant and Peter Watkins, dated
          December 26, 2000...........................................
 21.1     Subsidiaries of Network Associates, Inc. ...................
 23.1     Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. .....................
</TABLE>

- ---------------
 (1) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Registration Statement on
     Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 31, 1997.

 (2) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
     filed with the Commission on September 24, 1996.

 (3) Incorporated by reference from the RegistrantIs Current Report on Form 8-K
     filed with the Commission on March 14, 1997.

                                        83
<PAGE>   85

 (4) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Registration Statement on
     Form S-3, filed with the Commission on February 12, 1998.

 (5) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Report on Form 8-K filed
     with the Commission on December 11, 1997.

 (6) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Registration Statement on
     Form S-4 filed with the Commission on March 25, 1998.

 (7) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Report on Form 8-K filed
     with the Commission on April 2, 1998.

 (8) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Registration Statement on
     Form S-3 filed with the Commission on May 26, 1998.

 (9) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the
     quarter ended September 30, 1996, filed with the Commission on November 4,
     1997.

(10) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Registration Statement on
     Form S-3 filed with the Commission on May 6, 1998.

(11) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Registration Statement on
     Form S-3 filed with the Commission on August 5, 1998.

(12) Incorporated by reference from the Network General Corporation's Report on
     Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 1992. Network General's filings with
     the Commission were made under File Number 0-17431.

(13) Incorporated by reference from the Network General Corporation's Report on
     Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 1994. Network General's
     filings with the Commission were made under File Number 0-17431.

(14) Incorporated by reference from the Network General Corporation's Report on
     Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1995. Network General's filings
     with the Commission were made under File Number 0-17431.

(15) Incorporated by reference from the Network General Corporation's Report on
     Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1996. Network General's filings
     with the Commission were made under File Number 0-17431.

(16) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the
     quarter ended June 30, 1997, filed with the Commission on August 14, 1997.

(17) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Registration Statement on
     Form S-4 filed with the Commission on July 31, 1995.

(18) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Report on Form S-8 filed
     with the Commission on December 2, 1997.

(19) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the
     quarter ended June 30, 1996, filed with the Commission on August 13, 1996.

(20) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the
     quarter ended March 31, 1998, filed with the Commission on May 15, 1998.

(21) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Report on Form 8-K filed
     with the Commission on June 16, 1998.

(22) Incorporated by reference from CyberMedia Inc.'s Schedule 13D filed by the
     Registrant with the Commission on August 7, 1998. CyberMedia Inc.'s filings
     with the Commission were made under File Number 0-21289.

(23) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Report on Form 8-A filed
     with the Commission on October 22, 1998.

(24) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's report on form 10-Q for the
     quarter ended September 30, 1998, filed with the Commission on November 13,
     1998.

                                        84
<PAGE>   86

(25) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's report on Form 10-Q for the
     quarter ended March 31, 1999, filed with the Commission on May 13, 1999.

(26) Incorporated by reference from the Form S-1 filed by McAfee.com Corporation
     with the Commission on September 23, 1999, under File Number 333-87609.

  *  Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements covering
     executive officers or directors of Networks Associates, Inc.

                                        85
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.20
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>f69854ex10-20.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.20
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.20

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     WARNING

     Granting options to directors and officers under this plan may violate
     NASD or stock exchange rules if the plan does not meet the broad based
   plan exemption from shareholder approval. Grants to directors and officers
        may be permitted if the grant is made upon the initial employment
      of the directoror officer and the grant is an essential inducement to
                                   employment.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                            NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.
                 2000 NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION PLAN, AS AMENDED
                                JANUARY 24, 2001

     1.   Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this Nonstatutory Stock Option
          Plan are:

          o    to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions
               of substantial responsibility,

          o    to provide additional incentive to Employees, Directors and
               Consultants, and

          o    to promote the success of the Company's business.

          Options granted under the Plan will be Nonstatutory Stock Options.

          2.   Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions shall
apply:

               (a)  "Administrator" means the Board or any of its Committees as
shall be administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

               (b)  "Applicable Laws" means the requirements relating to the
administration of stock option plans under U.S. state corporate laws, U.S.
federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation
system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of
any foreign country or jurisdiction where Options are, or will be, granted under
the Plan.

               (c)  "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

               (d)  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

               (e)  "Committee" means a committee of Directors appointed by the
Board in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

               (f)  "Common Stock" means the Common Stock of the Company.

               (g)  "Company" means Networks Associates, Inc., a Delaware
corporation.

<PAGE>   2

               (h)  "Consultant" means any person, including an advisor, engaged
by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to render services to such entity.

               (i)  "Director" means a member of the Board.

               (j)  "Disability" means total and permanent disability as defined
in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.

               (k)  "Employee" means any person, including Officers, employed by
the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. A Service Provider shall
not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by
the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or between the
Company, its Parent, any Subsidiary, or any successor. Neither service as a
Director nor payment of a director's fee by the Company shall be sufficient to
constitute "employment" by the Company.

               (l)  "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

               (m)  "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value of
Common Stock determined as follows:

                    (i)  If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock
exchange or a national market system, including without limitation the Nasdaq
National Market or The Nasdaq SmallCap Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its
Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for such stock (or the
closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or system for
the last market trading day prior to the time of determination, as reported in
The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems
reliable;

                    (ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized
securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of
a Share of Common Stock shall be the mean between the high bid and low asked
prices for the Common Stock on the last market trading day prior to the day of
determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as
the Administrator deems reliable;

                    (iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common
Stock, the Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the
Administrator.

               (n)  "Notice of Grant" means a written or electronic notice
evidencing certain terms and conditions of an individual Option grant. The
Notice of Grant is part of the Option Agreement.

               (o)  "Officer" means a person who is an officer of the Company
within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3


               (p)  "Option" means a nonstatutory stock option granted pursuant
to the Plan, that is not intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within
the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated
thereunder.

               (q)  "Option Agreement" means an agreement between the Company
and an Optionee evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual Option
grant. The Option Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

               (r)  "Option Exchange Program" means a program whereby
outstanding options are surrendered in exchange for options with a lower
exercise price.

               (s)  "Optioned Stock" means the Common Stock subject to an
Option.

               (t)  "Optionee" means the holder of an outstanding Option granted
under the Plan.

               (u)  "Parent" means a "parent corporation," whether now or
hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.

               (v)  "Plan" means this 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan.

               (w)  "Service Provider" means an Employee including an Officer,
Consultant or Director.

               (x)  "Share" means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in
accordance with Section 12 of the Plan.

               (y)  "Subsidiary" means a "subsidiary corporation," whether now
or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.

     3.   Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to the provisions of Section 12 of
the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be optioned and sold
under the Plan is eleven million five hundred thousand (11,500,000) Shares. The
Shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.

          If an Option expires or becomes unexercisable without having been
exercised in full, or is surrendered pursuant to an Option Exchange Program, the
unpurchased Shares which were subject thereto shall become available for future
grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated).

     4.   Administration of the Plan.

          (a)  Administration. The Plan shall be administered by (i) the Board
or (ii) a Committee, which committee shall be constituted to satisfy Applicable
Laws.

                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4


          (b)  Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the
Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated
by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator shall have the authority, in
its discretion:

               (i)  to determine the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock;

               (ii) to select the Service Providers to whom Options may be
granted hereunder;

               (iii) to determine whether and to what extent Options are granted
hereunder;

               (iv) to determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be
covered by each Option granted hereunder;

               (v)  to approve forms of agreement for use under the Plan;

               (vi) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with
the terms of the Plan, of any award granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions
include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when
Options may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any
vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction
or limitation regarding any Option or the shares of Common Stock relating
thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Administrator, in its sole
discretion, shall determine;

               (vii) to reduce the exercise price of any Option to the then
current Fair Market Value if the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock covered
by such Option shall have declined since the date the Option was granted;

               (viii) to institute an Option Exchange Program;

               (ix) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and awards
granted pursuant to the Plan;

               (x)  to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations
relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans
established for the purpose of qualifying for preferred tax treatment under
foreign tax laws;

               (xi) to modify or amend each Option (subject to Section 14(b) of
the Plan), including the discretionary authority to extend the post-termination
exercisability period of Options longer than is otherwise provided for in the
Plan;

               (xii) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company
any instrument required to effect the grant of an Option previously granted by
the Administrator;

               (xiii) to determine the terms and restrictions applicable to
Options;

                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5

               (xiv) to allow Optionees to satisfy withholding tax obligations
by electing to have the Company withhold from the Shares to be issued upon
exercise of an Option that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to
the amount required to be withheld. The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be
withheld shall be determined on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld
is to be determined. All elections by an Optionee to have Shares withheld for
this purpose shall be made in such form and under such conditions as the
Administrator may deem necessary or advisable; and

               (xv) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or
advisable for administering the Plan.

          (c)  Effect of Administrator's Decision. The Administrator's
decisions, determinations and interpretations shall be final and binding on all
Optionees and any other holders of Options.

     5.   Eligibility. Options may be granted to Service Providers; provided,
however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan,
Options may not be granted to Officers and Directors, except for grants to
Officers and Directors not previously employed by the Company, which are an
essential inducement to such Officers' or Directors' entering into an employment
contract with the Company.

     6.   Limitation. Neither the Plan nor any Option shall confer upon an
Optionee any right with respect to continuing the Optionee's relationship as a
Service Provider with the Company, nor shall they interfere in any way with the
Optionee's right or the Company's right to terminate such relationship at any
time, with or without cause.

     7.   Term of Plan. The Plan shall become effective upon its adoption by the
Board. It shall continue in effect for ten (10) years, unless sooner terminated
under Section 14 of the Plan.

     8.   Term of Option. The term of each Option shall be stated in the Option
Agreement.

     9.   Option Exercise Price and Consideration.

          (a)  Exercise Price. The per share exercise price for the Shares to be
issued pursuant to exercise of an Option shall be determined by the
Administrator.

          (b)  Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is
granted, the Administrator shall fix the period within which the Option may be
exercised and shall determine any conditions which must be satisfied before the
Option may be exercised.

          (c)  Form of Consideration. The Administrator shall determine the
acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the method
of payment. Such consideration may consist entirely of:

               (i)  cash;

                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6

               (ii) check;

               (iii) promissory note;

               (iv) other Shares which (A) in the case of Shares acquired upon
exercise of an option, have been owned by the Optionee for more than six months
on the date of surrender, and (B) have a Fair Market Value on the date of
surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which said
Option shall be exercised;

               (v)  consideration received by the Company under a cashless
exercise program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan;

               (vi) a reduction in the amount of any Company liability to the
Optionee, including any liability attributable to the Optionee's participation
in any Company-sponsored deferred compensation program or arrangement;

               (vii) such other consideration and method of payment for the
issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws; or

               (viii) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment.

     10.  Exercise of Option.

          (a)  Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Shareholder. Any Option
granted hereunder shall be exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at
such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set
forth in the Option Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of
a Share.

               An Option shall be deemed exercised when the Company receives:
(i) written or electronic notice of exercise (in accordance with the Option
Agreement) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full
payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised. Full
payment may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the
Administrator and permitted by the Option Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued
upon exercise of an Option shall be issued in the name of the Optionee or, if
requested by the Optionee, in the name of the Optionee and his or her spouse.
Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books
of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right
to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder shall exist
with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option.
The Company shall issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the
Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right
for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as
provided in Section 12 of the Plan.

               Exercising an Option in any manner shall decrease the number of
Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under
the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.

                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7

          (b)  Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider. If an Optionee
ceases to be a Service Provider, other than upon the Optionee's death or
Disability, the Optionee may exercise his or her Option, but only within such
period of time as is specified in the Option Agreement, and only to the extent
that the Option is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than
the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement).
In the absence of a specified time in the Option Agreement, the Option shall
remain exercisable for three (3) months following the Optionee's termination.
If, on the date of termination, the Optionee is not vested as to his or her
entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option shall
revert to the Plan. If, after termination, the Optionee does not exercise his or
her Option within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option shall
terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.

          (c)  Disability of Optionee. If an Optionee ceases to be a Service
Provider as a result of the Optionee's Disability, the Optionee may exercise his
or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Option
Agreement, to the extent the Option is vested on the date of termination (but in
no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in
the Option Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Option
Agreement, the Option shall remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following
the Optionee's termination. If, on the date of termination, the Optionee is not
vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested
portion of the Option shall revert to the Plan. If, after termination, the
Optionee does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein,
the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert
to the Plan.

          (d)  Death of Optionee. If an Optionee dies while a Service Provider,
the Option may be exercised within such period of time as is specified in the
Option Agreement (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such
Option as set forth in the Notice of Grant), by the Optionee's estate or by a
person who acquires the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance,
but only to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of death. In the
absence of a specified time in the Option Agreement, the Option shall remain
exercisable for twelve (12) months following the Optionee's termination. If, at
the time of death, the Optionee is not vested as to his or her entire Option,
the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option shall immediately
revert to the Plan. The Option may be exercised by the executor or administrator
of the Optionee's estate or, if none, by the person(s) entitled to exercise the
Option under the Optionee's will or the laws of descent or distribution. If the
Option is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Option shall
terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.

          (e)  Buyout Provisions. The Administrator may at any time offer to buy
out for a payment in cash or Shares, an Option previously granted based on such
terms and conditions as the Administrator shall establish and communicate to the
Optionee at the time that such offer is made.

     11.  Non-Transferability of Options. Unless determined otherwise by the
Administrator, an Option may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated,
transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of
descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the
Optionee, only by the Optionee. If the Administrator makes an Option
transferable,

                                       -7-
<PAGE>   8

such Option shall contain such additional terms and conditions as the
Administrator deems appropriate.

     12.  Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization, Dissolution, Merger or
Asset Sale.

          (a)  Changes in Capitalization. Subject to any required action by the
shareholders of the Company, the number of shares of Common Stock covered by
each outstanding Option, and the number of shares of Common Stock which have
been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Options have yet
been granted or which have been returned to the Plan upon cancellation or
expiration of an Option, as well as the price per share of Common Stock covered
by each such outstanding Option, shall be proportionately adjusted for any
increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting
from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or
reclassification of the Common Stock, or any other increase or decrease in the
number of issued shares of Common Stock effected without receipt of
consideration by the Company; provided, however, that conversion of any
convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have been "effected
without receipt of consideration." Such adjustment shall be made by the Board,
whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive.
Except as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of
stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class,
shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to,
the number or price of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option.

          (b)  Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed
dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator shall notify each
Optionee as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed
transaction. The Administrator in its discretion may provide for an Optionee to
have the right to exercise his or her Option until ten (10) days prior to such
transaction as to all of the Optioned Stock covered thereby, including Shares as
to which the Option would not otherwise be exercisable. In addition, the
Administrator may provide that any Company repurchase option applicable to any
Shares purchased upon exercise of an Option shall lapse as to all such Shares,
provided the proposed dissolution or liquidation takes place at the time and in
the manner contemplated. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an
Option will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed
action.

          (c)  Merger or Asset Sale. In the event of a merger of the Company
with or into another corporation, or the sale of substantially all of the assets
of the Company, each outstanding Option shall be assumed or an equivalent option
or right substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of
the successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses
to assume or substitute for the Option, the Optionee shall fully vest in and
have the right to exercise the Option as to all of the Optioned Stock, including
Shares as to which it would not otherwise be vested or exercisable. If an Option
becomes fully vested and exercisable in lieu of assumption or substitution in
the event of a merger or sale of assets, the Administrator shall notify the
Optionee in writing or electronically that the Option shall be fully vested and
exercisable for a period of fifteen (15) days from the date of such notice, and
the Option shall terminate upon the expiration of such period. For the purposes
of this paragraph, the Option shall be considered assumed if, following the
merger or sale of assets, the option or right confers the right to purchase or


                                      -8-
<PAGE>   9

receive, for each Share of Optioned Stock, immediately prior to the merger or
sale of assets, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or
property) received in the merger or sale of assets by holders of Common Stock
for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders
were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the
holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if
such consideration received in the merger or sale of assets is not solely common
stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with
the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be
received upon the exercise of the Option, for each Share of Optioned Stock to be
solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair
market value to the per share consideration received by holders of Common Stock
in the merger or sale of assets.

     13.  Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Option shall be, for all
purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting
such Option, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator.
Notice of the determination shall be provided to each Optionee within a
reasonable time after the date of such grant.

     14.  Amendment and Termination of the Plan.

          (a)  Amendment and Termination. The Board may at any time amend,
alter, suspend or terminate the Plan.

          (b)  Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration,
suspension or termination of the Plan shall impair the rights of any Optionee,
unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Optionee and the Administrator,
which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Optionee and the Company.
Termination of the Plan shall not affect the Administrator's ability to exercise
the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to options granted under the
Plan prior to the date of such termination.

     15.  Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.

          (a)  Legal Compliance. Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the
exercise of an Option unless the exercise of such Option and the issuance and
delivery of such Shares shall comply with Applicable Laws and shall be further
subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such
compliance.

          (b)  Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise of an
Option the Company may require the person exercising such Option to represent
and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased
only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such
Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is
required.

     16.  Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain
authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is
deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale
of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any

                                      -9-
<PAGE>   10

liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which
such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.

     17.  Reservation of Shares. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will
at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be
sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.


                                      -10-
<PAGE>   11
                                    [FORM OF]

                            NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.

                       2000 NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION PLAN

                             STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

     Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have
the same defined meanings in this Option Agreement.

I.   NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT

     [OPTIONEE'S NAME AND ADDRESS]

     You have been granted an option to purchase Common Stock of the Company,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, as
follows:

     Grant Number
                                         ---------------------------------------

     Date of Grant
                                         ---------------------------------------

     Vesting Commencement Date
                                         ---------------------------------------

     Exercise Price per Share            $
                                          --------------------------------------

     Total Number of Shares Granted
                                         ---------------------------------------

     Total Exercise Price                $
                                          --------------------------------------

     Type of Option:                     Nonstatutory Stock Option

     Term/Expiration Date:
                                         ---------------------------------------

     Vesting Schedule:

     Subject to the Optionee continuing to be a Service Provider on such dates,
this Option shall vest and become exercisable in accordance with the following
schedule:

         [25% OF THE SHARES SUBJECT TO THE OPTION SHALL VEST TWELVE MONTHS AFTER
THE VESTING COMMENCEMENT DATE, AND 1/48TH OF THE SHARES SUBJECT TO THE OPTION
SHALL VEST UPON THE LAST DAY OF EACH MONTH THEREAFTER.]


<PAGE>   12

     Termination Period:

     This Option may be exercised for _____ [DAYS/MONTHS] after Optionee ceases
to be a Service Provider. Upon the death or Disability of the Optionee, this
Option may be exercised for such longer period as provided in the Plan. In no
event shall this Option be exercised later than the Term/Expiration Date as
provided above.

II.  AGREEMENT

     1.   Grant of Option. The Plan Administrator of the Company hereby grants
to the Optionee named in the Notice of Grant attached as Part I of this
Agreement (the "Optionee") an option (the "Option") to purchase the number of
Shares, as set forth in the Notice of Grant, at the exercise price per share set
forth in the Notice of Grant (the "Exercise Price"), subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to
Section 14(b) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and
conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement,
the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail.

     2.   Exercise of Option.

          (a)  Right to Exercise. This Option is exercisable during its term in
accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice of Grant and the
applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement.

          (b)  Method of Exercise. This Option is exercisable by delivery of an
exercise notice, in the form attached as Exhibit A (the "Exercise Notice"),
which shall state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares in
respect of which the Option is being exercised (the "Exercised Shares"), and
such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Company
pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. The Exercise Notice shall be completed
by the Optionee and delivered to [TITLE]. The Exercise Notice shall be
accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised
Shares. This Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company
of such fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by such aggregate Exercise
Price.

          No Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option
unless such issuance and exercise complies with Applicable Laws. Assuming such
compliance, for income tax purposes the Exercised Shares shall be considered
transferred to the Optionee on the date the Option is exercised with respect to
such Exercised Shares.

     3.   Method of Payment. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price shall be by
any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of the Optionee:

          (a)  cash;

          (b)  check;

                                      -2-
<PAGE>   13


          (c)  consideration received by the Company under a cashless exercise
program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan; or

          (d)  surrender of other Shares which (i) in the case of Shares
acquired upon exercise of an option, have been owned by the Optionee for more
than six (6) months on the date of surrender, AND (ii) have a Fair Market Value
on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Exercised
Shares.

     4.   Non-Transferability of Option. This Option may not be transferred in
any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and
may be exercised during the lifetime of Optionee only by the Optionee. The terms
of the Plan and this Option Agreement shall be binding upon the executors,
administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of the Optionee.

     5.   Term of Option. This Option may be exercised only within the term set
out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised during such term only in
accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option Agreement.

     6.   Tax Consequences. Some of the federal tax consequences relating to
this Option, as of the date of this Option, are set forth below. THIS SUMMARY IS
NECESSARILY INCOMPLETE, AND THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.
THE OPTIONEE SHOULD CONSULT A TAX ADVISER BEFORE EXERCISING THIS OPTION OR
DISPOSING OF THE SHARES.

          (a)  Exercising the Option. The Optionee may incur regular federal
income tax liability upon exercise of an NSO. The Optionee will be treated as
having received compensation income (taxable at ordinary income tax rates) equal
to the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of the Exercised Shares on the
date of exercise over their aggregate Exercise Price. If the Optionee is an
Employee or a former Employee, the Company will be required to withhold from his
or her compensation or collect from Optionee and pay to the applicable taxing
authorities an amount in cash equal to a percentage of this compensation income
at the time of exercise, and may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to
deliver Shares if such withholding amounts are not delivered at the time of
exercise.

          (b)  Disposition of Shares. If the Optionee holds NSO Shares for at
least one year, any gain realized on disposition of the Shares will be treated
as long-term capital gain for federal income tax purposes.

     7.   Entire Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan is incorporated herein by
reference. The Plan and this Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their
entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Optionee with
respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the
Optionee's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and
Optionee. This agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not
the choice of law rules, of California.

                                      -3-
<PAGE>   14

     8.   NO GUARANTEE OF CONTINUED SERVICE. OPTIONEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES
THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED
ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (AND NOT
THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED AN OPTION OR PURCHASING SHARES
HEREUNDER). OPTIONEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO
NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A
SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL
NOT INTERFERE WITH OPTIONEE'S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY'S RIGHT TO TERMINATE
OPTIONEE'S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT
CAUSE.

     By your signature and the signature of the Company's representative below,
you and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the
terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. Optionee has
reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an
opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Option
Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Option Agreement.
Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions
or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan
and Option Agreement. Optionee further agrees to notify the Company upon any
change in the residence address indicated below.

OPTIONEE                                NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.

- ------------------------------------    ------------------------------------
Signature                               By

- ------------------------------------    ------------------------------------
Print Name                              Title

- ------------------------------------
Residence Address

- ------------------------------------


                                      -4-
<PAGE>   15

                                    EXHIBIT A

                                    [FORM OF]

                            NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.

                       2000 NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION PLAN

                                 EXERCISE NOTICE

NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.
3965 FREEDOM CIRCLE
SANTA CLARA, CA 95054

Attention:  [TITLE]

     1.   Exercise of Option. Effective as of today, ________________, _____,
the undersigned ("Purchaser") hereby elects to purchase ______________ shares
(the "Shares") of the Common Stock of Networks Associates, Inc. (the "Company")
under and pursuant to the 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") and
the Stock Option Agreement dated, _________, ___ (the "Option Agreement"). The
purchase price for the Shares shall be $, as required by the Option Agreement.

     2.   Delivery of Payment. Purchaser herewith delivers to the Company the
full purchase price for the Shares.

     3.   Representations of Purchaser. Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser
has received, read and understood the Plan and the Option Agreement and agrees
to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions.

     4.   Rights as Shareholder. Until the issuance (as evidenced by the
appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer
agent of the Company) of the Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or
any other rights as a shareholder shall exist with respect to the Optioned
Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares so acquired shall
be issued to the Optionee as soon as practicable after exercise of the Option.
No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record
date is prior to the date of issuance, except as provided in Section 12 of the
Plan.

     5.   Tax Consultation. Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer
adverse tax consequences as a result of Purchaser's purchase or disposition of
the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted with any tax
consultants Purchaser deems advisable in connection with the purchase or
disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company for
any tax advice.


<PAGE>   16

     6.   Entire Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan and Option Agreement are
incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement, the Plan and the Option
Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and
agreements of the Company and Purchaser with respect to the subject matter
hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Purchaser's interest except by
means of a writing signed by the Company and Purchaser. This agreement is
governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of
California.

Submitted by:                           Accepted by:

PURCHASER                               NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.

- ------------------------------------    ------------------------------------
Signature                               By

- ------------------------------------    ------------------------------------
Print Name                              Title

                                        ------------------------------------
                                        Date Received

Address:                                Address:
        ----------------------------            ----------------------------

        ----------------------------            ----------------------------

        ----------------------------            ----------------------------


                                      -2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.33
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>f69854ex10-33.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.33
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.33

                           NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.

                      GEORGE SAMENUK EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

     This Agreement is made by and between Networks Associates, Inc. (the
"Company"), and George Samenuk  ("Executive") as of January 2, 2001.

     1.   Duties and Scope of Employment.

          (a)  Positions; Employment Commencement Date; Duties.  Executive's
employment with the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall commence upon
January 3, 2001 (the "Employment Commencement Date"). As of the Employment
Commencement Date, the Company shall employ the Executive as the President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company reporting directly to the Board of
Directors of the Company (the "Board"). The period of Executive's employment
hereunder is referred to herein as the "Employment Term." During the Employment
Term, Executive shall render such business and professional services in the
performance of his duties, consistent with Executive's position within the
Company, as shall reasonably be assigned to him by the Board.

          (b)  Board Position and Duties.  Upon the Employment Commencement
Date, Executive shall be appointed to the Board. The Board agrees to work with
Executive to effect his transition to the position of Chairman of the Board no
later than six (6) months following the Employment Commencement Date.

          (c)  Obligations.  During the Employment Term, Executive shall devote
his full business efforts and time to the Company. Executive agrees, during
the Employment Term not to actively engage in any other employment, occupation
or consulting activity for any direct or indirect remuneration without the
prior approval of the Board; provided, however, that Executive may serve in any
capacity with any civic, educational or charitable organization, or as a member
of corporate Boards of Directors or committees thereof without obtaining such
prior approval, so long as such corporation does not compete with the Company.

     2.   Employee Benefits.  During the Employment Term, Executive shall be
eligible to participate in the employee and fringe benefit plans maintained by
the Company that are applicable to other senior management to the full extent
provided for under those plans; provided, however, that Executive shall be
allowed to maintain his coverage under the $10 million term life insurance
policy and the long-term disability insurance policy previously paid for by his
prior employer (the "Prior Life and LTD Coverage"), and the Company, during the
Employment Term, shall either pay the premiums for such coverage directly to
the applicable insurance carriers or shall reimburse Executive for such
coverage directly to the applicable insurance carriers or shall reimburse
Executive for the premiums that he pays to maintain such coverage. During the
period of any such Company-paid Prior Life and LTD Coverage, Executive shall not
be covered by the life insurance and long-term disability programs of the
Company. In the event that, upon or at any time during the Employment Term,
Executive ceases to be covered pursuant to the Prior Life and LTD Coverage,
Executive shall become covered under the life insurance and long-term
disability plans of the Company to the full extent provided for under those
plans. In addition, during the Employment Term, the Company shall pay the cost
of any COBRA payments to insure continuing medical




<PAGE>   2
coverage for Executive, his spouse, and his dependent children until their
transfer to the Company's medical insurance plan is effected.

     3.   Vacation. During the Employment Term, Executive shall be eligible for
paid vacation in accordance with the Company's standard policy for senior
management employees, as it may be amended from time to time; provided,
however, that Executive will receive at least fifteen (15) days of paid
vacation per year.

     4.   Business Expense Reimbursements. During the Employment Term,
Executive shall be authorized to incur necessary and reasonable travel,
entertainment and other business expenses in connection with his duties
hereunder. The Company shall reimburse Executive for such expenses upon
presentation of an itemized account and appropriate supporting documentation,
all in accordance with the Company's generally applicable policies.

     5.   Relocation and Temporary Living Expenses.

          (a)  Relocation Assistance. In connection with Executive's relocation
to the San Francisco Bay Area, the Company will reimburse Executive for the
following reasonable costs:

               (i)   Transaction costs associated with Executive buying a new
residence in the San Francisco Bay Area (including, but not limited to, closing
costs, inspection costs, title insurance costs, brokerage fees and related
fees, etc.).

               (ii)  Transaction costs associated with Executive selling his
existing residence (including, but not limited to, closing costs, inspection
costs, title insurance costs, brokerage fees and related fees, etc.).

               (iii) Costs associated with moving vehicles, household
furnishings and personal effects (including packing and unpacking of household
goods) of Executive and his family to the San Francisco Bay Area.

               (iv)  Costs associated with two house-hunting trips by Executive
and his family to the San Francisco Bay Area (including, but not limited to,
airfare, travel transportation, lodging and meals).

               (v)   Transportation costs associated with Executive and his
family moving to the San Francisco Bay Area.

          (b)  Gross Up Payment. To the extent that the Company's payment or
reimbursement of the relocation costs in Section 5(a) above is taxable to
Executive, the Company will make a tax gross up payment to Executive which,
after the deduction of all applicable taxes, will leave a net amount equal to
the tax payments due.

          (c)  Temporary Living Expenses. The Company will pay for Executive's
temporary living costs until the earlier of October 3, 2001 or such time as
Executive, his spouse, and dependent children permanently relocate to the San
Francisco Bay Area and have moved into a permanent residence in the Bay Area.
The Company and Executive agree that such costs cannot be fully anticipated at
this time, and may include, but are not limited to the following: (i) a monthly


                                      -2-

<PAGE>   3
housing allowance, subject to a maximum monthly payment which, once any
applicable taxes are withheld, will leave a net monthly housing allowance to
Executive of $12,000; Executive may use this monthly allowance for the rental of
temporary housing in the Bay Area comparable to his current residence; and (ii)
reimbursement for weekly weekend airfares for Executive to return home on
commercial airlines. It is expected that Executive will make reasonable efforts
to coordinate these weekend trips home with regular business trips. In the event
that there are additional unanticipated temporary living expenses, the Company
will evaluate in good faith payment of such expenses with the intent to make
Executive whole. To the extent that the Company's payment or reimbursement of
the weekly weekend airfares provided by this Section 5(c) is taxable to
Executive, the Company will make a tax gross up payment to Executive which after
the deduction of all applicable taxes, will leave a net amount equal to the tax
payments due.

     6.   At-Will Employment. Executive and the Company understand and
acknowledge that Executive's employment with the Company constitutes "at-will"
employment. Subject to the Company's obligation to provide severance benefits as
specified herein, Executive and the Company acknowledge that this employment
relationship may be terminated at any time, upon written notice to the other
party, with or without good cause or for any or no reason, at the option either
of the Company or Executive.

     7.   Compensation.

          (a)  Base Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay
the Executive as compensation for his services a base salary at the annualized
rate of seven hundred and twenty thousand dollars ($720,000). Such base salary
shall be paid periodically in accordance with normal Company payroll practices
and subject to the usual, required withholding. Executive's annualized base
salary shall be reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board for
possible adjustments in light of Executive's performance and competitive data
and, if appropriate, Executive's annualized base salary shall be increased. (The
annualized base salary to be paid to Executive pursuant to this Section 7(a),
together with any subsequent increases thereto, shall be referred to in this
Agreement as the "Base Salary.")

          (b)  Bonuses. Executive shall be eligible to earn an annual target
bonus equal to one hundred percent (100%) of Base Salary based upon achievement
of goals mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Executive for each calendar
year starting the year commencing January 1, 2001. (Executive's annual target
bonus opportunity provided by this Section 7(b), together with any subsequent
increases thereto, shall be referred to in this Agreement as the "Target
Bonus.")

          (c)  Loan. The Company shall grant to Executive an interest-free loan
of up to the lesser of (i) six million dollars ($6,000,000) or (ii) 80% of the
new home's sale price to Executive, to purchase a primary residence in the San
Francisco Bay Area (the "Relocation Loan"). The Relocation Loan shall be
fully-recourse and additionally secured by the primary residence. The Relocation
Loan will be due and payable on the earlier of (i) four years following the
Employment Commencement Date; or (ii) nine months following any termination of
Executive's employment with the Company. The Company will work with Executive to
determine the most tax-effective manner to structure the Relocation Loan.


                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4
          (d)  Sign-On Bonus. Subject to accelerated payment as provided in
Sections 7(g)(ii) and 7(g)(iii) below, the Company will pay Executive two
hundred thousand dollars ($200,000) within one week of the Employment
Commencement Date and fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) on each of the first
twelve monthly anniversaries of the Employment Commencement Date for a total
sign-on bonus of eight hundred thousand dollars ($800,000) (the "Sign-On
Bonus"), subject to Executive being employed by the Company as of each payment
date.

          (e)  Stock Option.

               (i)  Grant. As of the Employment Commencement Date, Executive
shall be granted an immediately exercisable stock option (the "Stock Option")
to purchase a total of one million and two hundred thousand (1,200,000) shares
of Company common stock subject to the 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan, as
amended, with a per share exercise price equal to the fair market value of the
shares on the date of grant. Subject to accelerated vesting provisions of this
Agreement, if Executive exercises the Stock Option early, then the Company
shall have the right to repurchase unvested shares subject to the Stock Option
at the original purchase price, in the event of the termination of Executive's
employment prior to vesting. The Stock Option shall be for a term of ten (10)
years (or shorter upon termination of employment relationship with the Company)
and, subject to accelerated vesting as set forth elsewhere herein, shall vest
as follows: (1) twenty-five percent (25%) of the shares subject to the Stock
Option shall vest, and if applicable the Company's right to repurchase the same
such 25% of the shares subject to the Stock Option will lapse, twelve (12)
months after the Employment Commencement Date and (2) one forty-eighth (1/48th)
of the shares subject to the Stock Option shall vest, and if applicable the
Company's right to repurchase the same such portion of shares subject to the
Stock Option shall lapse, each month thereafter on the third (3rd) day of each
month, so as to be one hundred percent (100%) vested on the four (4) year
anniversary of the Employment Commencement Date, conditioned upon Executive's
continued employment with the Company as of each vesting date. Except as
specified otherwise herein, these option grants are in all respects subject to
the terms, definitions and provisions of the Company's 2000 Nonstatutory Stock
Option Plan and the standard form of stock option agreement thereunder (the
"Option Agreement") (as necessarily modified so as not to conflict with the
provisions of this Agreement), which documents are incorporated herein by
reference.

          (f)  Restricted Stock.

               (i)  Grant. On the Employment Commencement Date, Executive shall
purchase four hundred thousand (400,000) shares of the Company's Common Stock
(the "Restricted Stock"), subject to the 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan, at
a price of $0.01 per share, which is equal to the par value of the stock.
Subject to accelerated vesting as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, the
Restricted Stock shall vest and the Company's right to repurchase the Restricted
Stock shall lapse, with respect to one-eighth (1/8) of the Restricted Stock on
each of the first four quarterly anniversaries of the Employment Commencement
Date. The Company's right to repurchase the Restricted Stock shall lapse as to
the remaining fifty percent (50%) of the Restricted Stock and the Restricted
Stock shall vest on the second (2nd) year anniversary of the Employment
Commencement Date, so as to be one hundred percent (100%) vested on the second
(2nd) year anniversary of the Employment Commencement Date. All vesting provided
for in this Section 7(f)(i) is subject to Executive's continued employment with
the Company as of each vesting date. This purchase is subject to Executive
entering into the Company's form of Restricted Stock Purchase


                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5
Agreement, as necessarily modified so as not to conflict with the provisions of
this Agreement, which provides the Company with the right to repurchase
unvested shares at the original purchase price in the event of Executive's
termination of employment prior to vesting and other standard terms and
conditions.

                  (ii)  Loan for Tax Payments. If Executive so requests, the
Company will loan to Executive such amounts as are necessary to pay all taxes
due upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock. The loans will be made subject to
Executive executing a full recourse promissory note and will be at the lowest
interest rates permissible to avoid imputed income and will be secured by those
shares of stock equal to the amount of the particular loan. The loans will be
due two years after the date of the loans.

            (g)   Severance.

                  (i)   Termination For Any Reason. Notwithstanding Executive's
entitlement to severance benefits under certain circumstances discussed below
in this Section 7(g), upon the termination of Executive's employment for any
reason, the Company shall pay Executive all Base Salary, bonus, and accrued but
unpaid vacation earned through the date of termination, reimburse Executive for
all necessary and reasonable expenses in accordance with Section 4 and for any
other expenses pursuant to this Agreement for which reimbursement is still due,
and continue Executive's benefits under the Company's then-existing benefit
plans and policies for so long as provided under the terms of such plans and
policies and as required by applicable law.

                  (ii)  Upon Termination Other Than for Cause or Resignation
for Good Reason Prior to Change of Control. If, prior to a Change of Control,
Executive resigns his employment with the Company for Good Reason or
Executive's employment is terminated by the Company other than for (x) Cause,
(y) Executive's death, or (z) Executive's Total Disability, then, subject to
Executive executing, and not revoking, the Mutual Release of Claims attached
hereto as Exhibit A with the Company and not materially breaching the
provisions of Section 17 hereof, (1) Executive's Stock Option and Executive's
Restricted Stock each shall have their vesting accelerated to receive an
additional twelve (12) months of vesting, and, if applicable, the right of
repurchase applicable to the shares subject to the Stock Option and/or the
Restricted Stock shall lapse as if Executive had worked for the Company for an
additional twelve (12) months, (2) Executive shall receive 24 monthly payments,
each equal to 1/24 of the sum of twice Executive's Base Salary plus twice his
Target Bonus, less applicable withholding, and otherwise in accordance with the
Company's standard payroll practices, (3) the Company shall pay the group
health, dental and vision plan continuation coverage premiums for Executive and
his covered dependents under Title X of the Consolidated Budget Reconciliation
Act of 1985, as amended ("COBRA") through the lesser of (x) eighteen (18)
months from the date of Executive's termination of employment, or (y) the date
upon which Executive and his covered dependents are covered by similar plans of
Executive's new employer, (4) the Company shall pay Executive a lump sum
payment of any remaining portion of the Full Sign-On Bonus that had not already
been paid to Executive, and (5) the Company shall provide Executive with all
other Company welfare plan and fringe benefits, and continued life insurance
and long-term disability coverage (including the Prior Life and LTD coverage),
in which Executive participated prior to his termination through the lesser of
(x) eighteen (18) months from the date of Executive's termination of
employment, or (y) the date upon which Executive and his covered dependents are
covered by similar plans of Executive's new employer,


                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6

and if Executive is ineligible to continue participating in one or more of such
benefit plans or programs of the Company, the Company shall provide Executive
with such benefits on an equivalent basis, including a full Tax Gross-Up to
Executive (which, after deduction of all applicable taxes, will leave a net
amount equal to the tax payments due) to the extent such benefits constitute
taxable income to the Executive but were provided to Executive on a non-taxable
basis while Executive was employed by the Company.

               (iii) Upon Termination Other Than for Cause of Resignation for
Good Reason On or At Any Time Following Change of Control. If, on or at any
time following a Change of Control, Executive resigns his employment with the
Company for Good Reason, or Executive's employment with the Company is
terminated by the Company other than for (x) Cause, (y) Executive's death, or
(z) Executive's Total Disability, then, subject to Executive executing, and not
revoking, the Mutual Release of Claims attached hereto as Exhibit A with the
Company and not materially breaching the provisions of Section 17 hereof, the
Company shall provide Executive with all of the severance benefits listed in
Section 7(g)(ii), except that all of the remaining unvested shares subject to
Executive's Stock Option and all of the remaining unvested shares subject to
Executive's Restricted Stock immediately shall have their vesting accelerated
in full, and if applicable the Company's right to repurchase all of the same
such shares immediately shall lapse.

               (iv) Upon Termination Due to Death. In the event that
Executive's employment terminates due to his death, then an additional amount
of shares equal to fifty percent (50%) of the unvested shares subject to
Executive's Stock Option and Restricted Stock (but not more than the total
number of shares subject to each) immediately shall have their vesting
accelerated in full, and if applicable the Company's right to repurchase the
same such fifty percent (50%) of the unvested shares immediately shall lapse.

               (v) Resignation Other Than For Good Reason or Termination for
Cause. Except as otherwise specified in herein, in the event Executive
terminates his employment other than for Good Reason or Executive's employment
is terminated by the Company for Cause or due to Executive's Total Disability,
then all vesting of the Stock Option, Restricted Stock and any other equity
compensation shall terminate immediately and all payments of compensation by
the Company to Executive hereunder shall immediately terminate (except as to
amounts already earned, as specified in Section 7(g)(i) above).

               (vi) Definitions.

                    (1) Termination for Cause. For the purposes of this
Agreement, a termination of Executive's employment for "Cause" means a
termination of Executive's employment by the Company based upon a good faith
determination by the Board that one or more of the following has occurred: a)
Executive's commission of a material act of fraud with respect to the Company in
connection with Executive carrying out his responsibilities as an employee, b)
Executive's conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony, c)
Executive's gross misconduct in connection with the performance of his duties
hereunder, or d) Executive's material breach of his obligations under this
Agreement; provided, however, that with respect to clauses c) and d), the
Company must first give Executive a written notice and explanation specifying
the basis for the Board's determination of the existence of "Cause" for
termination and then provide Executive with at least thirty (30) days after
delivery of such written notice and explanation to cure


                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7
the alleged basis for the Board's determination. A termination of Executive's
employment by the Company for any other reason or under any other
circumstances, except Executive's death or Total Disability, will be a
termination other than for Cause.

               (2)  Change of Control. For the purposes of this Agreement,
"Change of Control" is defined as:

                    a)   Any "person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d)
and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) becomes the
"beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly or
indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50%) or
more of the total voting power represented by the Company's then outstanding
voting securities; or

                    b)   A change in the composition of the Board occurring
within a two-year period, as a result of which fewer than a majority of the
directors are Incumbent Directors. "Incumbent Directors" shall mean directors
who either i) are directors of the Company as of the date hereof, or ii) are
elected, or nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of
at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors at the time of such election or
nomination (but shall not include an individual whose election or nomination is
in connection with an actual or threatened proxy contest relating to the
election of directors to the Company); or

                    c)   The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the
Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which
would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately
prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining out-standing or by
being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) at least fifty
percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of
the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger
or consolidation; or

                    d)   The consummation of the sale by the Company of all or
substantially all of the Company's assets.

               (3)  Resignation for Good Reason. For the purposes of this
Agreement, a resignation for "Good Reason" means the resignation by Executive of
his employment within ninety (90) days of the occurrence of any one or more the
following events without Executive's written consent, which consent may be
withheld in Executive's sole discretion: a) a reduction by the Company or a
successor in Executive's Base Salary and/or Target Bonus, b) a material
reduction by the Company or a successor in Executive's benefits, c) a reduction
by the Company or a successor in Executive's title and/or a material reduction
in Executive's authority and/or duties, d) a change in Executive's reporting
relationship such that he no longer reports directly to the Board or the Board
of Directors of the Company's successor; e) the requirement that Executive
relocate more than thirty-five (35) miles from his then-current office location;
f) the failure of the Company to make Executive Chairman of the Board by on or
before July 3, 2001; or g) the failure of any successor to the Company to assume
this Agreement pursuant to Section 8 below; provided, however, that Executive
shall first provide the Board with a written notice and explanation specifying
the basis for his determination of the existence of Good Reason for his
resignation and then provide the Board with at least thirty (30) days after
delivery of such written notice and explanation in which to cure such basis, and
further provided that Good Reason will not


                                      -7-
<PAGE>   8
exist for resignation if Executive voted in favor of a Change of Control and
following that Change of Control Executive is not made Chief Executive Officer
of the successor company, but rather, is made the head of a division,
subsidiary, or other business unit with duties, responsibilities and title
comparable to those he possessed prior to the Change of Control.

          (4) Total Disability. For the purposes of this Agreement, "Total
Disability" shall mean Executive's mental or physical impairment which prevents
Executive from performing the responsibilities and duties of his position for
180 consecutive days or six (6) months in the aggregate during any twelve (12)
month period. Any question as to the existence or extent of Executive's mental
or physical impairment upon which Executive and the Company cannot agree shall
be resolved by a qualified independent physician who is an acknowledged expert
in the area of the mental or physical impairment, selected in good faith by the
Board and approved by Executive, which approval shall not unreasonably be
withheld. Upon the existence and required duration of such Total Disability, the
Company may then terminate Executive's employment for such reason by giving
Executive written notice of termination for such reason.

     8. Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of (a) the heirs, beneficiaries, executors and legal representatives of
Executive upon Executive's death and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such
successor of the Company shall be deemed substituted for the Company under the
terms of this Agreement for all purposes. As used herein, "successor" shall
include any person, firm, corporation or other business entity which at any
time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires
all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the
rights of Executive to receive any form of compensation payable pursuant to this
Agreement shall be assignable or transferable except through a testamentary
disposition or by the laws of descent and distribution upon the death of
Executive. Any attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition
(other than as aforesaid) of any interest in the rights of Executive to receive
any form of compensation hereunder shall be null and void.

     9. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications called
for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if (a) delivered
personally or by facsimile, (b) one (1) day after being sent by Federal Express
or a similar commercial overnight service, or (c) three (3) days after being
mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, prepaid and
addressed to the parties or their successors in interest at the following
addresses, or at such other addresses as the parties may designate by written
notice in the manner aforesaid:

          If to the Company:  Networks Associates, Inc.
                              4099 McEwen Road
                              Dallas, TX 75244
                              Attn: General Counsel

          If to Executive:    George Samenuk
                              at the last residential address known by the
                              Company.

     10. Severability. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is
declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or
void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said
provision.

                                      -8-


<PAGE>   9
     11.  Indemnification. The Company and Executive agree to enter into the
Company's standard Indemnification Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit B, upon
Executive commencing employment hereunder.

     12.  Proprietary Information Agreement. Executive agrees to enter into the
Company's standard Employment, Confidential Information and Invention Assignment
Agreement (the "Proprietary Information Agreement") upon commencing employment
hereunder, as modified so as not to conflict with the provisions of this
Agreement.

     13.  Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Stock Plan, the Restricted Stock
Purchase Agreement, the Option Agreements, the employee and fringe benefit
referred to in Section 2, the Indemnification Agreement, and the Proprietary
Information Agreement represent the entire agreement and understanding between
the Company and Executive concerning Executive's employment relationship with
the Company, and supersede and replace any and all prior agreements and
understandings concerning Executive's employment relationship with the Company.

     14.  Non-Binding Mediation, Arbitration and Equitable Relief.

          (a)  The parties agree to make a good faith attempt to resolve any
dispute or claim arising out of or related to this Agreement through
negotiation.

          (b)  In the event that any dispute or claim arising out of or related
to this Agreement is not settled by the parties hereto, the parties will attempt
in good faith to resolve such dispute or claim by non-binding mediation in Santa
Clara County, California to be conducted by one mediator belonging to either the
American Arbitration Association or JAMS. The mediation shall be held within
thirty (30) days of the request therefor, unless the parties agree to a later
deadline. The costs of the mediation shall be borne equally by the parties to
the mediation.

          (c)  Executive and the Company each agree, to the extent permitted by
law, to arbitrate before a single neutral arbitrator, in accordance with the
National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American
Arbitration Association and California Code of Civil Procedure section 1283.05
regarding discovery, any dispute or controversy arising out of, relating to, or
in connection with this Agreement, or the interpretation, validity,
construction, performance, breach, or termination thereof, which has not been
resolved by negotiation or mediation as set forth in Sections 14(a) and 14(b),
except that any dispute or claim for workers' compensation benefits or
unemployment insurance benefits, shall be excluded from this agreement to
arbitrate.

          (d)  The Company shall pay the cost of the arbitration filing and
hearing fees and the cost of the arbitrator, and any other expense or cost that
is unique to arbitration or that Executive would not be required to bear if he
were free to bring the dispute or claim in court. Each party shall bear its own
attorney fees, unless otherwise determined by the arbitrator. The arbitration
shall take place in Santa Clara County, California. The arbitrator shall apply
California law, without reference to rules of conflicts of law, to the
resolution of any dispute. The arbitrator shall issue a written award that sets
forth the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court
having jurisdiction thereof. The award shall be subject to correction,
confirmation, or vacation, as provided by California Code of Civil Procedure
section 1285 et seq. and any applicable California case law setting forth the
standard


                                      -9-


<PAGE>   10

of judicial review of arbitration awards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
parties may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for preliminary or
interim equitable relief, or to compel arbitration in accordance with this
Section 14, without breach of this Section 14.

            (e)   EXECUTIVE AND THE COMPANY EACH UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE
ARBITRATION OF ANY DISPUTE OR CONTROVERSY LISTED IN SECTION 14(c) SHALL BE
INSTEAD OF A HEARING OR TRIAL BEFORE A COURT OR JURY. EXECUTIVE AND THE COMPANY
EACH UNDERSTAND THAT EXECUTIVE AND THE COMPANY ARE EXPRESSLY WAIVING ANY AND
ALL RIGHTS TO A HEARING OR TRIAL BEFORE A COURT OR JURY REGARDING ANY DISPUTE
OR CONTROVERSY LISTED IN SECTION 14(c) WHICH THEY NOW HAVE OR WHICH THEY MAY
HAVE IN THE FUTURE. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted as
restricting or prohibiting Executive from filing a charge or complaint with a
federal, state or local administrative agency charged with investigating and/or
prosecuting such charges or complaints under any applicable federal, state, or
municipal law or regulation.

      15.   No Mitigation. Executive shall not be required to mitigate the
value of any severance benefits contemplated by this Agreement, nor shall any
such benefits be reduced by any earnings or benefits that Executive may receive
from any other source.

      16.   Advisor & Legal Fee Reimbursement. The Company agrees to directly
pay Executive's reasonable advisor and legal fees associated with negotiating
and entering into this Agreement and related documents up to $20,000 upon
receiving general invoices for such services.

      17.   Covenants Not to Compete and Not to Solicit.

            (a)   Covenant Not to Compete. In consideration solely for the
severance benefits that Executive would receive pursuant to Section 7(g)(ii) or
7(g)(iii) after termination of his employment, and contingent upon Executive's
actual receipt of such severance benefits, Executive agrees that, until the
earliest of (i) the end of the twenty-four (24) month period following the date
of the termination of his employment, (ii) the date on which Executive resigns
his employment other than for Good Reason or notifies the Company that he has
voluntarily elected to cease receiving severance benefits, or (iii) the date on
which the Company terminates Executive's employment for Cause or due to Total
Disability or notifies Executive that he is not entitled to any severance
benefits, Executive will not directly engage in (whether as an employee,
consultant, proprietor, partner, director or otherwise), or have any ownership
interest in, or participate in the financing, operation, management or control
of, any person, firm, corporation, business, or segment of any business that is
engaged in the design, development, marketing, distribution, or sale of
anti-virus network security software anywhere in the world; provided, however,
that nothing herein will prevent Executive from being employed by, or providing
services to, any division or business unit of any company, when that division or
business unit is not involved in the design, development, marketing,
distribution, or sale of anti-virus network security software, as long as
Executive has no responsibilities or duties for any division or business unit of
such company that is involved in the design, development, marketing,
distribution or sale of anti-virus network security software. Ownership of less
than 3% of the outstanding voting stock of a corporation or other entity will
not constitute a violation of this Section 17(a).

            (b)   Covenant Not to Solicit. In consideration for the benefits
Executive is to receive herein Executive agrees that he will not, at any time
during the twenty-four (24) months



                                      -10-
<PAGE>   11

following his termination date, directly or indirectly solicit any individuals
to leave the Company's employ for any reason or interfere in any other manner
with the employment relationships at the time existing between the Company and
its current employees.

          (c)  Representations. The parties intend that the covenants contained
in Sections 17(a) and 17(b) shall be construed as a series of separate
covenants, one for each county, city and state (or analogous entity) and
country of the world. If, in any judicial proceeding, a court shall refuse to
enforce any of the separate covenants, or any part thereof, then such
unenforceable covenant, or such part thereof, shall be deemed eliminated from
this Agreement for the purpose of those proceedings to the extent necessary to
permit the remaining separate covenants, or portions thereof, to be enforced.

          (d)  Reformation. In the event that the provisions of this Section 17
should ever be deemed to exceed the time or geographic limitations, or scope of
this covenant, permitted by applicable law, then such provisions shall be
reformed to the maximum time or geographic limitations, as the case may be,
permitted by applicable laws.

          (e)  Reasonableness of Covenants. Executive represents that he (i) is
familiar with the covenants in this Section 17, and (ii) is fully aware of his
obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonableness of the
length of time, scope and geographic coverage of these covenants; provided
however, that Executive only represents that the covenant not to compete in
Section 17(a) is reasonable to the extent that Executive actually would be
receiving severance benefits from the Company during the time period when such
covenant would be in effect.

     18.  No Oral Modification, Cancellation or Discharge. This Agreement may
only be amended, canceled or discharged in writing signed by Executive and an
authorized member of the Board.

     19.  Withholding. The Company shall be entitled to withhold, or cause to
be withheld, from payment any amount of withholding taxes required by law with
respect to payments made to Executive in connection with his employment
hereunder.

     20.  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of California without reference to rules relating to conflict of law.

     21.  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

     22.  Acknowledgment. Executive acknowledges that he has had the
opportunity to discuss this matter with and obtain advice from his private
attorney, has had sufficient time to, and has carefully read and fully
understands all the provisions of this Agreement, and is knowingly and
voluntarily entering into this Agreement.

                                      -11-
<PAGE>   12
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement, in the
case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year
first written above:


NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.

By: /s/ KENT H. ROBERTS
    -------------------------
        Kent H. Roberts

Title: Vice President
       ----------------------


EXECUTIVE

/s/ GEORGE SAMENUK
- -----------------------------
George Samenuk


Attachments:

Exhibit A: Mutual Release of Claims

Exhibit B: Indemnification Agreement




                                      -12-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.34
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>f69854ex10-34.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.34
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.34

                                   AGREEMENT


        This Agreement is made by and between Networks Associates, Inc. ("the
Company"), and you, William L. Larson, as of January 2, 2001 (the "Effective
Date").

        1. You will serve as Special Advisor to the Company from the Effective
Date until one year after the Effective Date (the "Employment Term"). As of the
Effective Date, you resign as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
of the Company and although you will remain an employee of the Company, you
relinquish all other officer and director positions with the Company and its
affiliates. You will render such business and professional services in the
performance of your duties, consistent with your position within the Company, as
shall reasonably be assigned to you by the Company's Board of Directors (the
"Board") or its Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). You will devote your business
efforts and time to the Company and such of its subsidiaries as the Board or CEO
may designate. Your employment with the Company will end one year after the
Effective Date (the "End Date").

        2. At-Will Employment. Your employment with the Company constitutes
"at-will" employment. You and the Company acknowledge that this employment
relationship may be terminated at any time, upon written notice to the other
party, with or without good cause or for any or no cause, at the option of
either you or the Company.

        3.     Employee Benefits and Office.

               (a) Employee Benefits. During the Employment Term, you will be
eligible to participate in accordance with the terms of all Company employee
benefit plans that are applicable to other employees of the Company, as such
plans and terms may exist from time to time, provided you are determined to be
an employee of the Company according to the terms of such plans. However, you
will not accrue any additional vacation under Company's vacation policy after
the Effective Date and you shall not be permitted to participate in the
Company's 401(k) plan. In the event you are determined to be ineligible to
participate in the Company's employee benefit plans and subject to compliance
with Sections 5, 10, 11, 12 and 15 and Exhibit A, the Company shall provide you
with the same level of Company subsidized health (i.e., medical, vision and
dental) coverage and executive benefits as in effect for you on the day of such
determination through the End Date.

               (b) Office. From the Effective Date until your termination of
service to the Company, you will be entitled to the use of an office and support
staff as reasonably necessary to carry out your duties under this Agreement.

        4.     Compensation.

               (a) Base Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company will pay
you as compensation for your services a base salary at the annualized rate of
$420,000 (the "Base Salary"). The Base Salary will be paid through payroll
periods that are consistent with the Company's normal payroll practices,
assuming that you are in compliance with all of your obligations under this
Agreement, including (without limitation) Sections 5, 10, 11, 12 and 15 and
Exhibit A.

<PAGE>   2

               (b) Bonus. The Company will pay you 100% of your target bonus of
$580,000 in equal monthly tranches, assuming that you are in compliance with all
of your obligations under this Agreement, including (without limitation)
Sections 5, 10, 11, 12 and 15 and Exhibit A.

               (c) Stock Options. During the Employment Term, your unexpired
stock options will continue to vest and become exercisable pursuant to the terms
and conditions of the stock option plans and the applicable stock option
agreements by and between you and the Company (or its related applicable
entity), assuming in each case that you are providing services to the Company on
each vesting date and that you are in compliance with all of your obligations
under this Agreement, including (without limitation) Sections 5, 10, 11, 12 and
15 and Exhibit A. For purposes of clarification, the post-termination
exercisability period with respect to your McAfee.com stock options will not
begin while you are providing services to the Company pursuant to this
Agreement. During the Employment Term, only your unexpired stock options to
purchase Company Common Stock will continue to be subject to the terms and
conditions of the prior employment agreement entered into between you and the
Company (the "Change of Control Agreement").

               (d) Indemnification and D&O Insurance. The parties agree that you
will continue to be covered by the terms and conditions of the Indemnity
Agreement entered into between you and the Company on September 7, 1993 (the
"Indemnity Agreement") and that the parties' rights and obligations thereunder
are unaffected by this Agreement.

        5. Settlement Agreement and Release. On the date you sign this
Agreement, you will sign and deliver to the Company a Settlement Agreement and
Release in the form attached as Exhibit A.

        6.     Severance.

               (a) Termination other than for Cause. If the Company terminates
your service to the Company for any reason other than Cause, or you resign as
described in Section 6(c), then, subject to your compliance with Sections 5, 10,
11, 12 and 15 and Exhibit A, you will receive (i) all of the compensation
described in Section 4, including the continued payment of your annual Base
Salary ($420,000) and annual target bonus ($580,000) through the End Date, (ii)
continued vesting of your unexpired stock options to purchase Company Common
Stock through the End Date and ninety (90) days following such period to
exercise such vested options, (iii) continued coverage under the Change of
Control Agreement during such period, ignoring the requirement that you remain a
Company employee, and (iv) the same level of Company subsidized health (i.e.,
medical, vision and dental) coverage and executive benefits as in effect for you
on the day of your termination through the End Date. You will not receive any
other compensation or benefits from the Company except as may required by law in
accordance with established Company plans and policies.

               (b) Voluntary Termination or Termination for Cause. If you
voluntarily terminate your service to the Company for a reason other than as
described in Section 6(c) or the Company terminates your employment for Cause,
then (i) you will receive the Base Salary through the date of termination, and
(ii) you shall not receive any other compensation or benefits from the Company
except as may required by law in accordance with established Company plans and
policies. For example (but not by way of limitation), you will not receive any
of the other compensation described in Section 4.



                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3

               (c) Definition of Cause. Termination of your employment for
"Cause" means termination due to your willful misconduct or gross negligence
which is materially injurious to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole and/or your failure to satisfy any of your obligations under this
Agreement, including (but not limited to) your obligations under Sections 5, 10,
11, 12 and 15 and Exhibit A; provided, however, that the determination that you
have failed to satisfy your obligations under this Agreement must be made in
good faith by the Board and you will be given written notice by the Board
detailing the specific facts of such breach, and a reasonable opportunity (of
least thirty (30) days) to cure same. You will also receive the above-described
severance if you resign from your employment as a result of a material reduction
in your compensation or benefits, a request to move your primary work location
to a place more than twenty-five (25) miles from your work location at the time
this Agreement is executed without your written consent, or if there is a
change, without your written consent, such that you no longer directly report to
the Board.

               (d) Removal of Files. Following your termination of employment,
you may remove your personal files from the Company's premises. Any file
containing "Employment Information" (as defined in Section 10) may not be
removed from the Company's premises without the written consent of the Board.

               (e) Excise Tax. If any payment or benefit you would receive
pursuant to a Change in Control from the Company or otherwise ("Payment") would
(i) constitute a "parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and (ii) but for this
sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the
"Excise Tax"), then such Payment shall be reduced to the Reduced Amount. The
"Reduced Amount" shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that
would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax or (y)
the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever
amount, after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local
employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest
applicable marginal rate), results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of
the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of
the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in payments or
benefits constituting "parachute payments" is necessary so that the Payment
equals the Reduced Amount, reduction shall occur in the following order unless
you elect in writing within three (3) business days of the Change in Control a
different order: reduction of cash payments; cancellation of accelerated vesting
of stock awards; reduction of employee benefits. In the event that acceleration
of vesting of stock award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of
vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of your
stock awards unless you elect in writing a different order for cancellation.

                      (i) The accounting firm engaged by the Company for general
audit purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the Change in
Control shall perform the foregoing calculations. The Company and you shall
equally share all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting
firm required to be made hereunder.

                      (ii) The accounting firm engaged to make the
determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed
supporting documentation, to the Company and you within thirty (30) calendar
days after the date on which your right to a Payment is triggered (if requested
at that time by the Company or you) or such other time as requested by the
Company or



                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4

you. Any good faith determination of the accounting firm made hereunder shall be
final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and you.

                      (iii) If the accounting firm determines that no Excise Tax
is payable with respect to a Payment, either before or after the application of
the reduction set forth in this Section 6(e), it shall furnish the Company and
you with an opinion reasonably acceptable to you that no Excise Tax will be
imposed with respect to such Payment.

        7. Assignment. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of (a) your heirs, executors and legal representatives upon your death
and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be
deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all
purposes. For this purpose, "successor" means any person, firm, corporation or
other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or
otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the
assets or business of the Company. None of your rights to receive any form of
compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred
except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted
assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of your right to
compensation or other benefits will be null and void.

        8. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
called for hereunder shall be in writing and will be deemed given (a) on the
date of delivery if delivered personally, (b) one (1) day after being sent by a
well established commercial overnight service, or (c) four (4) days after being
mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, prepaid and
addressed to the parties or their successors at the following addresses, or at
such other addresses as the parties may later designate in writing:

               If to the Company:

               Networks Associates, Inc.
               3965 Freedom Circle
               Santa Clara, CA  95054

               Attn: General Counsel

               If to you:

               at the last residential address known by the Company.

        9. Severability. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is
declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or
void, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said
provision.

        10. Confidentiality. During the Employment Term and thereafter, you
agree to use your best efforts to maintain in confidence the existence of this
Agreement, the contents and terms of this Agreement, including any documents
incorporated by reference, the consideration for this Agreement, any Company
proprietary information, technical data, trade secrets or know-how, including,
but not limited to, research, product plans, products, services, customer lists
and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of the Company on whom
you called or with



                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5

whom you became acquainted during the term of your employment), markets,
software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs,
drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing, finances
or other business information disclosed to you by the Company either directly or
indirectly in writing or orally (hereinafter collectively referred to as
"Employment Information"). You agree to take every reasonable precaution to
prevent disclosure of any Employment Information to third parties, and agree
that there will be no publicity, directly or indirectly, concerning any
Employment Information. You agree to take every precaution to disclose
Employment Information only to those attorneys, accountants, governmental
entities and family members who have a reasonable need to know of such
Employment Information.

        11. Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation. With respect to the businesses
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries on either the Effective Date or the
date of your termination of employment from the Company and all of it
subsidiaries (collectively, the "Businesses"), you agree that during the period
beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the date on which your employment
with the Company terminates, you, directly or indirectly, whether as employee,
owner, sole proprietor, partner, director, member, consultant, agent, founder,
co-venturer or otherwise, will not engage, participate or invest in (except for
any indirect investments as a result of your investments in venture funds or
mutual funds) any business activity anywhere in the world that is directly
competitive with the principal products or services of the Businesses; and that
during period beginning on the Effective Date and ending one year after the date
on which you terminate employment, you, directly or indirectly, whether as
employee, owner, sole proprietor, partner, director, member, consultant, agent,
founder, co-venturer or otherwise, will (a) not hire or attempt to employ,
recruit or otherwise solicit, induce or influence any person to leave employment
with the Businesses; and (b) not directly or indirectly solicit business from
any of the Businesses' customers and users on behalf of any business that
directly competes with the Businesses.

        12. Non-Disparagement. You and the Company agree to refrain from making
any negative comments about the other concerning their respective business,
products or services, officers, employees and directors and to refrain from any,
defamation, libel or slander of the other and their respective officers,
directors, employees, investors, shareholders, administrators, affiliates,
divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns or
tortious interference with the contracts and relationships of the other and
their respective officers, directors, employees, investors, shareholders,
administrators, affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor and successor
corporations, and assigns.

        13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including Exhibit A), together
with the Change in Control Agreement, the Indemnity Agreement and your stock
option agreements, represents the entire agreement and understanding between the
Company and you concerning your employment relationship with the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements
and understandings concerning your employment relationship with the Company.

        14.    Arbitration and Equitable Relief.

               (a) Except as provided in Section 14(d) below, you and the
Company agree that to the extent permitted by law, any dispute or controversy
arising out of, relating to, or in connection with this Agreement, or the
interpretation, validity, construction, performance, breach, or termination
thereof will be settled by arbitration to be held in the County of San
Francisco,



                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6

California, in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of
Employment Disputes then in effect of the American Arbitration Association (the
"Rules"). The arbitrator may grant injunctions or other relief in such dispute
or controversy. The decision of the arbitrator will be final, conclusive and
binding on the parties to the arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the
arbitrator's decision in any court having jurisdiction.

               (b) The arbitrator will apply California law to the merits of any
dispute or claim (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions). You
hereby expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts located in California for any action or proceeding arising from or
relating to this Agreement and/or relating to any arbitration in which the
parties are participants.

               (c) The Company will pay the direct costs and expenses of the
arbitration. The Company and you each will pay your own counsel fees and
expenses.

               (d) The Company or you may apply to any court of competent
jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other
interim or conservatory relief, as necessary to enforce the provisions of this
Agreement, without breach of this arbitration agreement and without abridgement
of the powers of the arbitrator.

               (e) You understand that nothing in this Section 14 modifies your
at-will status. Either the Company or you can terminate the employment
relationship at any time, with or without cause.

               (f) YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS SECTION 14, WHICH DISCUSSES
ARBITRATION. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AGREE TO THE
EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, TO SUBMIT ANY FUTURE CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING
TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE INTERPRETATION, VALIDITY,
CONSTRUCTION, PERFORMANCE, BREACH, OR TERMINATION THEREOF TO BINDING
ARBITRATION, AND THAT THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF YOUR RIGHT
TO A JURY TRIAL AND RELATES TO THE RESOLUTION OF ALL DISPUTES RELATING TO ALL
ASPECTS OF THE EMPLOYER/EXECUTIVE RELATIONSHIP, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE FOLLOWING CLAIMS:

                      (i) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS FOR WRONGFUL DISCHARGE OF
EMPLOYMENT; BREACH OF CONTRACT, BOTH EXPRESS AND IMPLIED; BREACH OF THE COVENANT
OF GOOD FAITH AND FAIR DEALING, BOTH EXPRESS AND IMPLIED; NEGLIGENT OR
INTENTIONAL INFLICTION OF EMOTIONAL DISTRESS; NEGLIGENT OR INTENTIONAL
MISREPRESENTATION; NEGLIGENT OR INTENTIONAL INTERFERENCE WITH CONTRACT OR
PROSPECTIVE ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE; AND DEFAMATION;

                      (ii) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS FOR VIOLATION OF ANY FEDERAL STATE
OR MUNICIPAL STATUTE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE AMERICANS WITH
DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990, THE FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT, AND ANY LAW OF ANY
STATE; AND



                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7

                      (iii) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY OTHER LAWS AND
REGULATIONS RELATING TO EMPLOYMENT OR EMPLOYMENT DISCRIMINATION.

        15. Cooperation with Company. During and after the Employment Term, you
will cooperate fully with the Company, including, but not limited to, responding
to the reasonable requests of the Company's Board or General Counsel, in
connection with any and all existing or future litigation, arbitrations,
mediations or investigations brought by or against the Company or any of its
affiliates, agents, officers, directors or employees, whether administrative,
civil or criminal in nature, in which the Company reasonably deems your
cooperation necessary or desirable. You agree to provide reasonable advice,
assistance and information, including offering and explaining evidence,
providing sworn statements, participating in discovery and trial preparation and
testimony as may reasonably be deemed necessary or desirable by the Company
relating to its position in any such legal proceedings. You also agree to
promptly send the Company copies of all correspondence (for example, but not
limited to, subpoenas) received by you in connection with any such legal
proceedings, unless you are expressly prohibited by law from so doing. You will
act in good faith to furnish the information and cooperation required by this
Section 15 and the Company will act in good faith so that the requirement to
furnish such information and cooperation does not create an undue hardship for
you. The Company will reimburse you for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by you as a result of your cooperation, within ten (10) days of the
presentation of appropriate documentation thereof, in accordance with the
Company's standard reimbursement policies and procedures. The failure by you to
cooperate fully with the Company in accordance with this Section 15 will be a
material breach of the terms of this Agreement which will result in all
commitments of the Company to make additional payments to you becoming null and
void. Notwithstanding anything in this Section, it is agreed that if possible
the Company will provide you with reasonable advance notice regarding these
activities, and that any requests made hereunder by the Company will be made in
good faith and reasonable.

        16. No Oral Modification, Cancellation or Discharge. This Agreement may
be changed or terminated only in writing (signed by you and the Board).

        17. Withholding. The Company is authorized to withhold, or cause to be
withheld, from any payment or benefit under this Agreement the full amount of
any applicable withholding taxes.

        18. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the
State of California (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions).

        19. Authority. The Company represents and warrants that the person
signing this Agreement on its behalf has full authority to act for the Company.

        20. Acknowledgment. You acknowledge that you (i) have read this
Agreement, (ii) have been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and
execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of your own choice or that you
voluntarily have declined to seek counsel, (iii) understand the terms and
consequences of this Agreement, and (iv) are fully aware of the legal and
binding effect of this Agreement.



                                      -7-
<PAGE>   8

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement on the
respective dates set forth above.


                                        WILLIAM L. LARSON


                                        /s/ WILLIAM L. LARSON
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        William L. Larson



                                        NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.



                                        By: /s/ KENT H. ROBERTS
                                           -------------------------------------

                                        Title: Vice President, Legal Affairs
                                              ----------------------------------



                                      -8-
<PAGE>   9
                                   EXHIBIT A

                        SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND RELEASE

     This Settlement Agreement and Release ("Agreement") is made by and between
Networks Associates, Inc. (the "Company"), and William L. Larson ("Employee") as
of January 2, 2001.

     WHEREAS, Employee was employed by the Company as its Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board; and

     WHEREAS, the Company and Employee have entered into an Agreement dated
January 2, 2001 (the "Initial Agreement"), whereby Employee will resign as
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board and will thereafter serve as
Special Advisor to the Company;

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, the
Company and Employee (collectively referred to as "the Parties") hereby agree
as follows:

     1.   Termination. Employee's position with the Company as Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board terminated on January 2, 2001.

     2.   Consideration. As consideration for this Agreement, the Company has
entered into the Initial Agreement and will pay the compensation described in
Section 4 of the Initial Agreement.

     3.   Confidential Information. Employee shall continue to maintain the
confidentiality of all confidential and proprietary information of the Company
and shall continue to comply with the terms and conditions of any
confidentiality agreement between Employee and the Company.

     4.   Employee Release of Claims. Employee, on behalf of himself, and his
respective heirs, family members, executors and assigns, hereby fully and
forever releases the Company and its past, present and future officers, agents,
directors, employees, investors, shareholders, administrators, affiliates,
divisions, subsidiaries, parents, predecessor and successor corporations, and
assigns, from, and agrees not to sue or otherwise institute or cause to be
instituted any legal or administrative proceedings concerning any claim, duty,
obligation or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind, whether
presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that he may possess
arising from any omissions, acts or facts that have occurred up until and
including the Effective Date of this Agreement including, without limitation.

          (a)  any and all claims relating to or arising from Employee's
employment relationship with the Company and the termination of that
relationship;

          (b)  any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment;
termination in violation of public policy; discrimination; breach of contract,
both express and implied; breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing,
both express and implied; promissory estoppel; negligent or intentional
infliction of emotional distress; negligent or intentional misrepresentation;
negligent or

<PAGE>   10

intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage;
unfair business practices; defamation; libel; slander; negligence; personal
injury; assault; battery; invasion of privacy; false imprisonment; and
conversion;

          (c)  any and all claims for violation of any federal, state or
municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment
Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Fair Labor
Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, The Worker
Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the California Fair Employment and
Housing Act, and Labor Code Section 201, et seq. and Section 970, et. seq. and
all amendments to each such Act as well as the regulations issued thereunder.

          (d)  any and all claims for violation of the federal, or any state,
constitution;

          (e)  any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations
relating to employment or employment discrimination; and

          (f)  any and all claims for attorneys' fees and costs.

     Employee agrees that the release set forth in this section shall be and
remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the
matters released. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this release does not extend
to (i) any obligations incurred under this Agreement, (ii) any claims for
compensation or severance earned by or due to the Employee (including salary,
bonus, vesting and benefits) under the terms of the Initial Agreement, the
Change in Control Agreement and the Indemnity Agreement, and (iii) any of the
Employee's vested benefits, including his 401(k) benefits.

     Employee acknowledges and agrees that any breach of this paragraph shall
constitute a material breach of the Agreement and of the Initial Agreement.
Employee shall also be responsible to the Company for all costs, attorneys'
fees and any and all damages incurred by the Company in defending against a
claim or suit brought or pursued by Employee in violation of this provision.

     5.   Acknowledgement of Waiver of Claims under ADEA. Employee acknowledges
that he is waiving and releasing any rights he may have under the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ("ADEA") and that this waiver and
release is knowing and voluntary. Employee and the Company agree that this
waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under
the ADEA after the Effective Date of this Agreement. Employee acknowledges that
the consideration given for this waiver and release Agreement is in addition to
anything of value to which Employee was already entitled. Employee further
acknowledges that he has been advised by this writing that (a) he should
consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement; (b) he has at least
twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement; (c) he has seven
(7) days following the execution of this Agreement by the parties to revoke the
Agreement; and (d) this Agreement shall not be effective until the revocation
period has expired. Any revocation should be in writing and delivered to the
Company's General Counsel at Networks Associates, Inc., 3965 Freedom Circle,
Santa Clara, California 95054, by close of business on the seventh day from the
date that Employee signs this Agreement.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>   11
      6.    Civil Code Section 1542. Employee represents that he is not aware
of any claims against the Company other than the claims that are released by
this Agreement. Employee acknowledges that he has been advised by legal counsel
and is familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542,
which provides as follows:

            A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE
            CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT
            THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM
            MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE
            DEBTOR.

      Employee, being aware of said code section, agrees to expressly waive any
rights he may have thereunder, as well as under any other statute or common law
principles of similar effect.

      7.    No Pending or Future Lawsuits. Employee represents that he has no
lawsuits, claims, or actions pending in his name, or on behalf of any other
person or entity, against the Company or any other person or entity referred to
herein. Employee also represents that he does not intend to bring any claims on
his own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity against the Company
or any other person or entity referred to herein.

      8.    Application for Employment. Employee understands and agrees that,
as a condition of this Agreement and the Initial Agreement, he shall not be
entitled to any employment with the Company, its subsidiaries, or any
successor, and he hereby waives any right, or alleged right, of employment or
re-employment with the Company. Employee further agrees that he will not apply
for employment with the Company, its subsidiaries, its parents, or related
companies, or any successor and will not apply to work as an independent
contractor for the Company, its parents, its subsidiaries or any successor.

      9.    Confidentiality. Employee and the Company agree to use their best
efforts to maintain in confidence the existence of this Agreement, the contents
and terms of this Agreement, including any documents incorporated by reference,
the consideration for this Agreement, any applicable proprietary information,
technical data, trade secrets or know-how, including, but not limited to,
research, product plans, products, services, customer lists and customers
(including, but not limited to, customers of the Company on whom Employee
called or with whom Employee became acquainted during the term of his
employment), markets, software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas,
technology, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information,
marketing, finances or other business information disclosed to Employee by the
Company either directly or indirectly in writing or orally (hereinafter
collectively referred to as "Employment Information"). Employee and the Company
agree to take every reasonable precaution to prevent disclosure of any
Employment Information to third parties, and agree that there will be no
publicity, directly or indirectly, concerning any Employment Information.
Employee and the Company agree to take every precaution to disclose Employment
Information only to those attorneys, accountants, governmental entities and
family members who have a reasonable need to know of such Employment
Information.


                                      -3-
<PAGE>   12

      10.   No Cooperation. Employee and the Company agree they will not act in
any manner that might damage the business of the other. Employee and the
Company agree that they will not counsel or assist any attorneys or their
clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences,
grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third party against the other
and/or any officer, director, employee, agent, representative, shareholder or
attorney of the other, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so.

      11.   Non-Disparagement. Employee and the Company agree to refrain from
making any negative comments concerning the other's business, products or
services, officers, employees and directors and to refrain from any,
defamation, libel or slander of the other and their respective officers,
directors, employees, investors, shareholders, administrators, affiliates,
divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns or
tortious interference with the contracts and relationships of the other and
their respective officers, directors, employees, investors, shareholders,
administrators, affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor and successor
corporations, and assigns.

      12.   No Admission of Liability. Employee and the Company understand and
acknowledge that this Agreement constitutes a compromise and settlement of
disputed claims. No action taken by Employee or the Company, either previously
or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an
admission of the truth or falsify of any claims heretofore made or (b) an
acknowledgement or admission by Employee or the Company of any fault or
liability whatsoever to the other or to any third party.

      13.   Costs. The Parties shall each bear their own costs, expert fees,
attorneys' fees and other fees incurred in connection with this Agreement.

      14.   Arbitration. The Parties agree that any and all disputes arising
out of the terms of this Agreement, their interpretation, and any of the
matters herein released, shall be subject to binding arbitration as described
in the Initial Agreement.

      15.   Authority. Employee represents and warrants that he has the
capacity to act on his own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through
him to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

      16.   No Representations. Employee represents that he has had the
opportunity to consult with an attorney, and has carefully read and understands
the scope and effect of the provisions of this Agreement. Neither party has
relied upon any representations or statements made by the other party hereto
which are not specifically set forth in this Agreement.

      17.   Severability. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is
declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or
void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said
provision.

      18.   Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Initial Agreement and any
confidentiality agreement represent the entire agreement and understanding
between the Company and Employee concerning these matters.


                                      -4-
<PAGE>   13

     19.  No Oral Modification. This Agreement may only be amended in writing
signed by Employee and an authorized officer of the Company.

     20.  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal
substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the State of California.

     21.  Effective Date. This Agreement is effective eight (8) days after it
has been signed by both Parties.

     22.  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and
each counterpart shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall
constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the
undersigned.

     23.  Voluntary Execution of Agreement. This Agreement is executed
voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of
the Parties hereto, with the full intent of releasing all claims. The Parties
acknowledge that:

          (a)  They have read this Agreement;

          (b)  They have been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and
execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of their own choice or that they
have voluntarily declined to seek such counsel;

          (c)  They understand the terms and consequences of this Agreement and
of the releases it contains;

          (d)  They are fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this
Agreement.


                                      -5-


<PAGE>   14
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the
respective dates set forth above.



                                      NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.


                                      By: /s/ KENT H. ROBERTS
                                         ---------------------------------
                                      Title: Vice President, Legal Affairs



                                      WILLIAM L. LARSON, an individual


                                      /s/ WILLIAM L. LARSON
                                      -------------------------------------
                                      William L. Larson




                                      -6-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.35
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>f69854ex10-35.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.35
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.35

                                    AGREEMENT


        This Agreement is made by and between Networks Associates, Inc. ("the
Company"), and you, Prabhat Goyal, as of January 2, 2001 (the "Effective Date").

        1. You will serve as Special Advisor to the Company from the Effective
Date until one year after the Effective Date (the "Employment Term"). As of the
Effective Date, you resign as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President,
Finance and Administration of the Company and although you will remain an
employee of the Company, you relinquish all other officer and director positions
with the Company and its affiliates. You will render such business and
professional services in the performance of your duties, consistent with your
position within the Company, as shall reasonably be assigned to you by the
Company's Board of Directors (the "Board") or its Chief Executive Officer
("CEO"). You will devote your business efforts and time to the Company and such
of its subsidiaries as the Board or CEO may designate. Your employment with the
Company will end one year after the Effective Date (the "End Date").

        2. At-Will Employment. Your employment with the Company constitutes
"at-will" employment. You and the Company acknowledge that this employment
relationship may be terminated at any time, upon written notice to the other
party, with or without good cause or for any or no cause, at the option of
either you or the Company.

        3. Employee Benefits and Office.

               (a) Employee Benefits. During the Employment Term, you will be
eligible to participate in accordance with the terms of all Company employee
benefit plans that are applicable to other employees of the Company, as such
plans and terms may exist from time to time, provided you are determined to be
an employee of the Company according to the terms of such plans. However, you
will not accrue any additional vacation under Company's vacation policy after
the Effective Date and you shall not be permitted to participate in the
Company's 401(k) plan. In the event you are determined to ineligible to
participate in the Company's employee benefit plans and subject to compliance
with Sections 5, 10, 11, 12 and 15 and Exhibit A, the Company shall provide you
with the same level of Company subsidized health (i.e., medical, vision and
dental) coverage and executive benefits as in effect for you on the day of such
determination through the End Date.

               (b) Office. From the Effective Date until your termination of
service to the Company, you will be entitled to the use of an office and support
staff as reasonably necessary to carry out your duties under this Agreement.

        4. Compensation.

               (a) Base Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company will pay
you as compensation for your services a base salary at the annualized rate of
$300,012 (the "Base Salary"). The Base Salary will be paid through payroll
periods that are consistent with the Company's normal



<PAGE>   2

payroll practices, assuming that you are in compliance with all of your
obligations under this Agreement, including (without limitation) Sections 5, 10,
11, 12 and 15 and Exhibit A.

               (b) Bonus. The Company will pay you 100% of your target bonus of
$200,000 in equal monthly tranches, assuming that you are in compliance with all
of your obligations under this Agreement, including (without limitation)
Sections 5, 10, 11, 12 and 15 and Exhibit A.

               (c) Stock Options. During the Employment Term, your unexpired
stock options will continue to vest and become exercisable pursuant to the terms
and conditions of the stock option plans and the applicable stock option
agreements by and between you and the Company (or its related applicable
entity), assuming in each case that you are providing services to the Company on
each vesting date and that you are in compliance with all of your obligations
under this Agreement, including (without limitation) Sections 5, 10, 11, 12 and
15 and Exhibit A. For purposes of clarification, the post-termination
exercisability period with respect to your McAfee.com stock options will not
begin while you are providing services to the Company pursuant to this
Agreement. During the Employment Term, only your unexpired stock options to
purchase Company Common Stock will continue to be subject to the terms and
conditions of the Change of Control Agreement entered into between you and the
Company on April 18, 1996 (the "Change of Control Agreement").

               (d) Indemnification and D&O Insurance. The parties agree that you
will continue to be covered by the terms and conditions of the Indemnity
Agreement entered into between you and the Company on April 18, 1996 (the
"Indemnity Agreement") and that the parties' rights and obligations thereunder
are unaffected by this Agreement.

        5. Settlement Agreement and Release. On the date you sign this
Agreement, you will sign and deliver to the Company a Settlement Agreement and
Release in the form attached as Exhibit A.

        6. Severance.

               (a) Termination other than for Cause. If the Company terminates
your service to the Company for any reason other than Cause, or you resign as
described in Section 6(c), then, subject to your compliance with Sections 5, 10,
11, 12 and 15 and Exhibit A, you will receive (i) all of the compensation
described in Section 4, including the continued payment of your annual Base
Salary ($300,012) and annual target bonus ($200,000) through the End Date, (ii)
continued vesting of your unexpired stock options to purchase Company Common
Stock through the End Date and ninety (90) days following such period to
exercise such vested options, (iii) continued coverage under the Change of
Control Agreement during such period, ignoring the requirement that you remain a
Company employee, and (iv) the same level of Company subsidized health (i.e.,
medical, vision and dental) coverage and executive benefits as in effect for you
on the day of your termination through the End Date. You will not receive any
other compensation or benefits from the Company except as may required by law in
accordance with established Company plans and policies.

               (b) Voluntary Termination or Termination for Cause. If you
voluntarily terminate your service to the Company for a reason other than as
described in Section 6(c) or the Company terminates your employment for Cause,
then (i) you will receive the Base Salary through the date of



                                       -2-
<PAGE>   3

termination, and (ii) you shall not receive any other compensation or benefits
from the Company except as may required by law in accordance with established
Company plans and policies. For example (but not by way of limitation), you will
not receive any of the other compensation described in Section 4.

               (c) Definition of Cause. Termination of your employment for
"Cause" means termination due to your willful misconduct or gross negligence
which is materially injurious to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole and/or your failure to satisfy any of your obligations under this
Agreement, including (but not limited to) your obligations under Sections 5, 10,
11, 12 and 15 and Exhibit A; provided, however, that the determination that you
have failed to satisfy your obligations under this Agreement must be made in
good faith by the Board and you will be given written notice by the Board
detailing the specific facts of such breach, and a reasonable opportunity (of
least thirty (30) days) to cure same. You will also receive the above-described
severance if you resign from your employment as a result of a material reduction
in your compensation or benefits, a request to move your primary work location
to a place more than twenty-five (25) miles from your work location at the time
this Agreement is executed without your written consent, or if there is a
change, without your written consent, such that you no longer directly report to
the CEO or Board.

               (d) Removal of Files. Following your termination of employment,
you may remove your personal files from the Company's premises. Any file
containing "Employment Information" (as defined in Section 10) may not be
removed from the Company's premises without the written consent of the Board or
CEO.

               (e) Excise Tax. If any payment or benefit you would receive
pursuant to a Change in Control from the Company or otherwise ("Payment") would
(i) constitute a "parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and (ii) but for this
sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the
"Excise Tax"), then such Payment shall be reduced to the Reduced Amount. The
"Reduced Amount" shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that
would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax or (y)
the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever
amount, after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local
employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest
applicable marginal rate), results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of
the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of
the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in payments or
benefits constituting "parachute payments" is necessary so that the Payment
equals the Reduced Amount, reduction shall occur in the following order unless
you elect in writing within three (3) business days of the Change in Control a
different order: reduction of cash payments; cancellation of accelerated vesting
of stock awards; reduction of employee benefits. In the event that acceleration
of vesting of stock award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of
vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of your
stock awards unless you elect in writing a different order for cancellation.

                    (i) The accounting firm engaged by the Company for general
audit purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the Change in
Control shall perform the foregoing calculations. The Company and you shall
equally share all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting
firm required to be made hereunder.



                                       -3-
<PAGE>   4

                    (ii) The accounting firm engaged to make the determinations
hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting
documentation, to the Company and you within thirty (30) calendar days after the
date on which your right to a Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by
the Company or you) or such other time as requested by the Company or you. Any
good faith determination of the accounting firm made hereunder shall be final,
binding and conclusive upon the Company and you.

                    (iii) If the accounting firm determines that no Excise Tax
is payable with respect to a Payment, either before or after the application of
the reduction set forth in this Section 6(e), it shall furnish the Company and
you with an opinion reasonably acceptable to you that no Excise Tax will be
imposed with respect to such Payment.

        7. Assignment. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of (a) your heirs, executors and legal representatives upon your death
and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be
deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all
purposes. For this purpose, "successor" means any person, firm, corporation or
other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or
otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the
assets or business of the Company. None of your rights to receive any form of
compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred
except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted
assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of your right to
compensation or other benefits will be null and void.

        8. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
called for hereunder shall be in writing and will be deemed given (a) on the
date of delivery if delivered personally, (b) one (1) day after being sent by a
well established commercial overnight service, or (c) four (4) days after being
mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, prepaid and
addressed to the parties or their successors at the following addresses, or at
such other addresses as the parties may later designate in writing:

               If to the Company:

               Networks Associates, Inc.
               3965 Freedom Cir.
               Santa Clara, CA  95054

               Attn: General Counsel

               If to you:

               at the last residential address known by the Company.

        9. Severability. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is
declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or
void, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said
provision.



                                       -4-
<PAGE>   5

        10. Confidentiality. During the Employment Term and thereafter, you
agree to use your best efforts to maintain in confidence the existence of this
Agreement, the contents and terms of this Agreement, including any documents
incorporated by reference, the consideration for this Agreement, any Company
proprietary information, technical data, trade secrets or know-how, including,
but not limited to, research, product plans, products, services, customer lists
and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of the Company on whom
you called or with whom you became acquainted during the term of your
employment), markets, software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas,
technology, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information,
marketing, finances or other business information disclosed to you by the
Company either directly or indirectly in writing or orally (hereinafter
collectively referred to as "Employment Information"). You agree to take every
reasonable precaution to prevent disclosure of any Employment Information to
third parties, and agree that there will be no publicity, directly or
indirectly, concerning any Employment Information. You agree to take every
precaution to disclose Employment Information only to those attorneys,
accountants, governmental entities and family members who have a reasonable need
to know of such Employment Information.

        11. Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation. With respect to the businesses
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries on either the Effective Date or the
date of your termination of employment from the Company and all of it
subsidiaries (collectively, the "Businesses"), you agree that during the period
beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the date on which your employment
with the Company terminates, you, directly or indirectly, whether as employee,
owner, sole proprietor, partner, director, member, consultant, agent, founder,
co-venturer or otherwise, will not engage, participate or invest in (except for
any indirect investments as a result of your investments in venture funds or
mutual funds) any business activity anywhere in the world that is directly
competitive with the principal products or services of the Businesses; and that
during period beginning on the Effective Date and ending one year after the date
on which you terminate employment, you, directly or indirectly, whether as
employee, owner, sole proprietor, partner, director, member, consultant, agent,
founder, co-venturer or otherwise, will (a) not hire or attempt to employ,
recruit or otherwise solicit, induce or influence any person to leave employment
with the Businesses; and (b) not directly or indirectly solicit business from
any of the Businesses' customers and users on behalf of any business that
directly competes with the Businesses.

        12. Non-Disparagement. You and the Company agree to refrain from making
any negative comments about the other concerning their respective business,
products or services, officers, employees and directors and to refrain from any,
defamation, libel or slander of the other and their respective officers,
directors, employees, investors, shareholders, administrators, affiliates,
divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns or
tortious interference with the contracts and relationships of the other and
their respective officers, directors, employees, investors, shareholders,
administrators, affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor and successor
corporations, and assigns.

        13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including Exhibit A), together
with the Change in Control Agreement, the Indemnity Agreement and your stock
option agreements, represents the entire agreement and understanding between the
Company and you concerning your employment relationship with the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements
and understandings concerning your employment relationship with the Company.



                                       -5-
<PAGE>   6

        14. Arbitration and Equitable Relief.

               (a) Except as provided in Section 14(d) below, you and the
Company agree that to the extent permitted by law, any dispute or controversy
arising out of, relating to, or in connection with this Agreement, or the
interpretation, validity, construction, performance, breach, or termination
thereof will be settled by arbitration to be held in the County of San
Francisco, California, in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution
of Employment Disputes then in effect of the American Arbitration Association
(the "Rules"). The arbitrator may grant injunctions or other relief in such
dispute or controversy. The decision of the arbitrator will be final, conclusive
and binding on the parties to the arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the
arbitrator's decision in any court having jurisdiction.

               (b) The arbitrator will apply California law to the merits of any
dispute or claim (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions). You
hereby expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts located in California for any action or proceeding arising from or
relating to this Agreement and/or relating to any arbitration in which the
parties are participants.

               (c) The Company will pay the direct costs and expenses of the
arbitration. The Company and you each will pay your own counsel fees and
expenses.

               (d) The Company or you may apply to any court of competent
jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other
interim or conservatory relief, as necessary to enforce the provisions of this
Agreement, without breach of this arbitration agreement and without abridgement
of the powers of the arbitrator.

               (e) You understand that nothing in this Section 14 modifies your
at-will status. Either the Company or you can terminate the employment
relationship at any time, with or without cause.

               (f) YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS SECTION 14, WHICH DISCUSSES
ARBITRATION. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AGREE TO THE
EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, TO SUBMIT ANY FUTURE CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING
TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE INTERPRETATION, VALIDITY,
CONSTRUCTION, PERFORMANCE, BREACH, OR TERMINATION THEREOF TO BINDING
ARBITRATION, AND THAT THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF YOUR RIGHT
TO A JURY TRIAL AND RELATES TO THE RESOLUTION OF ALL DISPUTES RELATING TO ALL
ASPECTS OF THE EMPLOYER/EXECUTIVE RELATIONSHIP, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE FOLLOWING CLAIMS:

                    (i) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS FOR WRONGFUL DISCHARGE OF EMPLOYMENT;
BREACH OF CONTRACT, BOTH EXPRESS AND IMPLIED; BREACH OF THE COVENANT OF GOOD
FAITH AND FAIR DEALING, BOTH EXPRESS AND IMPLIED; NEGLIGENT OR INTENTIONAL
INFLICTION OF EMOTIONAL DISTRESS; NEGLIGENT OR INTENTIONAL MISREPRESENTATION;
NEGLIGENT OR INTENTIONAL



                                       -6-
<PAGE>   7

INTERFERENCE WITH CONTRACT OR PROSPECTIVE ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE; AND DEFAMATION;

                    (ii) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS FOR VIOLATION OF ANY FEDERAL STATE
OR MUNICIPAL STATUTE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE AMERICANS WITH
DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990, THE FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT, AND ANY LAW OF ANY
STATE; AND

                   (iii) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY OTHER LAWS AND
REGULATIONS RELATING TO EMPLOYMENT OR EMPLOYMENT DISCRIMINATION.

        15. Cooperation with Company. During and after the Employment Term, you
will cooperate fully with the Company, including, but not limited to, responding
to the reasonable requests of the Company's Chairman of the Board, CEO or
General Counsel, in connection with any and all existing or future litigation,
arbitrations, mediations or investigations brought by or against the Company or
any of its affiliates, agents, officers, directors or employees, whether
administrative, civil or criminal in nature, in which the Company reasonably
deems your cooperation necessary or desirable. You agree to provide reasonable
advice, assistance and information, including offering and explaining evidence,
providing sworn statements, participating in discovery and trial preparation and
testimony as may reasonably be deemed necessary or desirable by the Company
relating to its position in any such legal proceedings. You also agree to
promptly send the Company copies of all correspondence (for example, but not
limited to, subpoenas) received by you in connection with any such legal
proceedings, unless you are expressly prohibited by law from so doing. You will
act in good faith to furnish the information and cooperation required by this
Section 15 and the Company will act in good faith so that the requirement to
furnish such information and cooperation does not create an undue hardship for
you. The Company will reimburse you for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by you as a result of your cooperation, within ten (10) days of the
presentation of appropriate documentation thereof, in accordance with the
Company's standard reimbursement policies and procedures. The failure by you to
cooperate fully with the Company in accordance with this Section 15 will be a
material breach of the terms of this Agreement which will result in all
commitments of the Company to make additional payments to you becoming null and
void. Notwithstanding anything in this Section, it is agreed that if possible
the Company will provide you with reasonable advance notice regarding these
activities, and that any requests made hereunder by the Company will be made in
good faith and reasonable.

        16. No Oral Modification, Cancellation or Discharge. This Agreement may
be changed or terminated only in writing (signed by you and the Board or CEO).

        17. Withholding. The Company is authorized to withhold, or cause to be
withheld, from any payment or benefit under this Agreement the full amount of
any applicable withholding taxes.

        18. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the
State of California (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions).



                                       -7-
<PAGE>   8

        19. Authority. The Company represents and warrants that the person
signing this Agreement on its behalf has full authority to act for the Company.

        20. Acknowledgment. You acknowledge that you (i) have read this
Agreement, (ii) have been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and
execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of your own choice or that you
voluntarily have declined to seek counsel, (iii) understand the terms and
consequences of this Agreement, and (iv) are fully aware of the legal and
binding effect of this Agreement.



                                       -8-
<PAGE>   9

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement on the
respective dates set forth below:

        PRABHAT GOYAL


        /s/ Prabhat Goyal
        -----------------------------
        Prabhat Goyal



        NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.


        /s/ Kent H. Roberts
        -----------------------------
        Vice President, Legal Affairs


                                       -9-
<PAGE>   10
                             AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT

     This Amendment is made as of January 2, 2001, by and between Network
Associates, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY") and Prabhat Goyal
("EMPLOYEE").

     WHEREAS, Employee and the Company entered into an agreement effective
January 2, 2001, regarding the employment relationship between Employee and the
Company (the "EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT").

     WHEREAS, the Company and Employee desire to amend the Employment Agreement
to provide clarification as to the employment relationship between the parties.

     NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

     1.   Section 1 of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended in its
entirety to read as follows:

          "1.  Positions, Duties and Term of Employment.

               (a)  You will serve as Special Advisor to the Company from the
          Effective Date until one year after the Effective Date (the
          "Employment Term"). As of the Effective Date, you resign as Chief
          Financial Officer and Vice President, Finance and Administration of
          the Company and although you will remain an employee of the Company,
          you relinquish all other officer and director positions with the
          Company and its affiliates. You will render such business and
          professional services in the performance of your duties, consistent
          with your position within the Company, as shall reasonably be
          assigned to you by the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board") or
          its Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). Your employment with the Company
          will end one year after the Effective Date (the "End Date"). As a
          Special Advisor, you will no longer be considered an officer for
          purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended.
          Additionally, you will no longer be subject to the Company's insider
          trading policies and shall not be subject to any pre-clearance
          requirements or trading windows for the purchase or sale of your
          Company stock.

               (b)  During the Employment Term and thereafter, you may, subject
          to Sections 10, 11, and 12, engage in any other employment or
          consulting activities for any other entity or person whatsoever. In
          the event you obtain alternative employment with an employer other
          than the Company or any of its affiliates, your role with the Company
          shall either be governed by this Agreement, or, if mutually agreed
          upon in writing between you and the Company, by terms which may
          include, among other things, your change in status from an employee
          to consultant. Absent Cause for terminating your employment (as
          defined in Section 6), and subject to your continued compliance with
          the terms of this Agreement, the Company agrees to use its best faith


<PAGE>   11

          efforts to ensure that you will continue to be an employee, or to
          otherwise provide consulting or advisory services to the Company,
          through the End Date."

     2.   Section 3(a) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended to add the
following sentence to the end of Section 3(a):

          "On the Effective Date, the Company will pay all accrued and unused
          vacation earned through that date, subject to standard payroll
          deductions and withholdings."

     3.   Section 10 of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended to read in
its entirety as follows:

          "10. Confidentiality.

               (a)  Employment Information. During the Employment Term and
          thereafter, you agree to use your best efforts to maintain in
          confidence the existence of this Agreement, the contents and terms of
          this Agreement, including any documents incorporated by reference and
          the consideration for this Agreement (the "Employment Information").
          You agree to take every reasonable precaution to prevent disclosure
          of any Employment Information to third parties, and agree that there
          will be no publicity, directly or indirectly, concerning any
          Employment Information. Notwithstanding the above, you may disclose
          Employment Information in confidence to those attorneys, accountants,
          governmental entities, and family members who have a reasonable need
          to know of such Employment Information.

               (b)  Confidential Information. During the Employment Term and
          thereafter, you agree to hold in the strictest confidence, and not
          use, except for the benefit of the Company to fulfill your employment
          obligations, or to disclose to any person, firm or corporation
          without written authorization of the Board any "Confidential
          Information." You understand that "Confidential Information" means
          any proprietary Company information, technical data, trade secrets
          or know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product plans,
          products, services, customer lists and customers (including, but not
          limited to, customers of the Company on whom you called or with whom
          you became acquainted during the term of your employment), markets,
          software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology,
          designs, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information,
          marketing, finances or other business information disclosed to you by
          the Company either directly or indirectly in writing or orally. You
          further understand that "Confidential Information" does not include
          any of the foregoing items which have become publicly known and made
          generally available through no wrongful act of yours or of others who
          were under confidentiality obligations as to the item or items
          involved. You are free to use your own skill, knowledge, know-how and
          experience to whatever extent and in whichever way you wish,
          provided such use does not in any way involve the use of Confidential
          Information."


                                      -2-

<PAGE>   12
     4.   The last sentence of Section 15 is hereby amended in its entirety to
read as follows:

          "Notwithstanding anything in this Section, it is agreed (i) that if
          possible the Company will provide you with reasonable advance notice
          regarding these activities, (ii) that any requests made hereunder by
          the Company will be made in good faith, shall be reasonable, and will
          not unreasonably interfere with your duties to any employer other than
          the Company, (iii) that you are at all times able to respond to legal
          process and otherwise act as required by applicable law, and (iv)
          that this Section 15 will not apply to any litigations, arbitrations
          or mediations, or if a conflict of interest develops, between you and
          the Company."

     5.   This Amendment and the Employment Agreement, to the extent not amended
hereby, represents the entire agreement and understanding between Employee and
the Company concerning Employee's employment relationship with the Company or
any of its subsidiaries, and supercedes and replaces any and all prior
agreements and understandings concerning Employee's employment relationship with
the Company.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been entered into as of the date
first set forth above.



NETWORK ASSOCIATES, INC.                EMPLOYEE



By: /s/ KENT ROBERTS                    Prabhat K. Goyal
- ------------------------------          ------------------------------
By: Kent Roberts                        Prabhat Goyal


Vice President, Legal Affairs           Prabhat K. Goyal
- ------------------------------          ------------------------------
Title                                   Printed Name



                                      -3-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.36
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>f69854ex10-36.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.36
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.36

                                   AGREEMENT


        This Agreement is made by and between Networks Associates, Inc. ("the
Company"), and you, Peter Watkins, as of December 26, 2000 (the "Effective
Date").

        1.     Positions, Duties and Term of Employment.

               (a) You will serve as Special Advisor to the Company from the
Effective Date until one year after the Effective Date (the "Employment Term").
As of the Effective Date, you resign as President and Chief Operating Officer of
the Company and although you will remain an employee of the Company, you
relinquish all other officer and director positions with the Company and its
affiliates. You will render such business and professional services in the
performance of your duties, consistent with your position within the Company, as
shall reasonably be agreed upon by you and the Company's Board of Directors (the
"Board") or its Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). Your employment with the
Company will end one year after the Effective Date (the "End Date"). As a
Special Advisor, you will no longer be considered an officer for purposes of
Section 16 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. Additionally, you will no
longer be subject to the Company's insider trading policies and shall not be
subject to any pre-clearance requirements or trading windows for the purchase or
sale of your Company stock.

               (b) During the Employment Term and thereafter, you may, subject
to Sections 10, 11, and 12, engage in any other employment or consulting
activities for any other entity or person whatsoever. In the event you obtain
alternative employment with an employer other than the Company or any of its
affiliates, your role with the Company shall either be governed by this
Agreement, or, if mutually agreed upon in writing between you and the Company,
by terms which may include, among other things, your change in status from an
employee to consultant. Absent Cause for terminating your employment (as defined
in Section 6), and subject to your continued compliance with the terms of this
Agreement, the Company agrees to use its best faith efforts to ensure that you
will continue to be an employee, or to otherwise provide consulting or advisory
services to the Company, through the End Date.

        2. At-Will Employment. Your employment with the Company constitutes
"at-will" employment. You and the Company acknowledge that this employment
relationship may be terminated at any time, upon written notice to the other
party, with or without good cause or for any or no cause, at the option of
either you or the Company.

        3.     Employee Benefits and Office.

               (a) Employee Benefits. During the Employment Term, you will be
eligible to participate in accordance with the terms of all Company employee
benefit plans that are applicable to other employees of the Company, as such
plans and terms may exist from time to time, provided you are determined to be
an employee of the Company according to the terms of such plans. However, you
will not accrue any additional vacation under Company's vacation policy after
the

<PAGE>   2

Effective Date and you shall not be permitted to participate in the Company's
401(k) plan. In the event you are determined to be ineligible to participate in
the Company's employee benefit plans and subject to compliance with Sections 5,
10, 11, 12 and 15 and Exhibit A, the Company shall provide you with the same
level of Company subsidized health (i.e., medical, vision and dental) coverage
and executive benefits as in effect for you on the day of such determination
through the End Date. On the Effective Date, the Company will pay all accrued
and unused vacation earned through that date, subject to standard payroll
deductions and withholdings.

               (b) Office. From the Effective Date until the End Date (or
earlier if mutually agreed upon in writing), you will be entitled to the use of
an office and support staff as reasonably necessary to carry out your duties
under this Agreement.

        4.     Compensation.

               (a) Base Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company will pay
you a base salary of $550,000 (the "Base Salary"). The Base Salary will be paid
through payroll periods that are consistent with the Company's normal payroll
practices, assuming that you are in compliance with all of your obligations
under this Agreement, including (without limitation) Sections 5, 10, 11, 12 and
15 and Exhibit A.

               (b) Stock Options. During the Employment Term, your stock options
will continue to vest and become exercisable pursuant to the terms and
conditions of the stock option plans and the applicable stock option agreements
by and between you and the Company. During the Employment Term, only your stock
options to purchase Company Common Stock will continue to be subject to the
terms and conditions of the Change of Control Agreement entered into between you
and the Company on May 1, 1995 (the "Change of Control Agreement"). With respect
to your McAfee.com stock options, without making any representations or
warranties, it is the Company's understanding that during the Employment Term
such stock options will continue to vest according to their terms and that the
post-termination exercisability period will not begin while you are employed by
the Company under this Agreement or otherwise providing consulting or advisory
services to the Company.

               (c) Indemnification and D&O Insurance. The parties agree that you
will continue to be covered by the terms and conditions of the Indemnity
Agreement entered into between you and McAfee Associates on May 1, 1995 (the
"Indemnity Agreement") and that the parties' rights and obligations thereunder
are unaffected by this Agreement.

        5. Settlement Agreement and Release. On the date you sign this
Agreement, you will sign and deliver to the Company a Settlement Agreement and
Release in the form attached as Exhibit A.

        6.     Severance.

               (a) Termination other than for Cause. If the Company terminates
your employment for any reason other than Cause, or you resign as described in
Section 6(c), then,



                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3

subject to your compliance with Sections 5, 10, 11, 12 and 15 and Exhibit A, you
will receive (i) all of the compensation described in Section 4, including the
continued payment of your annual Base Salary ($550,000) through the End Date,
(ii) continued vesting of your stock options to purchase Company Common Stock
through the End Date and ninety (90) days following such period to exercise such
vested options, (iii) continued coverage under the Change of Control Agreement
during such period, ignoring the requirement that you remain a Company employee,
and (iv) the same level of Company subsidized health (i.e., medical, vision and
dental) coverage and executive benefits as in effect for you on the day of your
termination through the End Date. You will not receive any other compensation or
benefits from the Company except as may required by law in accordance with
established Company plans and policies.

               (b) Voluntary Termination or Termination for Cause. If you
voluntarily terminate your employment with the Company for a reason other than
as described in Section 6(c) or the Company terminates your employment for
Cause, then (i) you will receive the Base Salary through the date of
termination, and (ii) you shall not receive any other compensation or benefits
from the Company except as may required by law in accordance with established
Company plans and policies. For example (but not by way of limitation), you will
not receive any of the other compensation described in Section 4.

               (c) Definition of Cause. Termination of your employment for
"Cause" means termination due to your willful misconduct or gross negligence
which is materially injurious to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole and/or your failure to satisfy any of your obligations under this
Agreement, including (but not limited to) your obligations under Sections 5, 10,
11, 12 and 15 and Exhibit A; provided, however, that the determination that you
have failed to satisfy your obligations under this Agreement must be made in
good faith by the Board and you will be given written notice by the Board
detailing the specific facts of such breach, and a reasonable opportunity (of
least thirty (30) days) to cure same. You will also receive the above-described
severance if you resign from your employment as a result of a material reduction
in your compensation or benefits, a request to move your primary work location
to a place more than twenty-five (25) miles from your work location at the time
this Agreement is executed without your written consent, or if there is a
change, without your written consent, such that you no longer directly report to
the CEO or Board.

               (d) Removal of Files. Following your termination of employment,
you may remove your personal files from the Company's premises. Any file
containing "Employment Information" (as defined in Section 10) may not be
removed from the Company's premises without the written consent of the Board or
CEO.

               (e) Excise Tax. If any payment or benefit you would receive
pursuant to a Change in Control from the Company or otherwise ("Payment") would
(i) constitute a "parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and (ii) but for this
sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the
"Excise Tax"), then such Payment shall be reduced to the Reduced Amount. The
"Reduced Amount" shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that
would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax or (y)
the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever
amount, after taking into account all applicable federal, state



                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4

and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at
the highest applicable marginal rate), results in your receipt, on an after-tax
basis, of the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some
portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in
payments or benefits constituting "parachute payments" is necessary so that the
Payment equals the Reduced Amount, reduction shall occur in the following order
unless you elect in writing within three (3) business days of the Change in
Control a different order: reduction of cash payments; cancellation of
accelerated vesting of stock awards; reduction of employee benefits. In the
event that acceleration of vesting of stock award compensation is to be reduced,
such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date
of grant of your stock awards unless you elect in writing a different order for
cancellation.


                      (i) The accounting firm engaged by the Company for general
audit purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the Change in
Control shall perform the foregoing calculations. The Company and you shall
equally share all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting
firm required to be made hereunder.

                      (ii) The accounting firm engaged to make the
determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed
supporting documentation, to the Company and you within thirty (30) calendar
days after the date on which your right to a Payment is triggered (if requested
at that time by the Company or you) or such other time as requested by the
Company or you. Any good faith determination of the accounting firm made
hereunder shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and you.

                      (iii) If the accounting firm determines that no Excise Tax
is payable with respect to a Payment, either before or after the application of
the reduction set forth in this Section 6(e), it shall furnish the Company and
you with an opinion reasonably acceptable to you that no Excise Tax will be
imposed with respect to such Payment.

        7. Assignment. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of (a) your heirs, executors and legal representatives upon your death
and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be
deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all
purposes. For this purpose, "successor" means any person, firm, corporation or
other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or
otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the
assets or business of the Company. None of your rights to receive any form of
compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred
except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted
assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of your right to
compensation or other benefits will be null and void.

        8. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
called for hereunder shall be in writing and will be deemed given (a) on the
date of delivery if delivered personally, (b) one (1) day after being sent by a
well established commercial overnight service, or (c) four (4) days after being
mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, prepaid and



                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5

addressed to the parties or their successors at the following addresses, or at
such other addresses as the parties may later designate in writing:

               If to the Company:

               Networks Associates, Inc.
               3965 Freedom Cir.
               Santa Clara, CA  95054

               Attn: General Counsel

               If to you:

               at the last residential address known by the Company and to
               Steven L. Friedlander, Esq., Cooley Godward LLP, One Maritime
               Plaza, 20th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111.

        9. Severability. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is
declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or
void, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said
provision.

        10.    Confidentiality.

               (a) Employment Information. During the Employment Term and
thereafter, you agree to use your best efforts to maintain in confidence the
existence of this Agreement, the contents and terms of this Agreement, including
any documents incorporated by reference and the consideration for this Agreement
(the "Employment Information"). You agree to take every reasonable precaution to
prevent disclosure of any Employment Information to third parties, and agree
that there will be no publicity, directly or indirectly, concerning any
Employment Information. Notwithstanding the above, you may disclose Employment
Information in confidence to those attorneys, accountants, governmental
entities, family members and prospective employers who have a reasonable need to
know of such Employment Information.

               (b) Confidential Information. During the Employment Term and
thereafter, you agree to hold in the strictest confidence, and not use, except
for the benefit of the Company to fulfill your employment obligations, or to
disclose to any person, firm or corporation without written authorization of the
Board any "Confidential Information." You understand that "Confidential
Information means any proprietary Company information, technical data, trade
secrets or know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product plans,
products, services, customer lists and customers (including, but not limited to,
customers of the Company on whom you called or with whom you became acquainted
during the term of your employment), markets, software, developments,
inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs, drawings, engineering,
hardware configuration information, marketing, finances or other business
information disclosed to you by the Company either directly or indirectly in
writing or orally. You further understand that "Confidential Information" does
not include any of the foregoing items which have become publicly



                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6

known and made generally available through no wrongful act of yours or of others
who were under confidentiality obligations as to the item or items involved. You
are free to use your own skill, knowledge, know-how and experience to whatever
extent and in whichever way you wish, provided such use does not in any way
involve the use of Confidential Information. As a Special Advisor, the Company
will provide such materials to you as are necessary to perform your duties as
Special Advisor. As a Special Advisor, the Company does not intend to provide
you with any Confidential information. Nevertheless, to the extent you receive
Confidential Information as a Special Advisor, you acknowledge and agree to be
bound by this Section 10(b) with respect to such Confidential Information.

        11. Non-Solicitation. During period beginning on the Effective Date and
ending one year after the date on which you terminate employment, you, directly
or indirectly, whether as employee, owner, sole proprietor, partner, director,
member, consultant, agent, founder, co-venturer or otherwise, will (a) not hire
or attempt to employ, recruit or otherwise solicit, induce or influence any
person to leave employment with the Company or its subsidiaries (the
"Businesses"); and (b) not directly or indirectly solicit business from any of
the Businesses' customers and users on behalf of any business that directly
competes with the Businesses.

        12. Non-Disparagement. You and the Company agree to refrain from making
any negative comments about the other concerning their respective business,
products or services, officers, employees and directors and to refrain from any,
defamation, libel or slander of the other and their respective officers,
directors, employees, investors, shareholders, administrators, affiliates,
divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns or
tortious interference with the contracts and relationships of the other and
their respective officers, directors, employees, investors, shareholders,
administrators, affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor and successor
corporations, and assigns.

        13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including Exhibit A), together
with the Change in Control Agreement, the Indemnity Agreement and your stock
option agreements, represents the entire agreement and understanding between the
Company and you concerning your employment relationship with the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements
and understandings concerning your employment relationship with the Company,
including, without limitation, the December 22, 2000, agreement between the
Company and you.

        14.    Arbitration and Equitable Relief.

               (a) Except as provided in Section 14(d) below, you and the
Company agree that to the extent permitted by law, any dispute or controversy
arising out of, relating to, or in connection with this Agreement, or the
interpretation, validity, construction, performance, breach, or termination
thereof will be settled by arbitration to be held in the County of San
Francisco, California, in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution
of Employment Disputes then in effect of the American Arbitration Association
(the "Rules"). The arbitrator may grant injunctions or other relief in such
dispute or controversy. The decision of the arbitrator will be final, conclusive
and binding on the parties to the arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the
arbitrator's decision in any court having jurisdiction.



                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7

               (b) The arbitrator will apply California law to the merits of any
dispute or claim (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions). You
hereby expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts located in California for any action or proceeding arising from or
relating to this Agreement and/or relating to any arbitration in which the
parties are participants.

               (c) The Company will pay the direct costs and expenses of the
arbitration. The Company and you each will pay your own counsel fees and
expenses.

               (d) The Company or you may apply to any court of competent
jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other
interim or conservatory relief, as necessary to enforce the provisions of this
Agreement, without breach of this arbitration agreement and without abridgement
of the powers of the arbitrator.

               (e) You understand that nothing in this Section 14 modifies your
at-will status. Either the Company or you can terminate the employment
relationship at any time, with or without cause.

               (f) YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS SECTION 14, WHICH DISCUSSES
ARBITRATION. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AGREE TO THE
EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, TO SUBMIT ANY FUTURE CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING
TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE INTERPRETATION, VALIDITY,
CONSTRUCTION, PERFORMANCE, BREACH, OR TERMINATION THEREOF TO BINDING
ARBITRATION, AND THAT THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF YOUR RIGHT
TO A JURY TRIAL AND RELATES TO THE RESOLUTION OF ALL DISPUTES RELATING TO ALL
ASPECTS OF THE EMPLOYER/EXECUTIVE RELATIONSHIP, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE FOLLOWING CLAIMS:

                      (i) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS FOR WRONGFUL DISCHARGE OF
EMPLOYMENT; BREACH OF CONTRACT, BOTH EXPRESS AND IMPLIED; BREACH OF THE COVENANT
OF GOOD FAITH AND FAIR DEALING, BOTH EXPRESS AND IMPLIED; NEGLIGENT OR
INTENTIONAL INFLICTION OF EMOTIONAL DISTRESS; NEGLIGENT OR INTENTIONAL
MISREPRESENTATION; NEGLIGENT OR INTENTIONAL INTERFERENCE WITH CONTRACT OR
PROSPECTIVE ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE; AND DEFAMATION;

                      (ii) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS FOR VIOLATION OF ANY FEDERAL STATE
OR MUNICIPAL STATUTE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE AMERICANS WITH
DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990, THE FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT, AND ANY LAW OF ANY
STATE; AND

                      (iii) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ANY OTHER LAWS AND
REGULATIONS RELATING TO EMPLOYMENT OR EMPLOYMENT DISCRIMINATION.



                                      -7-
<PAGE>   8

        15. Cooperation with Company. During and after the Employment Term, you
will cooperate with the Company in responding to the reasonable requests of the
Company's Chairman of the Board, CEO or General Counsel, in connection with any
and all existing or future litigation, arbitrations, mediations or
investigations brought by or against the Company or any of its affiliates,
agents, officers, directors or employees, whether administrative, civil or
criminal in nature, in which the Company reasonably deems your cooperation
necessary or desirable. In such matters, you agree to provide the Company with
reasonable advice, assistance and information, including offering and explaining
evidence, providing sworn statements, and participating in discovery and trial
preparation and testimony. You also agree to promptly send the Company copies of
all correspondence (for example, but not limited to, subpoenas) received by you
in connection with any such legal proceedings, unless you are expressly
prohibited by law from so doing. You will act in good faith to furnish the
information and cooperation required by this Section 15 and the Company will act
in good faith so that the requirement to furnish such information and
cooperation does not create an undue hardship for you. The Company will
reimburse you for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by you as a result
of your cooperation, within ten (10) days of the presentation of appropriate
documentation thereof, in accordance with the Company's standard reimbursement
policies and procedures. The failure by you to cooperate fully with the Company
in accordance with this Section 15 will be a material breach of the terms of
this Agreement which will result in all commitments of the Company to make
additional payments to you becoming null and void. Notwithstanding anything in
this Section, it is agreed (i) that if possible the Company will provide you
with reasonable advance notice regarding these activities, (ii) that any
requests made hereunder by the Company will be made in good faith, shall be
reasonable, and will not unreasonably interfere with your duties to any employer
other than the Company, (iii) that you are at all times able to respond to legal
process and otherwise act as required by applicable law, and (iv) that this
Section 15 will not apply to any litigations, arbitrations or mediations, or if
a conflict of interest develops, between you and the Company.

        16. No Oral Modification, Cancellation or Discharge. This Agreement may
be changed or terminated only in writing (signed by you and the Board or CEO).

        17. Withholding. The Company is authorized to withhold, or cause to be
withheld, from any payment or benefit under this Agreement the full amount of
any applicable withholding taxes.

        18. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the
State of California (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions).

        19. Authority. The Company represents and warrants that the person
signing this Agreement on its behalf has full authority to act for the Company.

        20. Acknowledgment. You acknowledge that you (i) have read this
Agreement, (ii) have been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and
execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of your own choice or that you
voluntarily have declined to seek counsel, (iii) understand the terms and
consequences of this Agreement, and (iv) are fully aware of the legal and
binding effect of this Agreement.



                                      -8-
<PAGE>   9

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as set
forth below:

        PETER WATKINS


        /s/ PETER WATKINS
        -------------------------------
        Peter Watkins



        NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.


    By: /s/ KENT H. ROBERTS
        -------------------------------
        Kent H. Roberts, Vice President



                                      -9-
<PAGE>   10
                                   EXHIBIT A

                        SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND RELEASE

     This Settlement Agreement and Release ("Agreement") is made by and between
Networks Associates, Inc. (the "Company"), and Peter Watkins ("Employee").

     WHEREAS, Employee was employed by the Company as its President and Chief
Operating Officer; and

     WHEREAS, the Company and Employee have entered into an Agreement dated
December 26, 2000 (the "Initial Agreement") whereby Employee resigned as
President and Chief Operating Officer and agreed to serve as Special Adviser to
the Company;

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, the
Company and Employee (collectively referred to as "the Parties") hereby agree
as follows:

     1.   Termination.  Employee's position with the Company as its President
and Chief Operating Officer terminated on December 26, 2000.

     2.   Consideration.  As consideration for this Agreement, the Company has
entered into the Initial Agreement and will pay the compensation described in
Section 4 of the Initial Agreement.

     3.   Confidential Information.  Employee shall continue to comply with
Section 10 of the Initial Agreement.

     4.   Employee Release of Claims.  Employee, on behalf of himself, and his
respective heirs, family members, executors and assigns, hereby fully and
forever releases the Company and its past, present and future officers, agents,
directors, employees, investors, shareholders, administrators, affiliates,
divisions, subsidiaries, parents, predecessor and successor corporations, and
assigns, from, and agrees not to sue or otherwise institute or cause to be
instituted any legal or administrative proceedings concerning any claim, duty,
obligation or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind, whether
presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that he may possess
arising from any omissions, acts or facts that have occurred up until and
including the date that Employee executes this Agreement including, without
limitation,

          (a)  any and all claims relating to or arising from Employee's
employment relationship with the Company or his resignation as President and
Chief Operation Officer of the Company;

          (b)  any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment;
termination in violation of public policy; discrimination; breach of contract,
both express and implied; breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing,
both express and implied; promissory estoppel; negligent or

<PAGE>   11
intentional infliction of emotional distress; negligent or intentional
misrepresentation; negligent or intentional interference with contract or
prospective economic advantage; unfair business practices; defamation; libel;
slander; negligence; personal injury; assault; battery; invasion of privacy;
false imprisonment; and conversion;

          (c)  any and all claims for violation of any federal, state or
municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment
Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Fair Labor
Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, The Worker
Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the California Fair Employment and
Housing Act, and Labor Code Section 201, et seq. and Section 970, et. seq. and
all amendments to each such Act as well as the regulations issued thereunder.

          (d)  any and all claims for violation of the federal, or any state,
constitution;

          (e)  any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations
relating to employment or employment discrimination; and

          (f)  any and all claims for attorneys' fees and costs.

     Employee agrees that the release set forth in this section shall be and
remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the
matters released. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this release does not extend
to (i) any obligations incurred under this Agreement, the Initial Agreement,
the Change in Control Agreement or the Indemnity Agreement, and any of the
Employee's vested benefits, including his 401(k) benefits.

     Employee acknowledges and agrees that any breach of this paragraph shall
constitute a material breach of the Agreement and of the Initial Agreement.
Employee shall also be responsible to the Company for all costs, attorneys'
fees and any and all damages incurred by the Company in defending against a
claim or suit brought or pursued by Employee in violation of this provision.

     5.   Acknowledgment of Waiver of Claims under ADEA. Employee acknowledges
that he is waiving and releasing any rights he may have under the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ("ADEA") and that this waiver and
release is knowing and voluntary. Employee and the Company agree that this
waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under
the ADEA after the date he executes of this Agreement. Employee acknowledges
that the consideration given for this waiver and release Agreement is in
addition to anything of value to which Employee was already entitled. Employee
further acknowledges that he has been advised by this writing that (a) he should
consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement; (b) he has at least
twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement; (c) he has seven
(7) days following the execution of this Agreement by the parties to revoke the
Agreement; and (d) this Agreement shall not be effective until the revocation
period has expired. Any revocation should be in writing and delivered to the
Company's General Counsel at Networks Associates, Inc., 3965


                                      -2-
<PAGE>   12
Freedom Cir., Santa Clara, CA 95054, by close of business on the seventh day
from the date that Employee signs this Agreement.

      6.    Civil Code Section 1542. Employee represents that he is not aware
of any claims against the Company other than the claims that are released by
this Agreement. Employee acknowledges that he has been advised by legal counsel
and is familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542,
which provides as follows:

            A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE
            CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT
            THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM
            MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE
            DEBTOR.

      Employee, being aware of said code section, agrees to expressly waive any
rights he may have thereunder, as well as under any other statute or common law
principles of similar effect.

      7.    No Pending or Future Lawsuits. Employee represents that he has no
lawsuits, claims, or actions pending in his name, or on behalf of any other
person or entity, against the Company or any other person or entity referred to
herein. Employee and the Company also represents that they do not intend to
bring any claims on their own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity
against each other or any other person or entity referred to herein.

      8.    Confidentiality. Employee and the Company agree to use their best
efforts to maintain in confidence the existence of this Agreement and the
contents and terms of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, Employee and the Company agree to take every
precaution to disclose this Agreement only to those attorneys, accountants,
governmental entities, family members and, in the case of Employee, to
prospective employers who have a reasonable need to know of this Agreement.

      9.    No Cooperation. Employee and the Company agree that they will not
counsel or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or
prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or
complaints by any third party against the other and/or any officer, director,
employee, agent, representative, shareholder or attorney of the other, unless
under a subpoena or other court order to do so. Employee and the Company agree
that they are at all times able to respond to legal process and otherwise act
as required by applicable law.

      10.   Non-Disparagement. Employee and the Company agree to refrain from
making any negative comments concerning the other's business, products or
services, officers, employees and directors and to refrain from any,
defamation, libel or slander of the other and their respective officers,
directors, employees, investors, shareholders, administrators, affiliates,
divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns or
tortious interference with the contracts and relationships of the other and
their respective officers, directors, employees, investors,


                                      -3-
<PAGE>   13
shareholders, administrators, affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, predecessor
and successor corporations, and assigns.

     11.  No Admission of Liability. Employee and the Company understand and
acknowledge that no action taken by Employee or the Company, either previously
or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an
admission of the truth or falsity of any claims heretofore made, if any, or (b)
an acknowledgment or admission by Employee or the Company of any fault or
liability whatsoever to the other or to any third party.

     12.  Costs. The Parties shall each bear their own costs, expert fees,
attorneys' fees and other fees incurred in connection with this Agreement.

     13.  Arbitration. The Parties agree that any and all disputes arising out
of the terms of this Agreement, their interpretation, and any of the matters
herein released, shall be subject to binding arbitration as described in the
Initial Agreement.

     14.  Authority. Employee and the Company represent and warrant that they
have the capacity to act on their own behalf and on behalf of all who might
claim through them to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

     15.  No Representations. Employee and the Company represent that they have
had the opportunity to consult with their respective attorneys, and have
carefully read and understand the scope and effect of the provisions of this
Agreement. Neither party has relied upon any representations or statements made
by the other party hereto which are not specifically set forth in this
Agreement.

     16.  Severability. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is
declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or
void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said
provision.

     17.  Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Initial Agreement, the Change
in Control Agreement, the Indemnity Agreement, and Employee's stock option
agreements represent the entire agreement and understanding between the Company
and Employee concerning these matters.

     18.  No Oral Modification. This Agreement may only be amended in writing
signed by Employee and an authorized officer of the Company.

     19.  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal
substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the State of California.

     20.  Effective Date. This Agreement is effective eight (8) days after it
has been signed by both Parties.


                                      -4-

<PAGE>   14
     21.  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and
each counterpart shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall
constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the
undersigned.

     22.  Voluntary Execution of Agreement. This Agreement is executed
voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of
the Parties hereto, with the full intent of releasing all claims. The Parties
acknowledge that:

          (a)  They have read this Agreement;

          (b)  They have been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and
execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of their own choice or that they
have voluntarily declined to seek such counsel;

          (c)  They understand the terms and consequences of this Agreement and
of the releases it contains;

          (d)  They are fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this
Agreement.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>   15
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the
respective dates set forth below.

                                   NETWORK ASSOCIATES, INC.

Dated: Jan. 23, 2001               By: /s/ KENT H. ROBERTS
                                      ---------------------------------
                                      Kent H. Roberts, Vice President,
                                      Legal Affairs

                                   Peter Watkins, an individual

Dated:Jan 23, 2001                 /s/ PETER WATKINS
                                   ------------------------------------
                                              Peter Watkins

                                      -6-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>f69854ex21-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                  EXHIBIT 21.1

                            NETWORKS ASSOCIATES, INC.
                 Consolidated Subsidiaries at December 31, 2000

1.       Network Associates, GmbH
2.       Network Associates, S.A.
3.       Network Associates, S.r.l.
4.       Network Associates, A.G.
5.       Network Associates International, B.V.
6.       Network Associates Software Development GmbH
7.       Network Associates International, Ltd.
8.       Network Associates Canada Ltd.
9.       NA Combination Company, Inc.
10.      Networks Associates Technology, Inc.
11.      Network Associates Holding Company, Inc.
12.      Nihon Network Associates K.K.
13.      Network Associates Australia Pty. Ltd.
14.      Network Associates (Hong Kong) Ltd.
15.      Network Associates Software (Singapore) Pte Ltd.
16.      Network Associates (NS) ULC
17.      Network Associates FSA (NS) ULC
18.      Network General Barbados, Inc.
19.      Network Associates Do Brazil Ltda
20.      Network Associates Software de Mexico S.A. de C.V.
21.      Network General Canada, Ltd
22.      Network Associates N.V.
23.      Network Associates International Holdings BV
24.      Network General Italy SARL
25.      Network Associates, S.A.
26.      McAfee.Com Corporation
27.      Network Associates (Israel) Limited
28.      Dr Solomon's Ltd.
29.      Network Associates (Denmark) ApS
30.      NA NetTools Holding Company
31.      NetTools Company Ltd.
32.      Net Tools Network Associates (Pty) Ltd.
33.      NA Network Associates OY
34.      Dr Solomon's Group Ltd.
35.      Dr. Solomon's Software Ltd.
36.      Dr Solomon's Software, Inc.
37.      QA Information Security Holding AB
38.      Network Associates N.A. AB
39.      Network Associates N.A. Sweden AB
40.      QA Information Security OY
41.      McAfee.com Ltd.
42.      myCIO.com, Inc.
43.      myCIO.com Canada Corporation
44.      Net Tools, Inc.
45.      CyberMedia, Inc.
46.      Network Associates Hong Kong Ltd., Beijing R.O.
47.      Network Associates Software (Singapore) Pte Ltd., Philippines R.O.


                                      -96-
<PAGE>   2

48.      Dr. Solomon's Ltd.
49.      McAfee.com Delaware Holding I
50.      McAfee.com Delaware Holding II
51.      McAfee.com Canada Corporation
52.      McAfee.com Canada Corporation (NS ULC)
53.      McAfee.com International Ltd.
54.      CSB Consulenzia Software di Base Srl
55.      TuFans, Inc.


                                      -97-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>f69854ex23-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1


                                  EXHIBIT 23.1

                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

     We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statement on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-49297, 333-51795, 333-43572, 333-41964,
333-69301, 333-63627, 333-61369, 333-88399, 333-80829, and 333-54024) of
Networks Associates, Inc. of our reports dated January 24, 2001, relating to the
financial statements and financial statement schedule, which appear in this Form
10-K.


                                         PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

San Jose, California


March 30, 2001



                                      -98-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
