-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 SwNeQApZUKUTQXZepUYoP/B2vztcYg52WeYeuf7KMOntEmw8JSzNlsg68Zo4GISQ
 up5noei6RJ2lyKchXEtk/g==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000912057-00-054631.txt : 20001225
<SEC-HEADER>0000912057-00-054631.hdr.sgml : 20001225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000912057-00-054631
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20000930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20001222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000889423
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				042857552
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11512
		FILM NUMBER:		795147

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		161 FIRST STREET
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02142
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6176610540

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		161 FIRST STREET
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02142
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a2028426z10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                            ------------------------

                                   FORM 10-K

                 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-11512

                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)

<TABLE>
<S>                                            <C>
                  DELAWARE                                      04-2857552
       (State or other Jurisdiction of                       (I.R.S. Employer
       Incorporation or Organization)                     Identification Number)

              161 FIRST STREET,
          CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS                                 02142
  (Address of principal executive offices)                      (ZIP CODE)
</TABLE>

                                 (617) 661-0540
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

       Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None.

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act

                                 TITLE OF CLASS
                          COMMON STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE

                            ------------------------

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes /X/  NO / /

    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  / /

    The aggregate market value of the Registrant's Common Stock, $.01 par value
per share, held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was $106,871,599 based on
the last reported sale price of the Registrant's Common Stock on the Nasdaq
National Market as of the close of business on December 12, 2000 ($13.125).
There were 13,877,185 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December 12,
2000.

    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Portions of the Registrant's Proxy
Statement for its 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

    SatCon was organized as a Massachusetts corporation in 1985 and
reincorporated as a Delaware corporation in 1992. We are developing enabling
technologies for the emerging distributed power generation and power quality
markets. We design, develop and manufacture high-efficiency, reliable and
long-lived electronics products and a variety of standard and custom
high-performance motors to suit specific applications. Our power and energy
management products convert, condition, store and manage electricity for
businesses and consumers that require high-quality, uninterruptible power. We
are utilizing our engineering and manufacturing expertise to develop products we
believe will be integral components of distributed power generation and power
quality systems. Our specialty motors are typically designed and manufactured
for unique customer requirements such as high power-to-size requirements or high
efficiency.

    We have been developing technology in power and energy management since our
inception. Power and energy management is the combination of products and
technology to improve the efficiency of machines and systems in the generation,
storage or usage of energy. Over the past 15 years, we have been pursuing a dual
approach for growth in these markets. The first objective is to develop
technology that meets a market demand and then transition that technology into
commercial products. The second objective is to expand our manufacturing
capabilities and product base through acquisitions.

    Prior to 1993, we were primarily funded through research and development
contracts with the U.S. government. These contracts were directed at developing
new technologies in motion control, control software and electronics. Through
this work, we built an engineering base in magnetics, motor/drive technology,
digital signal processing and high-speed electronics. From 1993 to 1996, we
expanded that base through commercially-funded research and development to
include high-power electronics, high-density packaging and advanced materials.
Together, these engineering skills formed the foundation for our power and
energy management technology. Since 1996, we have concentrated on employing that
technology to solving market needs and transitioning from technology development
to product development and manufacturing.

    Beginning in 1996 we introduced our first two commercial products, the
"Inertial Battery 20C1000" and the "Century 1 ISAM", which were transitioning
from the laboratory to the marketplace. Today the "Inertial Battery 20C1000" has
evolved into the 2kWh (kilowatt hour) flywheel energy storage device of our
affiliate, Beacon Power Corporation. Our second product, the "Century 1 ISAM,"
or integrated suspension and motor system, now called MagLev-TM-, is used in
Applied Materials' rapid thermal processing equipment, and represents a large
portion of the revenue generated by our MagMotor division which manufactures
motors.

    Over the past five years, we have continued to transition our technology
into new products that are sold commercially, including our RF, or radio
frequency, satellite uplinks, aluminum nitride power resistors for cellular
telephones, and high efficiency motors for industrial automation. Since 1996,
our revenue has increased from $9.4 million, primarily from funded research and
development, to $31.1 million in 2000, of which $22.4 million, or 72%, was
derived from product sales. We are also introducing new products, which we
expect to transition into commercial production over the next few years,
products such as our PowerGate-TM- power conversion system, GridLink-TM- utility
grid interface and our six-degree-of-freedom shaker test system for vibration
testing of electronic components.

    Since 1996, we have expanded our business and capabilities through several
acquisitions. In January 1997, we acquired K&D MagMotor Corp., a manufacturer of
custom and standard electric motors, which is now our MagMotor division. In
April 1997, we acquired Film Microelectronics, Inc., a manufacturer of thin film
substrates and hybrid microelectronics. In January 1999, we acquired Inductive

                                       2
<PAGE>
Components, Inc., a value-added supplier of customized electric motors, and
Lighthouse Software, Inc., a supplier of control software for machine tools. We
acquired HyComp, Inc., a manufacturer of hybrid microelectronics in April 1999
followed by Ling Electronics, Inc., a manufacturer of shaker vibration test
systems, power converters, amplifiers and controllers, which we acquired in
October 1999. In November 1999, we acquired intellectual property, tooling and
other assets from Northrop Grumman Corporation enabling us to manufacture and
sell electric drivetrains.

    These acquisitions have provided us with increased revenues, a manufacturing
capability to transition our technology into commercial products, and a market
presence from which we can derive the need for new products based on our
technology. Over the past five years, we have sought to expand our markets in
power and energy management to include telecommunications, industrial
automation, semiconductor manufacturing, aircraft, satellites, electric and
hybrid-electric vehicles and distributed power generation.

    In fiscal year 2000, we organized SatCon into three operating segments:
motion control products, electronics products and funded research and
development. In our motion control products segment, our MagMotor division's
annual revenue increased by 128% from fiscal year 1999 to fiscal year 2000. Of
the $3.6 million increase in our MagMotor division's sales, a large proportion
was due to sales of our MagLev-TM- systems to Applied Materials. There was also
an increase in sales of our value-added motor product lines. We sell these
motors into the semiconductor and factory automation markets such as those sold
into the machine tool markets. We also realized the benefits of a national sales
representative network that has increased our overall sales efforts.

    In October 1999, we completed the acquisition of Ling Electronics. This
acquisition has brought $7.4 million in increased revenue to our motion control
products segment. Ling Electronics also offers us opportunities to introduce new
products based on our technology. Earlier in fiscal year 2000, we commenced the
development of a new six-degree-of-freedom magnetic levitation shaker system
that tests electronics components.

    In our electronics products segment, annual revenue increased by 36% from
fiscal year 1999 to fiscal year 2000. The increase was primarily driven by new
product sales of Film Microelectronics' RF product lines, which include
satellite uplink amplifiers, communications uplinks and power resistors for
cellular telephones.

    During fiscal year 2000, we introduced our new PowerGate-TM- power
conversion system, our GridLink-TM- utility grid interface system that allows
distributed power systems to operate in either grid-parallel (connected to the
grid) and/or grid-independent (disconnected from the grid) modes, and our
MegaVerter-TM- modular power inverter for higher power commercial and industrial
range distributed power generation systems.

    We also successfully installed a new automated assembly line in our
Marlborough, Massachusetts facility. We anticipate having the initial capability
of manufacturing 25,000 PowerGate-TM- power converter systems per year by the
end of fiscal year 2001 and to be able to expand our capacity as demand
increases. The assembly line is already producing electronic circuits for other
applications, including RF amplifier circuits.

    At our Technology Center, revenue from funded research and development
increased by $2.3 million from fiscal year 1999 to fiscal year 2000, primarily
as a result of work performed under the Department of Energy's AIPM, automotive
integrated power module, program to develop low-cost power conversion modules
for electric and hybrid-electric automobiles. The work builds on and further
develops our hybrid-electric automotive power conversion technology and
products.

    Also, at the beginning of fiscal year 2000, we acquired the power
electronics products assets of Northrop Grumman. These assets, previously
developed as part of the electric vehicle group of Westinghouse, include power
electronics, controllers, and motors for electric and hybrid-electric vehicles,
micro-turbine power generation and energy storage products. In addition to their
power electronics

                                       3
<PAGE>
product base, we received extensive intellectual property, including all product
development and designs and patents for several power electronics products and
system designs.

    We and our affiliate, Beacon Power Corporation, are focusing our development
and manufacturing efforts on products for high-growth markets in the following
categories:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
PRODUCT CATEGORY               PRODUCTS                       MARKETS
- ----------------               --------                       -------
<S>                            <C>                            <C>
Electronics and power          Controllers, inverters,        Distributed power generation
electronics                    hybrid microcircuits, thin     (including fuel cells and
                               film substrates, and           microturbines),
                               amplifiers                     telecommunications, aircraft,
                                                              satellites and medical
                                                              instruments

High-performance motors        Industrial automation motors,  Hybrid-electric vehicles,
                               shaker systems, and electric   industrial automation,
                               drivetrains                    machine tools, semiconductor
                                                              manufacturers

Beacon Power's flywheel and    Flywheels                      Uninterruptible power
energy storage                                                supplies
</TABLE>

    We are working with companies in the distributed power generation and power
quality markets to develop products that we believe will establish industry
standards. Plug Power, Inc., H Power Corp. and IdaTech LLC, formerly Northwest
Power Systems LLC, are currently evaluating our PowerGate-TM- power electronics
and control software for use in residential fuel cell power generation systems.
In addition, we have received an order from Nuvera Fuel Cells for two of our
PowerGate-TM- power converters. We are also working with FuelCell Energy, Inc.
to develop our MegaVerter-TM- power electronics and control software for use in
industrial fuel cell power generation systems. A major automotive manufacturer
is evaluating our high-performance motors for auxiliary uses in fuel cell
hybrid-electric vehicles. Beacon Power has received an order for 100 flywheel
energy storage systems from TLER Associates Ltd. and an initial order for
flywheels from Cox Communications, Inc. In addition, Beacon Power is conducting
field tests of its flywheel energy storage systems with Bell Atlantic Network
Services, Inc., now part of Verizon Communications, Century Communications
Corporation, now part of Adelphia Communications Corporation, and WinDBreak
Cable. Beacon Power is developing flywheel energy storage systems using
technology developed by us and licensed to Beacon Power. As of November 30,
2000, we beneficially owned approximately 25.3% of Beacon Power's common stock.

    We have specialized engineering expertise in the areas of power electronics,
electromechanics, mechanical and thermal dynamics, system controls and
microelectronic design. We have leveraged research and development funding from
industry and government sources to design, develop and manufacture electronics
for power conversion, amplification and storage, high-performance electric
motors, electric drivetrains, flywheel energy storage systems and system
controls software. We continue to pursue industry and government funding to
supplement the on-going development of our products.

INDUSTRY BACKGROUND

    Distributed power, or on-site power independent of the electric utility
grid, locates power-generating capability closer to the end user, while power
quality systems maintain high quality electricity despite power surges and
shortages. These systems include fuel cell and microturbine power generation
systems, hybrid-electric vehicles and flywheel energy storage systems that store
electricity in mechanical form and are an alternative to traditional lead-acid
batteries.

                                       4
<PAGE>
    The distributed power generation and power quality industries are entering a
period of rapid expansion as products approach commercialization and mass
production. In the United States, this expansion is being driven by several
factors, including:

    - INCREASING DEMAND FOR ELECTRICITY, DRIVEN BY THE PROLIFERATION OF
      COMPUTERS AND E-COMMERCE. The demand for electricity has increased rapidly
      in recent years due in large part to the use of computers, the Internet,
      e-commerce and telecommunications products. According to the Energy
      Information Administration, or EIA, over the past two decades, the
      percentage of energy provided by electricity to U.S. housing units
      increased from 23% of all energy consumed in 1978 to 35% in 1997. In a
      1999 report, Greening Earth Society science advisor Mark Mills estimated
      that the share of all U.S. electricity currently consumed by
      computer-based microprocessors was 13% and that within two decades, 30% to
      50% of the nation's electric supply may be required to meet the direct and
      indirect needs of the Internet. This growth continues a long-term trend
      toward electrification of energy use throughout the developed world.

    - GROWING DEMAND FOR HIGH-QUALITY POWER, AS MORE MISSION-CRITICAL AND
      SENSITIVE ELECTRONICS ARE CONNECTED TO THE ELECTRIC UTILITY GRID. The
      growing importance of e-commerce and the proliferation of electronics and
      computer networks that are power-quality sensitive has heightened the
      awareness of the importance of the quality and reliability of electricity.
      Power-quality problems such as power outages, voltage instability and low
      voltage in the power delivery network are significant problems for modern
      computers and telecommunications equipment. As the Internet economy grows,
      avoiding downtime and damaged equipment due to power-related problems will
      become increasingly important. According to the Electric Power Research
      Institute, or EPRI, power disruptions cost the economy approximately
      $30 billion each year.

    - CAPACITY CONSTRAINTS ON THE ELECTRIC UTILITY GRID THAT HAVE RESULTED IN
      DECREASED RELIABILITY IN CERTAIN POWER MARKETS. Historically, the growth
      in the demand for electricity has met the expansion of the existing
      infrastructure, including additional investments in centralized generating
      plants, high-voltage transmission lines and distribution wires. Reliance
      upon this infrastructure has been and continues to be problematic for a
      number of reasons. First, according to the Department of Energy, capacity
      reserve margins have shown a declining trend since 1982, indicating the
      increased potential for power outages during peak periods. Second, some
      areas of the country have experienced capacity constraints and
      weather-related outages due to the nature of the existing transmission and
      distribution system. Finally, there is difficulty in finding suitable
      locations for additional generating plants and transmission towers, due to
      environmental concerns and local zoning laws.

    - HEIGHTENING ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS REGARDING TRANSPORTATION VEHICLES AND
      CONVENTIONAL POWER GENERATION. Among the most significant environmental
      effects of energy production and consumption is the emission of greenhouse
      gases, such as carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide. The United
      States, as one of the world's largest producers and consumers of fossil
      fuels, is responsible for a major portion of the global energy-related
      emissions. Utilities, due to their reliance on coal-burning power plants,
      and automobiles are two of the largest sources of air pollution.
      Environmental concerns, such as those that prompted the Kyoto Protocol,
      are emphasizing the need to find cleaner forms of transportation and power
      generation.

    As a result of these market dynamics, power generation and environmental
concerns, business and residential consumers are seeking more reliable, cleaner
and cost-effective alternatives to traditional power generation. We believe that
distributed power generation and power quality products will meet these demands.
We are focused on selling our enabling products into the distributed power
generation, hybrid-electric vehicle and uninterruptible power supply markets.

                                       5
<PAGE>
    DISTRIBUTED POWER GENERATION

    With the deregulation of the electric utility industry, the ability to offer
new forms of electrical power generation such as distributed power generation is
creating new markets, products and opportunities. Distributed power, or on-site
power independent of the electric utility grid, locates power generating
capability closer to the end user. The distributed generation of electrical
power from fuel cells or microturbine systems is potentially an environmentally
cleaner, more efficient and more reliable means of producing electricity
compared to conventional generation and distribution methods. Distributed power
generation systems can also alleviate congestion on highly loaded utility
distribution networks and offer an alternative to power line extensions in
remote regions. In response to the many power outages in 1999, the U.S.
Department of Energy's Power Outage Study Team recommended the increased use of
distributed power. Fuel cells and microturbines are two technologies that are
being developed to address the distributed power generation market.

    Fuel cells are power generation devices that combine hydrogen, derived from
a source such as natural gas or propane, with oxygen to create electricity
through an electrochemical reaction rather than through internal combustion. As
a result, fuel cells release only a minimal amount of carbon dioxide into the
atmosphere. The only other by-products of fuel cell power generation systems are
water and heat, which can be used as a supplemental source of heat for homes and
buildings. Fuel cells typically generate a varying level of low-voltage direct
current, or DC, electricity which is then converted to useable alternating
current, or AC, electricity using power electronics and control software.

    Microturbines are small turbines that generate electricity. Microturbines
operate on the same principle as a jet engine but can use a variety of
commercially available fuels, such as natural gas, diesel, kerosene and propane.
Microturbines generate a high-frequency AC electricity, which is then converted
to useable household or industrial current through power electronics and control
software.

    HYBRID-ELECTRIC VEHICLES

    Prices of oil and refined products will strongly influence the demand for
hybrid-electric vehicles. In the last year, significant increases in crude oil
and gasoline prices have renewed a national public policy debate regarding
substitute fuel sources. We believe these higher prices, if sustained, will
increase demand for substitute fuel sources and may result in regulatory
incentives to develop and commercialize vehicles powered by alternative fuel
sources.

    In addition, automobiles are a major contributor to air pollution, and we
believe that new hybrid-electric vehicles can help to solve this problem. The
Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 and the National Energy Policy Act of 1992 have
caused automobile manufacturers to concentrate on the development of
low-emission vehicles and zero-emission vehicles such as hybrid-electric or
electric vehicles. The California Air Resource Board also has adopted
regulations that require 10% of a manufacturer's new car sales in California be
zero-emission vehicles by 2003.

    While electric cars offer the promise of zero emissions, they are unable to
provide the driving range and performance demanded by consumers due to
performance limitations of existing battery power technology. Hybrid-electric
vehicles can reduce air pollution while offering greater driving range and
performance than electric vehicles. Hybrid-electric vehicles function by
creating mechanical energy from a source such as an internal combustion engine
or fuel cell. The mechanical energy is then transformed into electricity by a
generator and transferred to an electric drivetrain which propels the vehicle.
Excess electricity is stored in an energy storage system consisting of a battery
or flywheel. All hybrid-electric vehicles require complex power and control
electronics to convert, condition and manage electricity, as well as
high-performance motors, electric drivetrains and energy storage systems.

    We believe that fuel cell hybrid-electric vehicles have the potential to be
the leading alternative to internal combustion engines in meeting clean air
initiatives while offering greater driving range and

                                       6
<PAGE>
performance than electric vehicles. The U.S. government has formed the
Partnership for a New Generation of Vehicles with Ford Motor Co., General Motors
Corp. and DaimlerChrysler AG to develop hybrid-electric vehicles that will be
capable of achieving 80 miles per gallon by 2004, and we believe that each of
these automakers has made significant progress in developing hybrid-electric
vehicles.

    UNINTERRUPTIBLE POWER SUPPLIES

    Uninterruptible power supply, or UPS, systems maintain a predictable quality
of electricity during power outages or periods of low power quality. As a
result, UPS systems are used to support the operation of computers,
manufacturing facilities and communication and other electronic networks in the
event of power losses. Of these applications, we believe the communications
market will be among the earliest adopters of UPS systems. Low power quality
represents problems for industries where equipment can lose synchronization and
shut down during brief power disruptions. The growth of the Internet, e-commerce
and automated manufacturing is driving the demand for UPS systems. As technology
further impacts all segments of the economy, a larger group of businesses and
individuals are demanding more reliable, high-quality power.

    A leading market for UPS systems is voice, data and cable networks since
these networks must maintain operation in the event of power loss. Currently,
when power is lost or its quality drops, lead-acid batteries provide back-up
electricity until a generator can be engaged. Batteries are typically stored in
central locations in easily maintained, climate-controlled rooms. However, the
increased demand for communication bandwidth, the growth of fiber-optic
technology and the desire to locate telephone switching equipment closer to end
users is driving the trend to locate back-up battery systems in remote storage
cabinets throughout communication networks. Because these remote storage
cabinets are not climate-controlled, batteries have poor reliability and reduced
life expectancy. The dangers of explosion and acid spills are additional
environmental concerns associated with lead-acid batteries.

    We believe that flywheel energy storage systems present an attractive
alternative to lead-acid batteries due to their long life and ability to operate
effectively in remote locations. An electric motor spins a flywheel to its
operating speed. The flywheel spins on magnetic bearings in a vacuum. Magnetic
bearings use magnetic fields instead of mechanical bearings and lubricants to
"float" rotating objects such as a flywheel so that there is no surface contact
and minimal friction. While the flywheel spins, it stores kinetic energy, or
energy created by motion. During power outages or periods of low power quality,
the flywheel motor converts to a generator and, like a battery, transfers the
stored electricity to the end user.

    OUR OPPORTUNITY

    The increased demand for reliable, high-quality, cleaner power is creating a
growing market for distributed power generation and power quality systems. All
of these systems require power and energy management products to convert,
condition, store and manage electricity. In order to be commercially viable and
operate effectively, these power and energy management products must be highly
reliable, efficient, low-cost and compact. Many of these products must be highly
customized to meet the evolving needs of the distributed power generation and
power quality marketplace. We believe that a significant opportunity exists to
manufacture and supply power and energy management products that meet these
criteria.

OUR SOLUTION

    Our solution is to provide critical power products and systems necessary for
the successful commercialization of distributed power generation and power
quality systems. Our products and systems include our PowerGate-TM- and
MegaVerter-TM- power electronics, our control software, our GridLink-TM- utility
interface, high-performance motors and electric drivetrains and a flywheel
energy storage system being

                                       7
<PAGE>
developed by Beacon Power. We believe our solution encompasses the following key
attributes demanded by the emerging distributed power and power quality markets:

    - PERFORMANCE. At a minimum, distributed power generation and power quality
      systems must provide the same degree of quality power that is provided by
      the traditional electric utility system that supplies electric power for
      commercial, industrial and residential usage. Our products use proprietary
      designs to ensure that high-quality power is produced during peak as well
      as steady-state operations.

    - RELIABILITY. We design our products to support the long-life, always-on
      requirements of the distributed power generation and power quality
      markets. We have experience designing and manufacturing high-reliability,
      long-life electronics for applications such as aircraft navigation systems
      and satellite uplink electronics. We design, manufacture and test our
      electronics to last at least fifteen years.

    - EFFICIENCY. The overall efficiency of a distributed power generation
      system, or its ability to deliver power with minimum energy loss, is vital
      to its effective commercialization and depends on the efficiency of all of
      its component parts. We apply our power electronics expertise to design
      and manufacture our products to meet the efficiency needs of our customers
      as defined by their specifications and the end use of the product.

    - LOW-COST. The widespread commercial acceptance of distributed power
      systems is dependent upon the reduction in cost of key components. We
      design our products to be low-cost by making them as compact and as easy
      to manufacture as possible. During 2000, we installed equipment for a
      semi-automated production line in our Marlborough, Massachusetts facility
      which will further automate the manufacturing process for fuel cell power
      conversion products thereby reducing the cost of these systems. This
      production line became operational in late November 2000 at which point we
      commenced production of RF satellite uplink electronics as well as
      components for our power converters. We expect the production line to be
      capable of producing 25,000 power conversion systems by the end of 2001
      but will employ the line to build products for which we have orders in
      order to expedite the development of low-cost manufacturing processes
      using this capability.

    - HIGH POWER DENSITY. High power density, or the ability to convert,
      condition and manage large amounts of energy within a compact design, is
      required for cost reduction and is critical in applications such as
      automobiles where weight and space requirements are stringent. We design
      our products to meet the distributed power market's demands for high power
      density.

    - FLEXIBILITY. Due to the rapidly evolving nature of the distributed power
      and power quality industries, our engineers work closely with our
      customers to address overall systems design issues as well as to ensure
      that our products meet their system specifications. We develop and
      manufacture our products for use in various distributed power generation
      and power quality systems such as fuel cells, microturbines, cogeneration
      systems and UPS systems that are modular and scalable to meet a wide range
      of power requirements.

STRATEGY

    Our objective is to be a leading provider of the power and energy management
products necessary for the successful commercialization of distributed power
generation systems, such as fuel cells and microturbines, hybrid-electric
vehicles and power quality products, such as flywheel energy storage systems. We
believe that by designing and developing our products across multiple markets
and multiple applications, our success should be less dependent upon the
adoption of a specific application or on the

                                       8
<PAGE>
business of a single market participant. To accomplish our objective, we are
pursuing the following key strategies:

    - DESIGN AND DEVELOP INNOVATIVE POWER AND ENERGY MANAGEMENT PRODUCTS. We are
      developing proprietary products that are integral components in
      distributed power generation and power quality systems such as our
      PowerGate-TM- converter, GridLink-TM- utility interface and MegaVerter-TM-
      converter. We believe that we have a competitive advantage resulting from
      our engineering expertise in the areas of power electronics,
      electromagnetics, mechanical and thermal dynamics, system controls and
      microelectronic design that we have been working on since 1985. We have
      leveraged research and development funding from government and industry
      sources to build a technology base within these areas that has resulted in
      59 U.S. patents and 13 patent applications pending with the U.S. patent
      and trademark office. In addition, 36 other patents have been issued to
      our employees and assigned to DaimlerChrysler in connection with the
      Chrysler Patriot racecar project.

    - ESTABLISH OUR PRODUCTS AS INDUSTRY STANDARDS. We seek to establish our
      power conversion products as industry standards and become a major
      supplier to the distributed power generation and power quality markets by
      working with our customers to determine cost and performance requirements
      as we design and build our products to meet those requirements. Since we
      are establishing these requirements early in the product life cycle while
      we are one of the few suppliers, we hope that our products will set the
      industry standard. We believe that our engineering expertise, experience
      in manufacturing highly reliable products and relationships with current
      power generation system manufacturers such as Plug Power, H Power, Nuvera
      Fuel Cells and FuelCell Energy is positioning us to establish standards
      for our distributed power generation and power quality products. We will
      continue to focus on establishing strategic relationships with leading
      companies in the distributed power generation industry such as our
      relationship with FuelCell Energy for the development of our
      MegaVerter-TM- power electronic and control software for use in their
      industrial fuel cell power generation system.

    - INSTALL LOW-COST, HIGH-VOLUME MANUFACTURING CAPABILITIES. We seek to
      establish low-cost, high-volume manufacturing capabilities to give us a
      competitive advantage in our markets. We are developing semi-automated
      manufacturing processes and expanding our manufacturing capacity in order
      to reduce costs as production volumes increase. During 2000, we installed
      equipment for a semi-automated production line in our Marlborough,
      Massachusetts facility that we expect to be capable of producing up to
      25,000 of our residential fuel cell power conversion systems annually.
      This production line became operational in late November 2000 at which
      point we commenced production of RF satellite uplink electronics as well
      as components for our power converters. We expect the production line to
      be capable of producing 25,000 power conversion systems by the end of 2001
      but will employ the line to build products for which we have orders in
      order to expedite the development of low-cost manufacturing processes
      using this capability. In the future, we expect to add additional
      production lines for fuel cell power conversion systems as demand
      dictates.

    - ACQUIRE NEW PRODUCTS, MANUFACTURING CAPABILITIES AND TECHNOLOGIES. We
      believe that the acquisition of new products, manufacturing capabilities
      and technologies will enhance our competitive position and growth
      opportunities. Historically, the acquisition of products or companies has
      been a key element of our business strategy. The acquisition of MagMotor
      provided us with revenue in the industrial automation market, a
      manufacturing capability with which to build our new MagLev systems for
      Applied Materials and opportunities for expansion of MagMotor's product
      line into new markets and with new customers as we did with the machine
      tool market. We had similar experiences with Film Microelectronics and
      Ling Electronics, and we anticipate that acquisitions will continue to
      play a role in our strategy.

                                       9
<PAGE>
PRODUCTS

    We design, develop and manufacture high-efficiency, high-reliability and
long-lived power and energy management products that convert, condition, store
and manage electricity. We are using our electronics and manufacturing expertise
to develop products that meet the high-reliability, high-efficiency, low-cost
and compact-size requirements of the distributed power generation and power
quality markets. Our products are sold through our operating divisions in the
following segments:

    ELECTRONICS SEGMENT. The electronics segment includes power electronics and
control software such as controllers, fuel cell power conversion systems, hybrid
microcircuits, thin film substrates and amplifiers. Revenues for fiscal year
2000 within this category totaled $8.6 million, $8.3 million of which was
generated in hybrid microcircuits, thin film substrates and amplifiers.
Approximately $300,000 of revenue was generated by fuel cell power conversion
systems, which are still in the development and test stage. The following are
descriptions of our product categories within the electronics segment.

    POWER ELECTRONICS AND CONTROL SOFTWARE

    - CONTROLLERS. We sell controllers, which are a combination of electronics
      and software, that monitor and regulate power flow from various system
      components to ensure that end-use power requirements are satisfied. Our
      controllers include proprietary digital signal processing software that
      allows them to control a wide range of power sources, including batteries,
      flywheels, fuel cells and microturbines. We sell controllers for a variety
      of applications including distributed power generation and power quality
      systems, motors and magnetic levitation systems. Our controller regulates
      the flow of electricity to and from the various components of the fuel
      cell power generation system.

    - FUEL CELL POWER CONVERSION SYSTEM. We have developed a PowerGate-TM-
      residential fuel cell power conversion system that combines DC to DC
      converters, a DC to AC inverter and a controller with control software. We
      have also developed our GridLink-TM- utility interface which is designed
      to allow distributed power generation systems such as fuel cells,
      microturbines, UPS systems and others to operate in either grid-parallel
      (connected to the grid) or grid-independent (disconnected from the grid)
      modes. The following diagram outlines the various components of a typical
      fuel cell power generation system and identifies our products that have
      been developed for use in the system:

                                       10
<PAGE>
Within a box, there is a diagram entitled "PowerGate-TM- Power Conversion
System." Preceding the diagram is the following text: "In a typical residential
fuel cell power generation system, a fuel processor separates hydrogen from a
hydrocarbon source, such as natural gas. The fuel cell stack then creates low
voltage DC electricity through an electrochemical reaction. By-products from the
fuel cell stack are heat and hot water which can be used in the home. Since the
fuel cell stack generates the average amount of electricity needed, the energy
storage device, such as a lead-acid battery or Beacon Power's flywheel, stores
electricity to handle peak loads created when several appliances call for more
than the average amount of power. Our power conversion system, shown below,
transitions the power into useable AC electricity while transferring the power
between the fuel cell power generation system."

The diagram follows, which is a graphic portrayal of the different components of
the PowerGate-TM- Power Conversion System, with arrows flowing from and to
numbered boxes, and a graphical representation of a power utility transmission
tower and a residential dwelling. The boxes are shaded to denote which products
are manufactured by SatCon and which products are manufactured by SatCon's
Beacon Power affiliate, with a corresponding legend.

Beneath the diagram, is the following text, numbered to correspond to the
numbers in the boxes in the diagram above:

"1. Motors and motor controllers are used for auxiliary functions, such as pumps
    that provide compressed air for the fuel cell.

2.  The power converter controller and software determines where the DC
    electricity needs to be routed--either to the home or to the energy storage
    device.

3.  The DC to DC converters transfers DC power between the fuel cell stack, the
    energy storage device and the DC to AC inverter.

4.  The DC to AC inverter provides high-quality AC electricity to the home.

5.  The GridLink-TM- utility interface allows the power generation system to
    operate in either grid-parallel (connected to the electric utility grid) or
    grid-independent (disconnected from the electric utility grid) modes.

6.  An energy storage device, such as a lead-acid battery or Beacon Power's
    flywheel, can be used to provide power to support higher load requirements
    when operating independent from the electric utility grid."

The entire PowerGate-TM- Power Conversion System graphic and explanatory text is
surrounded by a box.

    Our products have been developed for use in both residential and larger
industrial fuel cell power generation systems. Plug Power, H Power and IdaTech
are currently evaluating our PowerGate-TM- power electronics and control
software for use in their residential fuel cell power generation systems, and we
have received orders for 30 of our residential fuel cell power conversion
systems from Plug Power, orders for three systems from H Power, orders for two
systems from Nuvera Fuel Cells and an order for one system from IdaTech.

    We have also developed a technology to make modular inverter units that can
be combined and scaled to handle high-power requirements. Using this technology,
we developed the MegaVerter-TM- for use in connection with large, commercial
sized, fuel cell or microturbine power generation systems that

                                       11
<PAGE>
produce power ranging from 200 kilowatts to 5 megawatts. We have a collaborative
arrangement with FuelCell Energy to develop power electronics and control
software for use in their industrial fuel cell power generation system. Under
this agreement, we plan to install a MegaVerter-TM- in a 250 kilowatt fuel cell
power generation system that is currently powering FuelCell Energy's facility in
Danbury, Connecticut.

    - HYBRID MICROCIRCUITS. We manufacture standard and custom hybrid
      microcircuits, which are a combination of several electronic components
      imbedded in a miniature printed circuit board. Due to their size,
      versatility and high reliability, these hybrid microcircuits are used in a
      broad spectrum of applications including communications, industrial,
      medical, military and aerospace. Some of our microcircuit products have
      been employed by our customers as follows:

       - Radio frequency amplifiers that are currently used in satellite uplink
         systems such as the Mobil SpeedPass, satellite television and wireless
         Internet service,

       - Motor controllers, such as high reliability motor controllers for
         helicopter hoist systems, and

       - Video amplifiers, such as those used for a cruise missile video camera
         system.

    - THIN FILM SUBSTRATES. Thin film substrates are miniature printed circuits
      onto which small electronic components are mounted, such as those used in
      hybrid microcircuits. Our thin film products are integrated into
      electronic devices that require small, high-reliability components such as
      cellular telephones and other wireless communications devices. We
      manufacture power resistors for cellular telephones using aluminum nitride
      as the thin film substrate instead of beryllium oxide. Beryllium oxide is
      hazardous, and its use in manufacturing is restricted in the United States
      and banned in Europe. In addition to producing thin film substrates for
      other manufacturers, we use our thin film substrates in our own hybrid
      microcircuit products.

    - AMPLIFIERS. We sell amplifiers which take an input signal and replicate it
      using amplified power to boost the signal. We sell amplifiers for a
      variety of applications, including telecommunications uplinks, power
      amplifiers for aircraft applications and video amplifiers for cruise
      missiles.

    MOTION CONTROL SEGMENT. The motion control segment includes high-performance
motors and electric drivetrains such as motors for fuel cells, magnetic
levitation systems, shaker vibration test systems, electric drivetrains,
industrial automation and machine tool motors. Revenues for fiscal year 2000
within this category totaled $13.8 million. The majority of the revenues, $7.4
million, were generated by the sale of Ling Electronics' shaker vibration test
systems. Revenues of $3.3 million were generated by the sale of magnetic
levitation systems to Applied Materials. Industrial automation and machine tool
motors generated $3.1 million in revenues. Motors for fuel cell automobiles
generated little revenue as these motors are in the development and test phase.
Electric drivetrains also contributed little revenue as we are just beginning to
re-market these products that were acquired as part of the asset purchase of the
electronics products group of Northrop Grumman.

    HIGH-PERFORMANCE MOTORS AND ELECTRIC DRIVETRAINS

    We design and manufacture a variety of standard and custom high-performance
motors to suit specific applications. Our specialty motors are typically
designed and manufactured for unique customer requirements such as high
power-to-size requirements or high efficiency. We believe that our technical and
design expertise enables us to shorten the time between receiving customer
specifications and designing and building motors that meet these specifications.
Some of our products include:

    - FUEL CELL MOTORS. We are currently developing a line of high-performance
      motors for auxiliary uses, such as fuel pumps, in fuel cell
      hybrid-electric vehicles. We are also developing these high-performance
      motors for use in commercial and residential fuel cell power generation
      systems.

    - MAGNETIC LEVITATION SYSTEMS. We manufacture magnetic levitation, or
      MagLev-TM-, systems that enable machinery to rotate or move without
      contacting other machine parts. Our MagLev-TM- systems use
      electro-magnetic fields to lift mechanical components without any surface
      contact. Sensors within

                                       12
<PAGE>
      the system determine the actual position of the levitated object and send
      signals to a high-speed digital controller, which commands electricity to
      activate the electro-magnets thereby making the object move away from any
      surface it is about to contact. This is done at extremely high speeds in
      order to maintain the stability of the levitated object and can be
      accomplished with objects that spin, such as motors, or objects that move
      in one direction, like pistons or push rods. Our largest selling
      MagLev-TM- system is the integrated suspension and motor, or ISAM, system
      that is sold to Applied Materials, Inc. for silicon wafer manufacturing.
      Because none of the rotating parts contact any other parts, the ISAM
      system does not require lubrication and is ideal for applications such as
      silicon wafer production where a contaminant-free environment is critical.
      Applied Materials has the exclusive right to use this product in rapid
      thermal processing equipment for silicon wafers, and we are Applied
      Materials' sole source provider. MagLev-TM- technology is also used in the
      manufacture of magnetic bearings for Beacon Power's flywheel. We have also
      developed MagLev-TM- systems for applications such as vibration isolators
      and magnetic bearings for jet engines and turbines. We are currently
      developing new applications for use in silicon wafer manufacturing, laser
      printing, equipment testing and other manufacturing applications.

    - SHAKER VIBRATION TEST SYSTEMS. We sell shaker vibration test systems that
      enable manufacturers to understand how their mechanical and electronic
      products will perform after exposure to vibrations. Our shaker vibration
      test systems are designed to replicate vibrations ranging from continuous
      shaking to high impact forces such as those arising from dropping a
      product on the floor or landing a plane. Our shaker vibration test systems
      are used for testing a variety of products, including small electronic
      components, computer hardware, consumer electronics, automobiles and
      aerospace and satellite structures. In addition, since our acquisition of
      Ling Electronics in October 1999, we have begun to sell a line of
      digitally modulated power amplifiers. We sell these amplifiers
      individually and as components of our shaker vibration test systems.

    - ELECTRIC DRIVETRAINS. In November 1999, we acquired certain intellectual
      property and assets from Northrop Grumman Corporation to give us the
      ability to manufacture and sell electric drivetrains which convert
      electricity into mechanical energy for propulsion of automobiles. Northrop
      Grumman developed this intellectual property while designing a
      100-horsepower electric drivetrain for DaimlerChrysler for light duty,
      high-power electric vans and utility vehicles and a 230-horsepower
      electric drivetrain for a 33,000 pound vehicle such as a bus or truck.
      Prior to November 1999, over 300 of the 100-horsepower motors were
      installed in DaimlerChrysler's electric powered interurban commuter
      minivans, and a 230-horsepower electric drivetrain was installed in a Blue
      Bird Corporation bus as part of the Cedar Rapids Electric Transportation
      Coalition. We are currently pursuing opportunities to sell these products
      in the electric drivetrain marketplace.

    - INDUSTRIAL AUTOMATION MOTORS. We manufacture brush and brushless DC motors
      for the industrial automation market. These small, high-efficiency motors
      are available with a variety of options including optical encoders,
      tachometers, brakes, custom cables and connectors. Our industrial
      automation motors are typically used in semiconductor equipment
      manufacturing, medical device assembly and other automated assembly
      processes.

    - MACHINE TOOL MOTORS. We manufacture a line of precise positioning motors
      for use with machine tools such as computer numerical controlled machines.
      These include machining centers, lathes and milling machines.

                                       13
<PAGE>
ENERGY STORAGE SYSTEMS.

    FLYWHEEL ENERGY STORAGE SYSTEMS

    We have been developing flywheels for energy storage and other applications
since 1985. Our flywheel development programs included the development of
flywheel energy storage systems for the Chrysler Patriot hybrid-electric
vehicle, for a U.S. Marine Corps field communications system and for a combined
satellite control and energy storage system. In 1995, we began development of a
stationary flywheel energy storage system to provide uninterruptible back-up
power. In 1997, after we formed Beacon Power, we contributed this technology to
Beacon Power pursuant to an exclusive license, enabling Beacon Power to pursue
the development of a stationary, terrestrial flywheel energy storage system.
Currently, we do not have revenues generated by flywheel energy storage systems.
This business currently resides within our affiliate, Beacon Power. However, we
retain the right to market flywheels for such applications as space vehicles. As
a result, the primary value of this category is our beneficial ownership, as of
November 30, 2000, of 25.3% of Beacon Power's common stock. See "Beacon Power
Corporation."

    FUNDED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT SEGMENT

    We perform funded research and development in connection with government
programs and for third parties. We pursue funded research and development in
areas where we have technical expertise and where we believe there is
significant commercial application for the developed technology. We have
performed funded research and development in connection with the development of
each of our product areas. Funded research and development accounted for
$8.6 million in revenues in fiscal year 2000.

    In 1999, we entered into an agreement with the U.S. Department of Energy, or
DOE, for the research, development and demonstration of a power conversion
system for a new generation of hybrid-electric vehicles. Under this government
contract, we expect to design a power conversion system that can be manufactured
at high volume and low cost. We believe that the resulting design will enable us
to enhance our manufacturing capabilities to produce our power conversion
products for distributed power generation systems. This program will be funded
half by us and half by DOE. The total DOE approved budget for this program is
$10.0 million through September 29, 2002. As of November 30, 2000, DOE has
funded $5.4 million of this budget. Revenues in fiscal year 2000 and 1999 for
this program totaled $3.4 million and $1.0 million, respectively. The additional
DOE funding of $4.6 million is subject to congressional appropriation and DOE
approval.

                                       14
<PAGE>
BEACON POWER CORPORATION

    BUSINESS.  Since its formation, Beacon Power has been developing stationary
flywheel energy storage systems to offer customers an environmentally cleaner,
more reliable alternative to lead-acid batteries for energy storage and power
quality management. Lead-acid batteries have three primary deficiencies. Weather
extremes and frequent discharging and recharging limit their reliability and
useful lives, they cannot be remotely monitored currently, and they represent an
environmental risk due to the threat of explosion and battery acid spills.

    Beacon Power is developing its flywheel energy storage system to operate in
all weather conditions, to offer remote monitoring, to have no limitations on
charge and discharge cycles and to have a longer useful life than batteries.
Beacon Power's flywheel energy storage system consists of a rotating, composite
rim that spins on magnetic bearings in a vacuum. The flywheel is powered up to
its operational speed by an internal motor. Because of negligible friction,
little power is required to maintain the flywheel's operating speed. During
power outages or periods of low power quality, the flywheel motor converts to a
generator and, like a battery, transfers the stored electricity to the end user.
The following is a diagram of a flywheel energy storage system:

Graphic of a flywheel (cutaway to reveal internal components inside protective
casing), with arrows pointing on the left hand side from the following text
descriptions to the diagram: "Vacuum Housing," "Motor/Generator," "Magnetic
Bearings" and "Composite Rim." On the right hand side of the diagram, there are
four bullets with the following text, descending from top to bottom:

  -  "Motor/generator draws power from a power source to spin up the flywheel.
  -  Flywheel spins in a vacuum on magnetic bearings with negligible friction.
  -  Energy is stored in the flywheel.
  -  To provide power, the motor transitions into a generator."

The entire flywheel cutaway graphic and explanatory text is surrounded by a box.

                                       15
<PAGE>
    Because of its advantages over lead-acid batteries, Beacon Power's flywheel
energy storage system may be a viable alternative for use in applications where
the loss or disruption of electricity could have potentially significant
economic impacts. Beacon Power's current market focus is to provide flywheel
energy storage systems to telecommunication service providers who must maintain
service during power outages. We believe that the lifetime costs and
functionality of a flywheel energy storage system will compare favorably to
lead-acid batteries in many applications. Over the long-term, if the cost of
manufacturing flywheel energy storage systems is significantly lowered, these
systems could potentially replace batteries that are planned for use in fuel
cell power generation systems.

    In January 2000, Beacon Power received a sales commitment for 100 flywheel
energy storage systems for $15,000 per system from TLER. These systems will be
used for back-up power for a residential telephone system in Mexico. These
systems are required to be delivered by June 2001. In June 2000, Beacon Power
received an initial order for flywheels from Cox Communications. In addition,
Beacon Power has conducted field tests of its flywheel energy storage systems
with Bell Atlantic Network Services, Inc., now part of Verizon Communications,
Century Communications Corporation, now part of Adelphia Communications
Corporation, and WinDBreak Cable. Beacon Power is located in Woburn,
Massachusetts, where it occupies an approximately 20,000 square foot facility.
Beacon Power has signed a lease and expects to move into an approximately 52,000
square foot facility in the Wilmington, Massachusetts area in the first quarter
of 2001. As of September 30, 2000, Beacon Power had a total of 80 full-time
employees and one independent contractor, of which approximately 60 were
engineers, scientists and other degreed professionals.

    FORMATION AND FINANCING HISTORY.  In May 1997, we formed Beacon Power to
develop stationary, terrestrial flywheel energy storage systems for commercial
applications. At that time, DQE Enterprises, Inc., who is currently one of our
investors, made a $5 million investment in SatCon, and we were required to
contribute the $5 million to the capital of Beacon Power to fund its development
efforts. As a condition of DQE Enterprises' investment in us, we granted Beacon
Power a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive right and license to our
flywheel technology for stationary, terrestrial applications.

    On October 23, 1998, Beacon Power completed a $4.8 million private placement
of its class D preferred stock and warrants to Perseus Capital L.L.C., DQE
Enterprises and Micro-Generation Technology Fund, L.L.C. At that time, we
relinquished significant control of Beacon Power and Beacon Power came under the
control of its third-party investors. From June 1999 through March 31, 2000,
Beacon Power was financed through the issuance of approximately $4.7 million of
bridge notes and warrants to its investors, including approximately
$1.0 million from us. On April 7, 2000, Beacon Power issued 1,226,141 shares of
its class E preferred stock and warrants to purchase 306,535 shares of its
class E preferred stock in exchange for the conversion of all of its outstanding
bridge notes of which we received 347,407 shares of Beacon Power's class E
preferred stock and a warrant to purchase 86,852 shares of its class E preferred
stock.

    On April 21, 2000, Beacon Power raised an additional $4.1 million through
the sale of additional bridge notes and warrants to purchase 82,000 shares of
Beacon Power's common stock. We did not participate in this financing. On
May 23, 2000, Beacon Power issued 6,785,711 shares of its class F preferred
stock and additional warrants to purchase shares of Beacon Power's common stock.
The exercise price and the number of shares subject to these additional warrants
were based on the initial public offering price of Beacon Power's common stock.
The shares of class F preferred stock and the additional warrants were issued in
consideration for the cancellation of $5.2 million in bridge notes and an
additional $23.3 million cash investment by existing and new investors. We did
not participate in this financing either.

    Beacon Power's class D preferred stock, class E preferred stock and class F
preferred stock accrue quarterly dividends in arrears at a rate of 12.5% through
May 23, 2000 and 6% thereafter. Beacon Power also has consulting arrangements
with Perseus, DQE Enterprises and Micro pursuant to which Beacon Power must pay
consulting fees in shares of its class A preferred stock.

                                       16
<PAGE>
    In November 2000, Beacon Power completed an initial public offering of its
common stock and issued 8,000,000 shares of its common stock at $6.00 per share.
As of November 30, 2000, we beneficially owned approximately 25.3% of Beacon
Power's common stock.

    BOARD COMPOSITION.  Beacon Power's board of directors currently consists of
seven members. By agreement of Beacon Power's stockholders, two members are
currently designated by Perseus Capital, one member is designated by DQE
Enterprises, one member is designated by Mechanical Technology Incorporated, one
member is designated by GE Capital Equity Investments, Inc. and one member is
designated by us, which is currently David B. Eisenhaure, our chairman of the
board, president and chief executive officer. The seventh member of Beacon
Power's board of directors is William E. Stanton, Beacon Power's president and
chief executive officer.

OUR OPERATING DIVISIONS

    We currently develop and market our products and services through the
following three operating segments:

    ELECTRONICS PRODUCTS.  Our electronics products segment consists of the
following two divisions:

      ADVANCED FUEL CELL POWER PRODUCTS.  Our Advanced Fuel Cell Power Products
      division is establishing manufacturing facilities and processes for the
      production of power electronics for the distributed power generation and
      power quality markets. It also manufactures various multi-chip modules. We
      acquired our Advanced Fuel Cell Power Products division's Marlborough,
      Massachusetts facility in April 1999. As of September 30, 2000, we had 22
      employees working in our Advanced Fuel Cell Power Products division.

      FILM MICROELECTRONICS.  Our Film Microelectronics division, or FMI,
      designs and manufactures standard and custom microelectronic circuits for
      telecommunications, commercial and government aerospace, industrial,
      medical and automotive markets. We acquired FMI in April 1997. FMI is
      located in North Andover, Massachusetts and, as of September 30, 2000, had
      75 employees.

    MOTION CONTROL PRODUCTS.  Our motion control products segment consists of
the following two divisions:

      MAGMOTOR.  Our MagMotor division designs and manufactures standard and
      custom high-performance motors for the industrial machinery, factory
      automation and automotive markets. We acquired MagMotor in January 1997.
      In January 1999, we acquired Inductive Components which we integrated into
      our MagMotor division. MagMotor is located in Worcester, Massachusetts
      and, as of September 30, 2000, had 61 employees.

      LING ELECTRONICS.  Our Ling Electronics division manufactures shaker
      vibration test systems, power converters, amplifiers and controllers. We
      acquired Ling in October 1999 from Mechanical Technology Incorporated.
      Ling is located in Anaheim, California and, as of September 30, 2000, had
      57 employees.

    FUNDED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.  Our funded research and development
segment consists of the following two divisions:

      TECHNOLOGY CENTER.  Our Technology Center, located in Cambridge,
      Massachusetts, focuses on funded research and development. It also
      supports the product development efforts of our other operating divisions.
      The business of Lighthouse Software that we acquired in January 1999 has
      been integrated into our Technology Center. As of September 30, 2000, our
      Technology Center had 80 employees of which 31 were engineers. Our
      engineers have 19 advanced degrees including 8 doctorates.

      ELECTRONIC POWER PRODUCTS.  Our Electronic Power Products division was
      formed in connection with the acquisition of certain intellectual property
      and other assets from Northrop Grumman in

                                       17
<PAGE>
      November 1999. Through this acquisition, we acquired expertise in power
      electronics and the design and development of electric drivetrains for use
      in electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. This division is engaged
      primarily in contract research and development. The Electronic Power
      Products division is located in Baltimore, Maryland and, as of
      September 30, 2000, had 10 employees.

SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS

    The U.S. Department of Defense accounted for 9.8%, 20.6% and 22.1% of our
total revenue for our fiscal years ended September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2000, revenue from the
U.S. Department of Energy and Applied Materials accounted for 11.5% and 10.6% of
our total revenue, respectively.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

    We believe that the continued and timely development of new products and
enhancements to our existing products are necessary to maintain our competitive
position. We use technologies developed by our Technology Center and our
Electronic Power Products division, together with information supplied by our
distributors and customers, to design and develop new products and product
enhancements and to reduce the time-to-market for our products.

    $8.6 million, or 27.8%, of our revenue during the year ended September 30,
2000 was attributable to research and development activities funded by
commercial customers and U.S. government agency sponsors. Under the agreements
funded by the U.S. government, the government retains a royalty-free license to
use the technology developed for government purposes and we retain exclusive
rights to the technology for commercial and industrial applications. The rights
to technology developed under contracts funded by commercial customers are
negotiated on a case-by-case basis. We expended $3.5 million, $726,000 and
$346,000 on internally-funded research and development during our years ended
September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. During the year ended
September 30, 2000, our most concentrated effort was directed toward building
the power inverter for a fuel cell on-site power generation system.

SALES AND MARKETING

    We sell our products and services both domestically and internationally
through our direct sales force and through independent distributors and
representatives. Our direct sales staff manages our key customer accounts,
provides customer support and identifies significant market opportunities in
their respective markets.

    Each of our divisions manages its own marketing organization and is
responsible for developing sales and advertising literature, such as product
announcements, catalogs, brochures and magazine articles in trade and other
publications. Publication of significant events or material information is
handled through our corporate office.

    We maintain close contact with our customers' design and engineering staffs
in order to provide the appropriate products for our customers' applications. We
maintain this close working relationship with our customers throughout the life
of a product, and we believe that it has been a key component of our customers'
satisfaction.

    We compete for and market our research and development contracts through
several methods, including pursuing new and existing customer relationships in
the commercial and government sectors, responding to Small Business Innovative
Research calls for proposals and calls for proposals listed in the daily
publication, COMMERCE BUSINESS DAILY, seeking to maintain a strong technical
reputation within the community, responding to unsolicited requests for
proposals and through our Internet site.

                                       18
<PAGE>
BACKLOG

    Our backlog consists primarily of research and development contracts and
orders for power electronic and motion control products. At September 30, 2000,
the backlog was $23.3 million for work to be performed and products to be
shipped during the year ending September 30, 2001 and beyond. Many of our
contracts and sales orders may be canceled at any time with limited or no
penalty. In addition, contract awards may be subject to funding approval from
the U.S. government and commercial entities, which involves political, budgetary
and other considerations over which we have no control. Our backlog at
September 30, 1999 was $7.3 million.

COMPETITION

    The market for our products is competitive and subject to rapid
technological change. The market is significantly affected by new product
introductions and other market activities of industry participants. We currently
or potentially compete with:

    - manufacturers of converters and inverters for fuel cells such as Trace
      Engineering, a division of Xantrex Technology, Inc., Asea Brown
      Boveri Ltd., Siemens Corporation and Alstom S.A.,

    - manufacturers of hybrid microcircuits such as Omnirel L.L.C.,
      Aeroflex Inc., Teledyne Inc. and DDC & R, Inc.,

    - manufacturers of thin film substrates such as MIC Technology, an Aeroflex
      Company and Ultrasource, Inc.,

    - manufacturers of electric vehicle drivetrains such as Lockheed Martin
      Corp., Solectria Corporation, Delphi Automotive Systems, Corp., Siemens
      Corporation and Visteon Corporation,

    - manufacturers of motors such as MCG Inc., Reliance Electric CO/DE, CMC
      Industries, Inc. and other regional and specialty motor manufacturers,

    - manufacturers of shaker vibration test systems such as Ling Dynamics
      Systems, Ltd. and Unholtz-Dickie, Corp., and

    - developers of flywheel technology such as Active Power, Inc., Trinity
      Flywheel Power and U.S. Flywheel Systems.

    Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources than
we do and are able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion,
sale and support of their products and may have more manufacturing expertise and
capacity. In addition, many of our competitors have more extensive customer
bases and broader customer relationships than we do.

    We believe that competitive factors for our products include:

    - performance

    - reliability

    - efficiency

    - pricing

    - functionality

    - reputation of the vendor

    - service

    - ease of use

    - flexibility

    - manufacturing capacity

    - customization capabilities

    We believe that we are positioned to compete favorably on the basis of each
of these factors in each of our markets.

MANUFACTURING

    We manufacture our products in approximately 80,000 square feet of
manufacturing space at four facilities in Marlborough, Massachusetts; Worcester,
Massachusetts; North Andover, Massachusetts and Anaheim, California. We have
existing manufacturing capacity to meet our current needs. Our goal is to mass
manufacture high volume, low-cost products. We have a semi-automated production
line in our

                                       19
<PAGE>
Marlborough, Massachusetts facility that we expect to be capable of producing up
to 25,000 of our residential fuel cell power conversion systems annually. We
intend to add additional production lines for our products in the future as
demand dictates. We have made and expect to continue to make technological
improvements that reduce the costs to manufacture our products.

    We believe that most of the raw materials used in our products are readily
available from a variety of vendors. Additionally, we design and develop our
products to use commodity parts in order to simplify the manufacturing process.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

    Our success and competitiveness depend on our ability to develop and
maintain the proprietary aspects of our technology and operate without
infringing on the proprietary rights of others. We rely on a combination of
patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright law and contract restrictions to
protect the proprietary aspects of our technology. We seek to limit disclosure
of our intellectual property by requiring employees, consultants, and any third
parties with access to our proprietary information to execute confidentiality
agreements and by restricting access to that information. These legal
protections afford only limited protection for our technology.

    We currently own 59 U.S. patents and have 13 patent applications pending
with the U.S. patent and trademark office. In addition, 36 other patents have
been issued to our employees and assigned to DaimlerChrysler in connection with
the Chrysler Patriot racecar project. DaimlerChrysler granted us a
non-exclusive, royalty-free license to these patents for non-automotive
applications. Our 59 U.S. patents and the 36 patents assigned to DaimlerChrysler
are distributed among the following five application areas:

    - motor related applications,

    - magnetic levitation and magnetic bearings,

    - flywheels,

    - distributed power generation and hybrid-electric vehicles, and

    - power electronics and controls.

    The expiration dates of these patents range from 2007 to 2018. With the
exception of two patents, most of our patents expire in or after 2012, with the
majority expiring in 2014 and 2016.

    In 1997, we granted Beacon Power a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free,
exclusive right and license to our flywheel technology for stationary,
terrestrial applications. As a qualifying small business, we have retained
commercial ownership rights to proprietary technology developed under various
U.S. government contracts and grants, including small business innovation
research contracts. Our patent and trade secret rights are of material
importance to us and to our future prospects.

    Most of the 59 U.S. patents described above are the result of retaining
ownership of inventions made under U.S. government-funded research and
development programs. With respect to any invention made with government
assistance, the government has a nonexclusive, nontransferable, irrevocable,
paid-up license to use the technology or have the technology employed for or on
behalf of the U.S. government throughout the world. Under certain conditions,
the U.S. government also has "march-in rights." These rights enable the U.S.
government to require us to grant a nonexclusive, partially exclusive, or
exclusive license in any field of use to responsible applicants, upon terms that
are reasonable under the circumstances. If we refuse, the government can grant
the license itself, provided that it determines that such action is necessary
because we have not achieved practical application of the invention, or to
alleviate health or safety needs, or to meet requirements for public use
specified by federal regulations, or because products using such inventions are
not being produced substantially in the United States. The exercise of these
rights by the government could create potential competitors for us if we later
determine to further develop the technologies and utilize the inventions in
which the government has exercised these rights.

                                       20
<PAGE>
    Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties
may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information
that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our products or
technologies is difficult. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce
our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the
validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against
claims of infringement or invalidity. Any such resulting litigation could result
in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

    We cannot assure you that third parties will not claim infringement with
respect to our current or future products. Any such claims, with or without
merit, could be time-consuming to defend, result in costly litigation, divert
management's attention and resources, cause product shipment delays or require
us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. Such royalty or licensing
agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at
all. A successful claim of intellectual property infringement against us and our
failure or inability to license the infringed technology or develop or license
technology with comparable functionality could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition.

    We depend upon intellectual property developments which sometimes derive in
whole or in part from U.S. government contracts and subcontracts. Our rights to
these intellectual property developments vary by contract, depending upon such
factors as whether the government wholly or only partly funded the contract, and
the terms of the negotiation between us and the government department. Some
contracts may give us exclusive rights to commercialize the invention, reserving
to the government only those rights which it needs for government functions.
Other contracts may give broader rights to the government. At the least, most of
these contracts provide us with a non-exclusive, non-assignable license to use a
development for commercial purposes, however most of our technology developed
through government-funded contracts is protected through patents and exclusive
rights.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

    We presently are subject to various federal, state and local laws and
regulations relating to, among other things, safe working conditions, handling
and disposal of hazardous and potentially hazardous substances and emissions of
pollutants into the atmosphere. To date, we believe that we have obtained all
necessary government permits and have been in substantial compliance with all of
these applicable laws and regulations.

GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS

    We act as a prime contractor or major subcontractor for many different U.S.
government programs, including those that involve the development of
electro-mechanical transportation, navigation and energy-related products. Over
its lifetime, a program may be implemented by the award of many individual
contracts and subcontracts, or contracts with option years, or partially funded
contracts.

    U.S. government contracts include provisions permitting termination, in
whole or in part, without prior notice, at the U.S. government's discretion. The
U.S. government pays compensation for work actually done and commitments made at
the time of termination, and some allowance for profit on the work performed.
The U.S. government may also terminate for default in performance and pay only
the value delivered to the U.S. government. It can also hold the contractor
responsible for reprocurement costs.

    Our government contract business is also subject to specific procurement
statutes and regulations and a variety of socioeconomic and other requirements.
Failure to comply with these regulations and requirements could lead to loss of
contract or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting or
subcontracting for a period of time. Examples of these statutes and regulations
are those related to procurement integrity, export control, employment
practices, the accuracy of records and the recording of costs.

                                       21
<PAGE>
    Sales to the U.S. government may be affected by changes in research
interests in the areas in which we engage, changing government department
budgets, and changing procurement policies.

EMPLOYEES

    At September 30, 2000, we had a total of 278 full-time employees, three
part-time employees and 24 contract employees. Of the total, 110 persons were
employed in engineering, 127 in manufacturing, 45 in administration and 23 in
sales and marketing. None of our employees are represented by a union. We
believe that our relations with our employees are good.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

    We lease office, manufacturing and research and development space in the
following locations:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   APPROXIMATE NUMBER   EXPIRATION
          LOCATION                        PRIMARY USE                OF SQUARE FEET      OF LEASE
- ----------------------------  -----------------------------------  ------------------   ----------
<S>                           <C>                                  <C>                  <C>
Cambridge, Massachusetts      Corporate headquarters and research
                              and development                            33,000            2003
North Andover, Massachusetts  Manufacturing                              15,000            2002
Worcester, Massachusetts      Manufacturing                              17,000            2003
Marlborough, Massachusetts    Manufacturing                              20,000            2005
Baltimore, Maryland           Research and development                   16,000            2002
Anaheim, California           Manufacturing                              60,000            2003
</TABLE>

    Our Cambridge, Massachusetts lease contains an additional 13,000 square feet
of space which is subleased to a third party until December 31, 2002. Our
Anaheim, California lease contains an additional 25,000 square feet of
manufacturing space for a total of 85,000 square feet. The additional space is
subleased to a third party until May 31, 2001. We also lease 8,800 square feet
in Tucson, Arizona until March 31, 2001, which we have subleased to a third
party through that lease term.

    We believe our facilities are adequate for our current needs and that
adequate facilities for expansion, if required, are available. See also
"Business--Our Operating Divisions."

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

    On October 15, 1997, we received a letter from the Department of the Air
Force stating that it may terminate for default an approximately $1.6 million
contract between the Air Force and us for development of a satellite component,
unless perceived performance problems were cured. As of that date, we received
payments of approximately $1.4 million in connection with this contract. In the
event of an actual default, we could be liable for extra costs incurred by the
U.S. government in developing the component and could be required to return a
portion of the monies we received for this contract. On December 15, 1997, the
Air Force issued a "Show Cause Notice" to us requiring us to demonstrate to the
Air Force why the contract should not be terminated "for cause." On
December 31, 1997, we responded to the Air Force's "Show Cause Notice,"
explaining our view that we should not be terminated for cause. On May 11, 2000,
we contacted the Air Force again to offer to settle our differences and to
explore obtaining additional settlement amounts. On August 3, 2000, we sent a
memorandum to the Air Force explaining the basis of a settlement request of
$353,248. Also on August 3, 2000, we received from the Air Force a proposed
settlement offer. On September 15, 2000, we entered into a settlement agreement
in which the contract was to be closed and considered completed through a
contract modification with no additional payment, but without termination for
cause. The contract is still subject to normal audit and accounting of final
cost.

    On November 6, 1999, APACE, Inc. commenced an action against us in the
Supreme Court of the State of New York claiming that we had been awarded a prime
contract by the U.S. Department of Energy and that we had failed or refused to
negotiate a subcontract with APACE, allegedly in breach of a contract

                                       22
<PAGE>
between us and APACE. APACE is seeking in excess of $1,000,000 in damages. We
denied the allegations, moved to stay the action and filed for arbitration with
the American Arbitration Association in Boston, Massachusetts. The American
Arbitration Association decided that the arbitration would go forward in Boston.
In the meantime, APACE requested that the court permit the action to go forward
and for the arbitration to be stayed. On March 21, 2000, the Supreme Court of
the State of New York issued an order compelling arbitration and staying APACE's
action pending arbitration to be conducted by the American Arbitration
Association in Boston.

    On June 26, 2000, APACE served us with an amended answering statement and
counterclaim, including additional allegations that we have engaged in unfair
and deceptive trade practices and that our actions were willful and knowing.
Based on these allegations, APACE is seeking multiple damages, as well as
attorneys' fees and expenses. On July 19, 2000, we filed an answer to APACE's
amended answering statement and counterclaim, denying the allegations and
asserting various affirmative defenses.

    An arbitrator has been selected and the arbitration is scheduled to go
forward in Boston for nine days in February, March and April of 2001. The
parties have exchanged some discovery, and expect to make a further exchange
early in 2001.

    Sean F. Moran, our Chief Financial Officer, is named as a defendant in three
shareholder class action complaints filed in the United States District Court
for the District of Massachusetts. The complaints, captioned RO NEMETH-COSLETT
V. ANIKA THERAPEUTICS, INC., J. MELVILLE ENGLE AND SEAN MORAN (filed on or about
June 8, 2000), MARK CASAZZA V. ANIKA THERAPEUTICS, INC., J. MELVILLE ENGLE AND
SEAN MORAN (filed on or about June 26, 2000), and RODNEY M. ROCKEFELLER AND LARA
LEE ROCKEFELLER V. ANIKA THERAPEUTICS, INC., J. MELVILLE ENGLE AND SEAN MORAN
(filed on or about August 2, 2000), allege violations of the federal securities
laws by Anika Therapeutics, Inc., J. Melville Engle, who serves as Anika's Chief
Executive Officer, and Sean F. Moran, who served as Anika's Chief Financial
Officer from February 1993 to January 2000. The complaints allege a two-year
putative class period through May 30, 2000, and allege that Anika and the
individual defendants violated the federal securities laws by making material
misrepresentations and omissions that relate to Anika's press releases and
historical financial statements for 1998 and the first three quarters of 1999.

    Anika has previously reported publicly that it was the subject of an
informal investigation by the SEC as disclosed by Anika in March 2000, which
later became a formal investigation by the SEC as disclosed by Anika in May
2000. Anika has reported that in connection with the formal investigation, the
SEC has required Anika to provide information in connection with certain revenue
recognition matters. Anika has reported that these matters related to Anika's
historical accounting for sales of its product under a long-term supply and
distribution agreement. In March 2000, Anika restated its financial results for
1998 and the first three quarters of 1999 to change its revenue recognition
policy under this long-term supply contract.

    From time to time, we are a party to routine litigation and proceedings in
the ordinary course of business. We are not aware of any current or pending
litigation to which we are or may be a party that we believe could materially
adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

    No matter was submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth
quarter of the year covered by this report through the solicitation of proxies
or otherwise.

                                       23
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

    Our common stock is publicly traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "SATC."

    The following table sets forth the range of high and low sales prices of our
common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market for fiscal years 1999 and
2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       HIGH       LOW
                                                                     --------   --------
       <S>                                                           <C>        <C>
       YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1999
       First Quarter...............................................   $ 7.75     $ 3.69
       Second Quarter..............................................     6.56       3.63
       Third Quarter...............................................     9.88       4.50
       Fourth Quarter..............................................    10.44       7.06
       YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
       First Quarter...............................................   $10.44     $ 7.31
       Second Quarter..............................................    44.75       8.00
       Third Quarter...............................................    28.81      10.50
       Fourth Quarter..............................................    41.00      23.50
</TABLE>

    On December 20, 2000, the last reported sale price of our common stock as
reported on the Nasdaq National Market was $9.3438 per share. As of
December 12, 2000, there were 13,877,185 shares of our common stock outstanding
held by approximately 190 holders of record.

DIVIDEND POLICY

    We have never paid dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to
retain earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business and
do not anticipate paying cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Payment of
future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors
after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition,
operating results, current and anticipated cash needs and plans for expansion.

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES

    On September 27, 2000, we issued 100,000 shares of our common stock to
Northrop Grumman Corporation in connection with the exercise by Northrop Grumman
Corporation of a warrant we issued to Northrop Grumman Corporation at an
exercise price of $9.75 per share. The common stock was issued in reliance upon
the exemptions from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act or
Regulation D promulgated thereunder, relative to sales by an issuer not
involving any public offering.

                                       24
<PAGE>
ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

    Our financial statements for the years ended September 30, 1999, 1998, 1997
and 1996 have been restated. All financial information included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K reflect the restatements. For a discussion of the
restatements, see our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

    You should read the data set forth below in conjunction with "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and
our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The selected consolidated financial data set
forth below for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998 and the
consolidated balance sheet data as of September 30, 2000 and 1999 are derived
from our audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. The selected consolidated statement of operations
data for the fiscal years ended September 30, 1997 and 1996 and the consolidated
balance sheet data as of September 30, 1998, 1997 and 1996 are derived from our
audited consolidated financial statements that are not included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. The statement of operations for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2000 includes the results of Ling Electronics beginning from
October 21, 1999, the date on which we acquired Ling Electronics.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                        ----------------------------------------------------
                                                          2000       1999       1998       1997       1996
                                                        --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                               (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                     <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA
  Product revenue.....................................  $ 22,427   $  9,123   $ 7,520    $ 3,728    $    --
  Funded research and development revenue.............     8,628      6,355     8,011      8,738      9,385
                                                        --------   --------   -------    -------    -------
  Total revenue.......................................    31,055     15,478    15,531     12,466      9,385
  Cost of product revenue.............................    19,069      9,511     5,474      2,683         --
                                                        --------   --------   -------    -------    -------
  Gross margin........................................    11,986      5,967    10,057      9,783      9,385
                                                        --------   --------   -------    -------    -------
  Research and development expenses...................    10,301      6,554     6,794     11,443      8,213
  Selling, general and administrative expenses........     9,970      8,819     4,523      6,198      5,569
  Amortization of intangibles.........................     1,217        371       291        120         --
                                                        --------   --------   -------    -------    -------
  Total operating expenses............................    21,488     15,744    11,608     17,761     13,782
                                                        --------   --------   -------    -------    -------
  Operating loss......................................    (9,502)    (9,777)   (1,551)    (7,978)    (4,397)
  Other income (expense), net.........................       460       (224)      170        269        464
                                                        --------   --------   -------    -------    -------
  Net loss before income taxes and loss from Beacon
    Power.............................................    (9,042)   (10,001)   (1,381)    (7,709)    (3,933)
  Benefit/(provision) for income taxes................        --         --        (4)        --        144
  Loss from Beacon Power Corporation..................      (899)    (4,341)   (3,473)        --         --
                                                        --------   --------   -------    -------    -------
  Net loss............................................    (9,941)   (14,342)   (4,858)    (7,709)    (3,789)
  Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock
    discount..........................................    (3,106)       (51)       --         --         --
                                                        --------   --------   -------    -------    -------
  Net loss attributable to common stockholders........  $(13,047)  $(14,393)  $(4,858)   $(7,709)   $(3,789)
                                                        ========   ========   =======    =======    =======
  Net loss per share, basic and diluted...............  $  (1.03)  $  (1.57)  $ (0.54)   $ (0.97)   $ (0.52)
                                                        ========   ========   =======    =======    =======
  Weighted average number of common shares, basic and
    diluted...........................................    12,630      9,176     8,957      7,959      7,286
                                                        ========   ========   =======    =======    =======
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          AS OF SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------
                                                            2000       1999       1998       1997       1996
                                                          --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                                             (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
BALANCE SHEET DATA
Cash and cash equivalents...............................  $ 8,814    $ 2,533    $ 1,202    $ 4,257    $ 3,771
Assets transferred to Beacon Power Corporation..........       --         --        577         --         --
Total assets............................................   44,487     17,815     16,689     18,219     16,354
Working capital.........................................   18,390      7,714      7,905     10,595     11,011
Liabilities transferred to Beacon Power Corporation.....       --         --      1,564         --         --
Total long-term liabilities, net of current portion.....      214         64        239        323         --
Contingent obligation to Class D preferred stockholders
  of Beacon Power Corporation...........................    5,794      5,309         --         --         --
Redeemable convertible preferred stock..................       --      4,894         --         --         --
Stockholders' equity....................................   31,118      4,421     12,372     15,589     15,175
</TABLE>

                                       25
<PAGE>
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

    On four separate occasions since January 1, 1999, we have restated our
financial results. These restatements, announced on January 13, 1999, August 16,
1999, August 8, 2000 and September 12, 2000, affected various reporting periods
during our fiscal years ended September 30, 1996 through 1999 and our nine-month
period ended June 30, 2000. The restatements primarily related to the accounting
for our investment in Beacon Power, and other various accounting matters
including accounting for stock options and warrants, providing additional
reserves for accounts receivable, inventory, warranty and sales returns and
writing off certain property and equipment. On September 18, 2000, the SEC's
enforcement division requested that we meet with them to explain the
circumstances surrounding the restatements announced on August 8, 2000 and
September 12, 2000. On September 22, 2000, David B. Eisenhaure and Sean F.
Moran, our President and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, along with our
independent public accountants and outside counsel, met with various
representatives of the SEC in response to their inquiry. We explained the
circumstances surrounding our August 2000 and September 2000 restatements and
responded to the SEC's questions. We expect that the SEC will have additional
questions. The SEC may seek to meet with individuals, which may include our
employees as well as representatives of Beacon Power and our former and current
independent accountants. We will cooperate fully with any further SEC inquiry.

    The following discussion reflects the restatement of our financial
statements for fiscal years 1998 and 1999. For a discussion of the restatements,
see our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

OVERVIEW

    We are developing enabling technologies for the emerging distributed power
generation and power quality markets. We manufacture power and energy management
products that convert, condition, store and manage electricity for businesses
and consumers that require high-quality, uninterruptible power. We are utilizing
our engineering and manufacturing expertise to develop products to serve the
distributed power generation and power quality markets, including products for
fuel cell and microturbine power generation systems, hybrid-electric vehicles
and flywheel energy storage systems. We believe the family of products we are
developing will be integral components of distributed power generation and power
quality systems.

    In the past three years, we have expanded our business and capabilities
through the following acquisitions:

    - K&D Magmotor Corp.--a manufacturer of custom and standard electric motors,
      acquired in January 1997.

    - Film Microelectronics, Inc.--a manufacturer of thin film substrates and
      hybrid microelectronics, acquired in April 1997.

    - Inductive Components, Inc.--a value-added supplier of customized electric
      motors, acquired in January 1999.

    - Lighthouse Software, Inc.--a supplier of control software for machine
      tools, acquired in January 1999.

    - HyComp, Inc.--a manufacturer of hybrid microelectronics, acquired in
      April 1999.

    - Ling Electronics, Inc.--a manufacturer of shaker vibration test systems,
      power converters, amplifiers and controllers, acquired in October 1999.

All of these acquisitions were accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting. In addition, in November 1999, we acquired intellectual property,
tooling and other assets from Northrop Grumman

                                       26
<PAGE>
Corporation enabling us to manufacture and sell electric drivetrains. See
Note O to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for more information regarding our acquisitions.

    In May 1997, we formed Beacon Power Corporation to develop stationary,
terrestrial flywheel energy storage systems for commercial applications. On
October 23, 1998, Beacon Power completed a $4.8 million private placement of its
class D redeemable preferred stock and warrants to third-party investors, and we
relinquished significant control of Beacon Power. As of October 23, 1998, we
owned 0.1% of Beacon Power's voting stock and 67.0% of Beacon Power's
outstanding capital stock. From June 1999 through March 31, 2000, Beacon Power
was financed through the issuance of approximately $4.7 million of bridge notes
and warrants to its investors, including $1.0 million from us. On April 7, 2000,
Beacon Power issued 1,226,141 shares of its class E redeemable preferred stock
and warrants to purchase 306,535 shares of its class E preferred stock in
exchange for the conversion of all of its outstanding bridge notes of which we
received 347,407 shares of Beacon Power's class E redeemable preferred stock and
a warrant to purchase 86,852 shares of its class E preferred stock. As of
April 7, 2000, we owned 11.0% of Beacon Power's voting stock and 61.0% of Beacon
Power's outstanding capital stock. On April 21, 2000, Beacon Power raised an
additional $4.1 million through the sale of additional bridge notes and warrants
to purchase 41,000 shares of Beacon Power's common stock. We did not participate
in this financing. On May 23, 2000, Beacon Power issued 6,785,711 shares of its
class F preferred stock and additional warrants to purchase shares of Beacon
Power's common stock. The shares of class F preferred stock and the additional
warrants were issued in consideration for the cancellation of $5.2 million in
bridge notes and an additional $23.3 million cash investment by existing and new
investors. We did not participate in this financing either. As of May 23, 2000,
we owned 3.5% of Beacon Power's voting stock and 33.0% of Beacon Power's
outstanding capital stock. As of September 30, 2000, we owned approximately 3.5%
of the outstanding voting stock of Beacon Power and 32.1% of the capital stock
of Beacon Power on a common equivalent basis after taking all dividend accruals
into account.

    The results of our operations include a $3.1 million loss of Beacon Power
from May 8, 1997 to December 24, 1997 under the consolidation method of
accounting. On December 24, 1997, we began accounting for our investment in
Beacon Power in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 30/Topic 5.E.
(SAB) "Accounting for Divesture of a Subsidiary or Other Business Operation" and
have included 100% of Beacon Power's $7.1 million loss for the period from
December 25, 1997 through May 1999 in a manner similar to the equity method of
accounting, at which time, our initial investment of $1.9 million, the $30,000
additional investment and the additional deemed investment of $4.8 million and
accrued dividends of $410,000 had been written down to zero. In June 1999, we
committed up to $1.0 million of additional financing to Beacon Power,
representing a minority share of a funding commitment received by Beacon Power
and we began accounting for our investment in Beacon Power under the equity
method of accounting and have included in our results through September 30, 2000
our share of Beacon Power's losses of $1.9 million. As of September 30, 2000,
our additional investment in Beacon Power had been reduced to zero and our
contingent obligation to Beacon Power's class D preferred stockholders was
$5.8 million. We will continue to record additional losses from Beacon Power to
the extent of additional dividends accrued on the contingent obligation to the
class D preferred stockholders of Beacon Power.

    In November 2000, Beacon Power completed an initial public offering of its
common stock and issued 8,000,000 shares of common stock at $6.00 per share.
Upon the closing of Beacon Power's initial public offering, we owned
approximately 25% of Beacon Power's voting stock. In connection with the closing
of the initial public offering, the put right, as described in Note E to our
financial statements, was terminated and the contingent obligation to class D
preferred stockholders of Beacon Power will be reclassified as additional paid
in capital. In addition, our preferred stock in Beacon Power was converted into
9,694,812 shares of Beacon Power's common stock. In accordance with SEC Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 51, our investment and additional paid in capital will
be written up during the first quarter of fiscal 2001 to reflect our beneficial
interest in the book value of the stockholders' equity of Beacon Power, which

                                       27
<PAGE>
we estimate to be approximately $15.0 million. After the write-up of our
investment in Beacon Power, we will continue to account for our investment in
Beacon Power under the equity method of accounting and record our share of
losses from Beacon Power on a one-quarter trailing basis until our investment in
Beacon Power has been reduced to zero. If in the future, our ownership interest
in Beacon Power's outstanding capital stock is reduced to below 20% and we
determine that we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence over
the operating and financial policies of Beacon Power, our investment in Beacon
Power will be accounted for using the fair value method as set forth in SFAS No.
115 based upon the carrying value of our investment in Beacon Power at the time
our interest is reduced to below 20%. At that time, we will no longer be
required to record our share of any losses from Beacon Power. Under the fair
value method, the value of the investment will be carried at fair market value
with any unrealized holding gains or losses to be included in stockholders'
equity as a component of other accumulated comprehensive income.

    We recognize revenue from product sales in accordance with Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 101 "Revenue Recognition." Product revenue is recognized when there
is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery of the product to the
customer has occurred, at which time title generally is passed to the customer,
and we have determined that collection of a fixed fee is probable, all of which
occur upon shipment of the product. If the product requires installation to be
performed by us, all revenue related to the product is deferred and recognized
upon the completion of the installation. We provide for a warranty reserve at
the time the product revenue is recognized.

    We perform funded research and development and product development for
commercial companies and government agencies under both cost reimbursement and
fixed-price contracts. Cost reimbursement contracts provide for the
reimbursement of allowable costs and, in some situations, the payment of a fee.
These contracts may contain incentive clauses providing for increases or
decreases in the fee depending on how costs compare with budget. On fixed-price
contracts, revenue is generally recognized on the percentage of completion
method based upon the proportion of costs incurred to the total estimated costs
for the contract. Revenue from reimbursement contracts is recognized as services
are performed. In each type of contract, we receive periodic progress payments
or payment upon reaching interim milestones. All payments to us for work
performed on contracts with agencies of the U.S. government are subject to audit
and adjustment by the Defense Contract Audit Agency. Adjustments are recognized
in the period made. When the current estimates of total contract revenue for
commercial product development contracts indicate a loss, a provision for the
entire loss on the contract is recorded. Any losses incurred in performing
funded research and development projects are recognized as research and
development expense as incurred.

    Cost of revenue includes cost of product revenue, including materials, labor
and overhead. Costs incurred in connection with funded research and development
arrangements are included in research and development expenses.

    We have incurred significant costs to develop our technology and products.
These costs have exceeded total revenues. As a result, we have incurred net
losses for the fiscal years ended 2000, 1999, 1998, 1997 and 1996. As of
September 30, 2000, we had an accumulated deficit of $40.2 million. We intend to
significantly increase our capital expenditures and operating expenses to
rapidly expand our manufacturing capabilities and for general corporate
purposes, including product development activities, sales and marketing and
administrative activities. Because we expect to continue to invest in our
business ahead of anticipated future revenues, we expect to incur operating
losses at least through the next two years.

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

    This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains or incorporates forward-looking
statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934. You can identify these
forward-looking statement by our use of the words "believes," "anticipates,"
"plans," "expects," "may," "will," "intends," "estimates," and similar
expressions, whether in the negative or in the

                                       28
<PAGE>
affirmative. Although we believe that these forward-looking statements
reasonably reflect our plans, intentions and expectations, our actual results
could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in
the forward-looking statements we make. We have included important factors in
the cautionary statements below under the heading "Factors Affecting Future
Results" that we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements that we make. These factors also include,
without limitation, those set forth in Exhibit 99 to this Form 10-K, which are
expressly incorporated by reference herein. We do not intend to update
information contained in any forward-looking statements we make.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000 COMPARED TO FISCAL YEAR ENDED
    SEPTEMBER 30, 1999

    PRODUCT REVENUE.  Product revenue increased by $13.3 million or 146% from
$9.1 million to $22.4 million. This increase was attributable to $7.4 million in
revenue from Ling Electronics, $2.3 million from increased volume in our
microelectronics products, primarily from radio frequency amplifiers that are
currently used in satellite uplink systems, satellite television and wireless
Internet service, $2.3 million from increased volume in our magnetic levitation
products and $1.3 million from increased volume from high performance motors.

    FUNDED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT REVENUE.  Funded research and development
revenue increased by $2.3 million or 36% from $6.4 million to $8.6 million. This
increase was attributable to an additional $2.4 million in funded research and
development revenue from a Department of Energy program to develop low-cost
power conversion modules for electric and hybrid-electric vehicles and was
partially offset by our increased focus on internally funded research projects
including the development of power conversion products for the distributed power
generation market.

    GROSS MARGIN.  Gross margin increased by $6.0 million or 101% from
$6.0 million to $12.0 million. Gross margin from products increased by
$3.7 million and funded research and development increased by $2.3 million.
Gross margin from product revenue as a percentage of product revenue increased
to 15% from (4%). The improvement in gross margin from product revenue as a
percentage of product revenue is due to improved plant utilization at MagMotor
and Film Microelectronics and the inclusion of revenue and gross margin from
Ling Electronics.

    RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES.  Research and development expenses
increased by $3.7 million or 57% from $6.6 million to $10.3 million. The
increase was primarily attributable to an additional $2.9 million in funded
research and development expenses related to the Department of Energy contract
as well as our increased focus on internally funded research projects including
the development of power conversion products for the distributed power
generation market.

    SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES.  Selling, general and
administrative expenses increased by $1.2 million or 13% from $8.8 million to
$10.0 million. The increase was primarily due to the inclusion of $2.9 million
of costs from Ling Electronics, $800,000 of costs for facilities and staffing in
an effort to meet expected growth and demand for our products and the inclusion
of a full year of expenses related to Inductive Components and Lighthouse
Software which were acquired in January 1999 and HyComp which was acquired in
April 1999. These increases were offset by the recording of $2.2 million of
non-cash stock-based compensation expense related to the issuance of stock
options and warrants to consultants and $1.0 million of additional reserves for
unbilled contract costs and fees and accounts receivable in 1999. Based on the
facts and circumstances during 1999, we established a reserve of $521,000 for
unbilled contract costs and fees related to a contract with the Department of
the Air Force which was terminable by the Department of the Air Force if it
determined that we were in default under the contract. In addition, we provided
$513,000 in reserve for unbilled contract costs and fees and accounts receivable
to properly reflect the reserve requirements.

                                       29
<PAGE>
    AMORTIZATION OF INTANGIBLES.  Amortization of intangibles increased $846,000
or 228% from $371,000 to $1.2 million. This increase was the result of
amortization of intangibles recorded in connection with the acquisitions of
Inductive Components and Lighthouse Software in January 1999, Ling Electronics
in October 1999 and certain intellectual property and other intangible assets
from Northrop Grumman in November 1999.

    OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET.  Other income, net increased to $460,000 from
$224,000 of other expense, net. The increase was the result of an increase in
cash and cash equivalents being maintained in interest-bearing accounts and a
decrease of interest expense associated with our line of credit.

    LOSS FROM BEACON POWER CORPORATION.  Loss from Beacon Power decreased by
$3.4 million or 79% from $4.3 million to $899,000. During the year ended
September 30, 2000, we recorded our share of Beacon Power's losses of $899,000,
under the equity method of accounting. As of December 31, 1999, our investment
in Beacon Power had been reduced to zero, however, we continued to record losses
from Beacon Power to the extent of additional interest accrued on the contingent
obligation to the class D preferred stockholders of Beacon Power. During the
year ended September 30, 1999, we recorded 100% of Beacon Power's losses of
$3.6 million in accordance with SAB Topic 5.E., in a manner similar to the
equity method of accounting through May 1999 and in June 1999, we began
accounting for our investment in Beacon Power under the equity method of
accounting and recorded our share of Beacon Power's losses of $734,000 from June
1999 to September 1999.

    FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1999 COMPARED TO FISCAL YEAR ENDED
    SEPTEMBER 30, 1998

    PRODUCT REVENUE.  Product revenue increased $1.6 million or 21% from
$7.5 million to $9.1 million. This increase was attributable to $1.0 million
from the introduction of our magnetic levitation products and $396,000 from
increased volume in our microelectronics products, primarily from radio
frequency amplifiers that are currently used in satellite uplink systems,
satellite television and wireless Internet service and $202,000 from increased
volume from high performance motors.

    FUNDED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT REVENUE.  Funded research and development
revenue decreased by $1.7 million or 21% from $8.0 million to $6.4 million.
During the year ended September 30, 1999, we devoted more resources to
internally funded research and development programs including the development of
power conversion products for the distributed power generation market.

    GROSS MARGIN.  Gross margin decreased by $4.1 million from $10.1 million to
$6.0 million. Gross margin from products decreased by $2.4 million and funded
research and development revenue decreased by $1.7 million. Gross margin from
product revenue as a percentage of product revenue decreased to (4)% of product
revenue in 1999 from 27% in the prior year. Gross margin from product sales as a
percentage of product revenue decreased due to increased costs incurred in
developing new products and for additional staffing and facility costs. In
addition, we also recorded a $900,000 provision for obsolete and slow moving
inventory.

    RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES.  Research and development expenses
decreased $240,000 or 4% from $6.8 million to $6.6 million. The decrease was the
result of accounting for our investment in Beacon Power as of December 24, 1997
in accordance with SAB 30 and thus no longer including Beacon Power's research
and development expenses in our results. In 1998, we included $1.2 million of
Beacon Power's research and development expenses in our results through
December 24, 1997, at which time we began accounting for our investment in
Beacon Power in accordance with SAB 30. This decrease was partially offset by an
increase in our effort to develop distributed power conversion systems and other
internal research and development programs.

    SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES.  Selling, general and
administrative expenses increased $4.3 million or 95% from $4.5 million to
$8.8 million. This increase was primarily due to $2.2 million of non-cash
stock-based compensation expense related to the issuance of stock options and
warrants to

                                       30
<PAGE>
consultants in 1999, $1.0 million of additional reserves for unbilled contract
costs and fees and accounts receivable and $800,000 in costs for facilities and
staffing in an effort to meet expected growth and demand for our products. Based
on the facts and circumstances during 1999, we established a reserve against
$521,000 of unbilled contract costs and fees related to a contract with the
Department of the Air Force which was terminable by the Department of the Air
Force if it determined that we were in default under the contract. In addition,
we provided $513,000 in reserves for unbilled contract costs and fees and
accounts receivable to properly reflect the reserve requirements.

    AMORTIZATION OF INTANGIBLES.  Amortization of intangibles increased $80,000
or 27% from $291,000 to $371,000. This increase was the result of the
acquisition of Inductive Components and Lighthouse Software in January 1999.

    OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET.  Other expense, net increased to $224,000 from
$170,000 of other income, net as a result of increased interest expense and
decreased interest income.

    LOSS FROM BEACON POWER CORPORATION.  Loss from Beacon Power increased
$868,000 or 25% from $3.5 million to $4.3 million. As of December 24, 1997, we
began accounting for our investment in Beacon Power in accordance with SAB
Topic 5.E. and we have included 100% of Beacon Power's net loss of $3.5 million
in our results during the year ended September 30, 1998 in a manner similar to
the equity method of accounting. During 1999, we continued to account for our
investment in Beacon Power in accordance with SAB Topic 5.E. until May 1999 and
have included $3.6 million of Beacon Power's net loss in our results during that
period. In June 1999, we began accounting for our investment in Beacon Power
under the equity method of accounting and have recorded an additional $734,000
of our share of losses from Beacon Power during June 1999 to September 1999.

QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    The following table presents unaudited quarterly statement of operations
data for the eight quarters ended September 30, 2000. This data has been
prepared on a basis consistent with our audited financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This data includes all
adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments, that we believe
necessary for a fair presentation of this

                                       31
<PAGE>
information. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily
indicative of results to be expected for any future period.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                          ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          SEPT. 30,   JUNE 30,   MAR. 31,   DEC. 31,   SEPT. 30,   JUNE 30,   MAR. 31,   DEC. 31,
                                            2000        2000       2000       1999       1999        1999       1999       1998
                                          ---------   --------   --------   --------   ---------   --------   --------   --------
                                                                   (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                       <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA
  Product revenue.......................   $ 8,159    $ 5,459    $ 5,648    $ 3,161     $ 2,733    $ 2,623    $ 1,772    $ 1,995
  Funded research and development
    revenue.............................     2,102      3,235      1,896      1,395       1,266      1,469      1,890      1,730
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------     -------    -------    -------    -------
  Total revenue.........................    10,261      8,694      7,544      4,556       3,999      4,092      3,662      3,725
  Cost of product revenue...............     6,583      4,599      4,886      3,001       2,784      3,288      1,915      1,524
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------     -------    -------    -------    -------
  Gross margin..........................     3,678      4,095      2,658      1,555       1,215        804      1,747      2,201
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------     -------    -------    -------    -------
  Research and development expenses.....     2,741      3,944      1,893      1,723       1,526      2,136      1,465      1,428
  Selling, general and administrative
    expenses............................     2,963      2,555      2,420      2,032       1,624      5,176      1,029        990
  Amortization of intangibles...........       322        323        329        243          98        101         94         78
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------     -------    -------    -------    -------
  Total operating expenses..............     6,026      6,822      4,642      3,998       3,248      7,413      2,588      2,496
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------     -------    -------    -------    -------
  Operating loss........................    (2,348)    (2,727)    (1,984)    (2,443)     (2,033)    (6,609)      (841)      (295)
  Other income (expense), net...........       185        146         99         30         (31)      (186)       (26)        20
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------     -------    -------    -------    -------
  Net loss before loss from Beacon Power
    Corporation.........................    (2,163)    (2,581)    (1,855)    (2,413)     (2,064)    (6,795)      (867)      (275)
  Loss from Beacon Power Corporation....       (72)      (116)      (148)      (563)       (512)    (1,006)    (1,383)    (1,440)
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------     -------    -------    -------    -------
  Net loss..............................    (2,235)    (2,697)    (2,033)    (2,976)     (2,576)    (7,801)    (2,250)    (1,715)
  Accretion of redeemable convertible
    preferred stock discount............        --         --     (2,950)      (156)        (51)        --         --         --
                                           -------    -------    -------    -------     -------    -------    -------    -------
  Net loss attributable to common
    stockholders........................   $(2,235)   $(2,697)   $(4,983)   $(3,132)    $(2,627)   $(7,801)   $(2,250)   $(1,715)
                                           =======    =======    =======    =======     =======    =======    =======    =======
  Net loss per share, basic and
    diluted.............................   $ (0.16)   $ (0.20)   $ (0.40)   $ (0.29)    $ (0.28)   $ (0.85)   $ (0.25)   $ (0.19)
                                           =======    =======    =======    =======     =======    =======    =======    =======
  Weighted average number of common
    shares, basic and diluted...........    13,685     13,642     12,398     10,793       9,488      9,177      9,059      8,980
                                           =======    =======    =======    =======     =======    =======    =======    =======
</TABLE>

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

    Since inception, we have financed our operations and met our capital
expenditure requirements primarily through the sale of private equity
securities, public security offerings, borrowings on our line of credit and
capital equipment leases.

    As of September 30, 2000, our cash and cash equivalents were $8.8 million,
an increase of $6.3 million from September 30, 1999. Cash used in operating
activities for the year ended September 30, 2000 was $5.5 million as compared to
$5.6 million in 1999. Cash used in operating activities during the year ended
September 30, 2000 was primarily attributable to our net loss and an increase in
accounts receivable and inventory partially offset by non-cash items such as
depreciation and amortization, loss from Beacon Power and compensation expense
related to issuance of stock options and warrants to non-employees.

    Cash used in investing activities during the year ended September 30, 2000
was $2.9 million as compared to $1.4 million in 1999. Net cash used in investing
activities during the year ended September 30, 2000 included capital
expenditures of $2.5 million and an investment in Beacon Power of $333,000. We
estimate that we will spend an additional $9.6 million on capital expenditures
through fiscal year 2001 primarily at our Advanced Fuel Cell Power Products
division to expand our capacity to manufacture our power conversion products. We
expect these additions will be financed principally from lease financing and, to
a lesser extent, cash on hand. If we are unable to obtain lease financing, our
capital expenditures would be expected to be approximately $1.0 million.

    Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2000
was $14.7 million as compared to $8.4 million in 1999. Net cash provided by
financing activities during the year ended

                                       32
<PAGE>
September 30, 2000 includes net proceeds of $7.0 million from the sale of our
common stock and $8.4 million from the exercise of common stock options and
warrants.

    On October 23, 1998, we granted the purchasers of Beacon Power's class D
redeemable preferred stock the right to cause us under certain circumstances to
purchase all of Beacon Power's shares of class D redeemable preferred stock
issued to those purchasers and upon exercise of this put right, we must pay
$4.8 million plus cumulative dividends at 12.5% per year since October 23, 1998
through May 22, 2000, and 6% per year thereafter, in our common stock. We have
recorded as of September 30, 2000, the face value of the put right of
$4.8 million plus cumulative dividends of $1.0 million as a liability. If the
put right is exercised, we would reclassify the value of the contingent
obligation to the class D preferred stockholders of Beacon Power to common stock
and additional paid-in capital.

    In November 2000, Beacon Power completed an initial public offering of its
common stock and issued 8,000,000 shares of common stock at $6.00 per share. In
connection with the initial public offering, the put right was terminated and
the contingent obligation to class D preferred stockholders of Beacon Power will
be reclassified as additional paid in capital. In addition, our preferred stock
in Beacon Power was converted into 9,694,812 shares of Beacon Power's common
stock. In accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 51, our investment
and additional paid in capital will be written up during the first quarter of
fiscal 2001 to reflect our beneficial interest in the book value of the
stockholders' equity of Beacon Power, which we estimate to be approximately
$15.0 million.

    We anticipate that the existing $8.8 million in cash and cash equivalents at
September 30, 2000 will be sufficient to fund operations for at least the next
twelve months. However, there can be no assurance that we will not require
additional financings within this time frame or that any additional financing,
if needed, will be available to us on terms acceptable to us, if at all.

FACTORS AFFECTING FUTURE RESULTS

    Our future results remain difficult to predict and may be affected by a
number of factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
presented elsewhere by management from time to time. These factors include
business conditions within the distributed power, power quality, aerospace,
transportation, industrial, utility, telecommunications, silicon wafer
manufacturing, factory automation, aircraft and automotive industries and the
world economies as a whole, and competitive pressures that may impact research
and development spending. Our revenue growth is dependent on technology
developments and contract research and development for both the government and
commercial sectors and no assurance can be given that these investments will
continue or that we will be able to obtain such funds. In addition, our growth
opportunities are dependent on the introduction of new products that must
penetrate distributed power, power quality, aerospace, transportation,
industrial, utility, telecommunications, silicon wafer manufacturing, factory
automation, aircraft and automotive markets. No assurance can be given that new
products can be developed, or if developed, will be successful; that competitors
will not force prices to an unacceptably low level or take market share from us;
or that we can achieve or maintain profits in these or any new markets. Because
of these and other factors, past financial performance should not be considered
an indicator of future performance. Investors should not use historical trends
to anticipate future results and should be aware that the market price of our
common stock experiences significant volatility.

EFFECTS OF INFLATION

    We believe that inflation and changing prices over the past three years have
not had a significant impact on our net revenue or on our income from continuing
operations.

                                       33
<PAGE>
RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

    In June 1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 137 (SFAS No. 137), "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities-Deferral of the Effective Date of
FASB Statement No. 133," which defers the effective date of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 (SFAS No. 133), "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" to all fiscal quarters of all
fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000. SFAS No. 133 establishes a new model
for accounting for derivatives and hedging activities. It requires an entity to
recognize all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the statement of
financial position and measure these instruments at fair value. We will adopt
SFAS No. 133 beginning in the first quarter of the fiscal year ending
September 30, 2001. Upon adoption of SFAS No. 133, we will be required to record
an unrealized loss on the fair value of the warrants to purchase shares of
Mechanical Technology Incorporated's common stock, of $1.0 million in our
results of operations as a cumulative effect of change in accounting principle,
and we will record future unrealized gains and losses on the fair value of these
warrants in our results of operations.

    In September 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 140 (SFAS 140), "Accounting for Transfers
and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities." SFAS
No. 140 provides accounting and reporting standards for transfers and servicing
of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities. Under SFAS No. 140,
after a transfer of financial assets, an entity recognizes the financial and
servicing assets it controls and the liabilities it has incurred, derecognizes
financial assets when control has been surrendered, and derecognizes liabilities
when extinguished. SFAS No. 140 also provides standards for distinguishing
transfers of financial assets that are sales from transfers that are secured
borrowings. SFAS No. 140 is effective for certain transactions occurring after
March 31, 2001 and certain disclosures for the fiscal year ending September 30,
2001. We are currently evaluating the impact of SFAS No. 140 on our financial
statements and related disclosures, but do not expect that any impact will be
material.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

    We develop products in the United States and sell them worldwide. As a
result, our financial results could be affected by factors such as changes in
foreign exchange rates or weak economic conditions in foreign markets. Since our
sales are currently priced in U.S. dollars and are translated to local currency
amounts, a strengthening of the dollar could make our products less competitive
in foreign markets. Interest income is sensitive to changes in the general level
of U.S. interest rates, particularly since our investments are in short-term
instruments. Based on the nature and current levels of our investments, however,
we have concluded that there is no material market risk exposure.

                                       34
<PAGE>
ITEM 8.  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                PAGE
                                                              --------
<S>                                                           <C>
PART I: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF SATCON TECHNOLOGY
  CORPORATION

Report of Independent Public Accountants....................     36

Report of Independent Accountants...........................     37

Consolidated Financial Statements:
  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2000 and
    1999....................................................     38
  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended
    September 30, 2000, 1999
    and 1998................................................     39
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
    for the Years Ended
    September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998.......................     40
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
    September 30, 2000, 1999
    and 1998................................................     41
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements................     42

Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years
  Ended
  September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998.........................     78
</TABLE>

                                       35
<PAGE>
                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors of
SatCon Technology Corporation:

    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of SatCon
Technology Corporation and its subsidiaries (a Delaware corporation) as of
September 30, 2000 and 1999 and the related consolidated statements of
operations, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the years
then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of SatCon
Technology Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements based on our audits.

    We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

    In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of SatCon Technology
Corporation and its subsidiaries as of September 30, 2000 and 1999 and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then
ended in conformity with auditing standards generally accepted in the United
States.

                                          /s/ ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
November 28, 2000

                                       36
<PAGE>
                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of

SatCon Technology Corporation:

    In our opinion, the consolidated statements of operations, of changes in
stockholders' equity and of cash flows for the year ended September 30, 1998
present fairly, in all material respects, the results of operations and cash
flows of SatCon Technology Corporation and its subsidiaries for the year ended
September 30, 1998, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule for the year ended
September 30, 1998 presents fairly, in all material respects, the information
set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated
financial statements. These financial statements and financial statement
schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement
schedule based on our audit. We conducted our audit of these statements in
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, which require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for the opinion expressed above. We have not audited the consolidated financial
statements of SatCon Technology Corporation for any period subsequent to
September 30, 1998.

    As discussed in Note A, the accompanying consolidated financial statements
for the year ended September 30, 1998 reflect revised accounting for the
recapitalization of Beacon Power Corporation.

                                          /s/ PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
December 17, 1998,
except to the restatement described
in Note A, as to which the date is
September 11, 2000

                                       37
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              --------------------------
                                                                  2000          1999
                                                              ------------   -----------
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>
                           ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.................................  $  8,814,324   $ 2,533,072
  Accounts receivable, net of allowance of $320,222 and
    $386,686 at September 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively...     7,495,942     2,799,143
  Unbilled contract costs and fees, net of allowance of $0
    and $746,121 at September 30, 2000 and 1999,
    respectively............................................       824,829     1,462,201
  Inventory.................................................     8,001,661     3,697,972
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets.................       614,622       349,070
                                                              ------------   -----------
      Total current assets..................................    25,751,378    10,841,458
Investment in Beacon Power Corporation......................            --       414,729
Warrants to purchase Mechanical Technology Incorporated
  common stock..............................................     2,473,713            --
Property and equipment, net.................................     6,257,476     3,260,632
Intangibles, net............................................     9,080,089     3,194,609
Other long-term assets......................................       924,583       103,675
                                                              ------------   -----------
        Total assets........................................  $ 44,487,239   $17,815,103
                                                              ============   ===========
  LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND
                    STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable..........................................  $  3,074,517   $ 1,563,605
  Accrued payroll and payroll-related expenses..............     1,284,884       479,888
  Deferred revenue..........................................     1,525,116       113,179
  Funding commitment to Beacon Power Corporation............            --       333,333
  Other accrued expenses....................................     1,459,218       620,874
  Current portion of long-term debt.........................        17,494        16,226
                                                              ------------   -----------
      Total current liabilities.............................     7,361,229     3,127,105
Long-term debt, net of current portion......................        16,377        33,871
Other long-term liabilities.................................       197,349        29,735
Commitments and contingencies (Note H)
Contingent obligation to Class D preferred stockholders of
  Beacon Power Corporation..................................     5,793,879     5,309,115
Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock.............            --     4,894,112
Stockholders' equity:
  Preferred stock; $0.01 par value, 1,000,000 shares
    authorized no shares issued and outstanding at September
    30, 2000; 8,000 shares series A redeemable convertible
    preferred stock issued and outstanding at September 30,
    1999....................................................                          --
  Common stock, $0.01 par value, 25,000,000 shares
    authorized; 13,841,185 and 9,617,009 shares issued at
    September 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively...............       138,412        96,170
  Additional paid-in capital................................    72,498,540    37,074,161
  Common stock held in escrow, at market value; 0 and 42,860
    shares at September 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively.....            --      (428,600)
  Amounts receivable from exercise of stock options.........            --    (1,816,667)
  Accumulated deficit.......................................   (40,195,340)  (30,254,195)
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss......................    (1,073,503)           --
  Treasury stock, at cost; 44,500 shares at September 30,
    2000 and 1999...........................................      (249,704)     (249,704)
                                                              ------------   -----------
      Total stockholders' equity............................    31,118,405     4,421,165
                                                              ------------   -----------
        Total liabilities, redeemable convertible preferred
        stock and stockholders' equity......................  $ 44,487,239   $17,815,103
                                                              ============   ===========
</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                       38
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                       -----------------------------------------
                                                           2000           1999          1998
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>
Product revenue......................................  $ 22,427,428   $  9,122,498   $ 7,520,188
Funded research and development revenue..............     8,627,601      6,355,383     8,010,735
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
Total revenue........................................    31,055,029     15,477,881    15,530,923
Cost of product revenue..............................    19,069,192      9,510,941     5,474,067
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
Gross margin.........................................    11,985,837      5,966,940    10,056,856
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
Research and development expenses....................    10,300,765      6,554,464     6,793,634
Selling, general and administrative expenses.........     9,969,580      8,818,706     4,523,424
Amortization of intangibles..........................     1,217,490        371,087       290,957
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
Total operating expenses.............................    21,487,835     15,744,257    11,608,015
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
Operating loss.......................................    (9,501,998)    (9,777,317)   (1,551,159)
Other income (loss)..................................         9,891       (150,464)           --
Interest income......................................       453,631         42,287       179,861
Interest expense.....................................        (3,176)      (115,692)      (10,206)
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
Net loss before income taxes and loss from Beacon
  Power Corporation..................................    (9,041,652)   (10,001,186)   (1,381,504)
Provision for income taxes...........................            --             --        (3,872)
Loss from Beacon Power Corporation...................      (899,493)    (4,340,567)   (3,472,438)
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
Net loss.............................................    (9,941,145)   (14,341,753)   (4,857,814)
Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock
  discount...........................................    (3,105,888)       (50,904)           --
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders.........  $(13,047,033)  $(14,392,657)  $(4,857,814)
                                                       ============   ============   ===========
Net loss per share, basic and diluted................  $      (1.03)  $      (1.57)  $      (.54)
                                                       ============   ============   ===========
Weighted average number of common shares, basic and
  diluted............................................    12,629,822      9,176,041     8,956,671
                                                       ============   ============   ===========
</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                       39
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
                        CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

             FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                   AMOUNTS
                                                                                                                 RECEIVABLE
                                                                                           COMMON     COMMON        FROM
                                                                            ADDITIONAL     SHARES      STOCK     EXERCISE OF
                                                      COMMON      COMMON      PAID-IN     HELD IN     HELD IN       STOCK
                                                      SHARES      STOCK       CAPITAL      ESCROW     ESCROW       OPTIONS
                                                    ----------   --------   -----------   --------   ---------   -----------
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>        <C>           <C>        <C>         <C>
Balance, September 30, 1997.......................   8,769,146   $ 87,691   $26,576,600        --           --            --
Net loss..........................................          --         --            --        --           --            --
Exercise of stock options.........................     100,266      1,003       580,736        --           --            --
Exercise of warrants..............................     149,137      1,491     1,220,382        --           --            --
Treasury stock purchased..........................          --         --            --        --           --            --
Change in net unrealized losses on marketable
  securities......................................          --         --            --        --           --            --
                                                    ----------   --------   -----------   -------    ---------   -----------
Balance, September 30, 1998.......................   9,018,549   $ 90,185   $28,377,718        --           --            --
Net loss..........................................          --         --            --        --           --            --
Exercise of stock options.........................     455,600      4,556     3,173,445        --           --    (1,816,667)
Treasury stock purchased..........................          --         --            --        --           --            --
Common stock issued in acquisitions...............     100,000      1,000       567,800        --           --            --
Common stock issued in connection with settlement
  agreement which is held in escrow...............      42,860        429       189,762    42,860     (190,191)           --
Compensation expense related to stock options and
  warrants issued to non-employees................          --         --     2,208,639        --           --            --
Valuation adjustment for common stock held in
  escrow..........................................          --         --       238,409        --     (238,409)           --
Warrants issued in connection with the sale of
  redeemable preferred stock......................          --         --     2,369,292        --           --            --
Change in net unrealized losses on marketable
  securities......................................          --         --            --        --           --            --
Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred
  stock discount..................................          --         --       (50,904)       --           --            --
                                                    ----------   --------   -----------   -------    ---------   -----------
Balance, September 30, 1999.......................   9,617,009   $ 96,170   $37,074,161    42,860    $(428,600)  $(1,816,667)
Net loss..........................................          --         --            --        --           --            --
Common stock issued in connection with Ling
  acquisition.....................................     770,000      7,700     7,748,656        --           --            --
Common stock issued in connection with MTI
  investment......................................   1,030,000     10,300     6,964,926        --           --            --
MTI warrants received in connection with MTI
  investment......................................          --         --     3,495,438        --           --            --
Valuation adjustment for MTI warrants.............          --         --            --        --           --            --
Common stock issued in connection with NGC asset
  acquisition.....................................     578,761      5,788     5,465,770        --           --            --
Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred
  stock into common stock.........................   1,025,641     10,256     7,989,744        --           --            --
Exercise of common stock options..................     701,774      7,018     5,496,853        --           --
Exercise of common stock warrants.................     118,000      1,180     1,111,720        --           --            --
Payments on amounts receivable from exercise of
  stock options...................................          --         --            --        --           --     1,816,667
Valuation adjustment for common stock held in
  escrow..........................................          --         --       257,160        --     (257,160)           --
Common stock released from escrow.................          --         --            --   (42,860)     685,760            --
Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred
  stock discount..................................          --         --    (3,105,888)       --           --            --
Foreign currency translation adjustment...........          --         --            --        --           --            --
                                                    ----------   --------   -----------   -------    ---------   -----------
Balance, September 30, 2000.......................  13,841,185   $138,412   $72,498,540        --    $      --   $        --
                                                    ==========   ========   ===========   =======    =========   ===========

<CAPTION>

                                                                    ACCUMULATED
                                                                       OTHER
                                                    ACCUMULATED    COMPREHENSIVE   TREASURY   TREASURY
                                                      DEFICIT          LOSS         SHARES      STOCK
                                                    ------------   -------------   --------   ---------
<S>                                                 <C>            <C>             <C>        <C>
Balance, September 30, 1997.......................  $(11,054,628)   $   (20,215)        --           --
Net loss..........................................    (4,857,814)            --         --           --
Exercise of stock options.........................            --             --         --           --
Exercise of warrants..............................            --             --         --           --
Treasury stock purchased..........................            --             --     28,300    $(173,076)
Change in net unrealized losses on marketable
  securities......................................            --          9,835         --           --
                                                    ------------    -----------     ------    ---------
Balance, September 30, 1998.......................  $(15,912,442)   $   (10,380)    28,300    $(173,076)
Net loss..........................................   (14,341,753)            --         --           --
Exercise of stock options.........................            --             --         --           --
Treasury stock purchased..........................            --             --     16,200      (76,628)
Common stock issued in acquisitions...............            --             --         --           --
Common stock issued in connection with settlement
  agreement which is held in escrow...............            --             --         --           --
Compensation expense related to stock options and
  warrants issued to non-employees................            --             --         --           --
Valuation adjustment for common stock held in
  escrow..........................................            --             --         --           --
Warrants issued in connection with the sale of
  redeemable preferred stock......................            --             --         --           --
Change in net unrealized losses on marketable
  securities......................................            --         10,380         --           --
Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred
  stock discount..................................            --             --         --           --
                                                    ------------    -----------     ------    ---------
Balance, September 30, 1999.......................  $(30,254,195)            --     44,500     (249,704)
Net loss..........................................    (9,941,145)            --         --           --
Common stock issued in connection with Ling
  acquisition.....................................            --             --         --           --
Common stock issued in connection with MTI
  investment......................................            --             --         --           --
MTI warrants received in connection with MTI
  investment......................................            --             --         --           --
Valuation adjustment for MTI warrants.............            --     (1,021,725)        --           --
Common stock issued in connection with NGC asset
  acquisition.....................................            --             --         --           --
Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred
  stock into common stock.........................            --             --         --           --
Exercise of common stock options..................            --             --         --           --
Exercise of common stock warrants.................            --             --         --           --
Payments on amounts receivable from exercise of
  stock options...................................            --             --                      --
Valuation adjustment for common stock held in
  escrow..........................................            --             --         --           --
Common stock released from escrow.................            --             --         --           --
Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred
  stock discount..................................            --             --         --           --
Foreign currency translation adjustment...........            --        (51,778)        --           --
                                                    ------------    -----------     ------    ---------
Balance, September 30, 2000.......................  $(40,195,340)   $(1,073,503)    44,500    $(249,704)
                                                    ============    ===========     ======    =========

<CAPTION>

                                                               TOTAL
                                                           STOCKHOLDERS'
                                                              EQUITY
                                                    ---------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>
Balance, September 30, 1997.......................  $                15,589,448
Net loss..........................................                   (4,857,814)
Exercise of stock options.........................                      581,739
Exercise of warrants..............................                    1,221,873
Treasury stock purchased..........................                     (173,076)
Change in net unrealized losses on marketable
  securities......................................                        9,835
                                                    ---------------------------
Balance, September 30, 1998.......................  $                12,372,005
Net loss..........................................                  (14,341,753)
Exercise of stock options.........................                    1,361,334
Treasury stock purchased..........................                      (76,628)
Common stock issued in acquisitions...............                      568,800
Common stock issued in connection with settlement
  agreement which is held in escrow...............                           --
Compensation expense related to stock options and
  warrants issued to non-employees................                    2,208,639
Valuation adjustment for common stock held in
  escrow..........................................                           --
Warrants issued in connection with the sale of
  redeemable preferred stock......................                    2,369,292
Change in net unrealized losses on marketable
  securities......................................                       10,380
Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred
  stock discount..................................                      (50,904)
                                                    ---------------------------
Balance, September 30, 1999.......................  $                 4,421,165
Net loss..........................................                   (9,941,145)
Common stock issued in connection with Ling
  acquisition.....................................                    7,756,356
Common stock issued in connection with MTI
  investment......................................                    6,975,226
MTI warrants received in connection with MTI
  investment......................................                    3,495,438
Valuation adjustment for MTI warrants.............                   (1,021,725)
Common stock issued in connection with NGC asset
  acquisition.....................................                    5,471,558
Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred
  stock into common stock.........................                    8,000,000
Exercise of common stock options..................                    5,503,871
Exercise of common stock warrants.................                    1,112,900
Payments on amounts receivable from exercise of
  stock options...................................                    1,816,667
Valuation adjustment for common stock held in
  escrow..........................................                           --
Common stock released from escrow.................                      685,760
Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred
  stock discount..................................                   (3,105,888)
Foreign currency translation adjustment...........                      (51,778)
                                                    ---------------------------
Balance, September 30, 2000.......................  $                31,118,405
                                                    ===========================
</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                       40
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              -----------------------------------------
                                                                  2000           1999          1998
                                                              ------------   ------------   -----------
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>            <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net loss..................................................  $ (9,941,145)  $(14,341,753)  $(4,857,814)
    Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in
      operating activities:
        Depreciation and amortization.......................     2,038,391      1,013,037       625,976
        Allowance for unbilled contract costs and fees......            --        688,510       (19,065)
        Allowance for doubtful accounts.....................       265,744        334,850       (94,424)
        Allowance for inventory.............................       658,774        870,021      (549,765)
        Loss from Beacon Power Corporation..................       899,493      4,340,567     3,472,438
        Loss on sale of marketable securities...............            --         87,535            --
        Write-off impaired assets...........................            --        255,544        50,104
        Compensation expense related to release of stock
          from escrow, issuance of stock options and
          warrants to non-employees.........................       385,760      2,208,639            --
        Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of
        effects of acquisitions:
          Accounts receivable...............................    (3,025,520)        89,858      (301,909)
          Unbilled contract costs and fees..................       637,372       (954,393)      532,573
          Prepaid expenses and other assets.................       144,687         31,455        (8,529)
          Inventory.........................................      (628,472)      (601,120)   (1,550,819)
          Other long-term assets............................         8,072        517,402      (607,245)
          Accounts payable..................................       869,225             72       647,689
          Accrued expenses and payroll......................       641,266        (98,163)     (291,061)
          Other liabilities.................................     1,566,051        (72,763)        6,802
                                                              ------------   ------------   -----------
    Total adjustments.......................................     4,460,843      8,711,051     1,912,765
                                                              ------------   ------------   -----------
Net cash used in operating activities.......................    (5,480,302)    (5,630,702)   (2,945,049)
                                                              ------------   ------------   -----------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Sales and maturities of marketable securities.............            --        580,144     1,340,609
  Patent and intangible expenditures........................       (78,962)      (102,227)     (431,526)
  Purchases of property and equipment.......................    (2,463,777)      (220,416)     (601,331)
  Acquisitions, net of cash acquired........................       (24,054)      (995,876)           --
  Investment in Beacon Power Corporation....................      (333,333)      (696,667)   (2,007,508)
                                                              ------------   ------------   -----------
Net cash used in by investing activities....................    (2,900,126)    (1,435,042)   (1,699,756)
                                                              ------------   ------------   -----------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Repayment of capital lease obligations....................       (16,226)      (100,000)      (40,625)
  Borrowings under line of credit...........................            --      2,657,234            --
  Repayment of borrowings under line of credit..............            --     (2,657,234)           --
  Net proceeds from issuance of redeemable convertible
    preferred stock.........................................            --      7,212,500            --
  Net proceeds from issuance of common stock................     6,975,226             --            --
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options and payment of
    amounts receivable from exercise of stock options.......     7,320,538      1,361,334       581,739
  Proceeds from exercise of warrants........................     1,112,900             --     1,221,873
  Purchase of treasury stock................................            --        (76,628)     (173,076)
  Deferred equity financing costs...........................      (678,980)            --            --
                                                              ------------   ------------   -----------
                                                                        --
Net cash provided by financing activities...................    14,713,458      8,397,206     1,589,911
                                                              ------------   ------------   -----------
Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash
  equivalents...............................................       (51,778)            --            --
                                                              ------------   ------------   -----------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents........     6,281,252      1,331,462    (3,054,894)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year..............     2,533,072      1,201,610     4,256,504
                                                              ------------   ------------   -----------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year....................  $  8,814,324   $  2,533,072   $ 1,201,610
                                                              ============   ============   ===========
</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                       41
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

A.  ORGANIZATION, RESTATEMENTS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
    POLICIES

    ORGANIZATION

    SatCon Technology Corporation (the "Company" or "SatCon") was organized as a
Massachusetts corporation in February 1985 and reincorporated in Delaware in
1992. SatCon develops enabling technologies for the emerging distributed power
generation and power quality markets. SatCon also manufactures power and energy
management products that convert, condition, store and manage electricity for
businesses and consumers that require high-quality, uninterruptible power.
SatCon is utilizing its engineering and manufacturing expertise to develop
products to serve the distributed power generation and power quality markets,
including products for fuel cell and microturbine power generation systems,
hybrid-electric vehicles and flywheel energy storage systems. SatCon believes
the family of products it is developing will be integral components of
distributed power generation and power quality systems.

    In the past three years, SatCon has expanded its business and capabilities
through the following acquisitions:

    - K&D Magmotor Corp.--a manufacturer of custom electric motors, acquired in
      January 1997.

    - Film Microelectronics, Inc. ("FMI")--a manufacturer of hybrid
      microelectronics, acquired in April 1997.

    - Inductive Components, Inc.--a value-added supplier of customized electric
      motors, acquired in January 1999.

    - Lighthouse Software, Inc.--a supplier of control software for machine
      tools, acquired in January 1999.

    - HyComp, Inc.--a manufacturer of electronic multi-chip modules, acquired in
      April 1999.

    - Ling Electronics, Inc.--a manufacturer of test equipment, power
      converters, amplifiers and converters, acquired in October 1999.

    All of these acquisitions were accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting. In addition, in November 1999, the Company acquired intellectual
property, tooling and other assets from Northrop Grumman Corporation enabling
the Company to manufacture and sell electric drivetrains. See Note O.

RESTATEMENTS

    During fiscal 2000, the Company has restated its financial statements on two
separate occasions. A description of each restatement is as follows:

AUGUST 2000 RESTATEMENT

    In August 2000, the Company restated its financial statements for fiscal
1997, 1998 and 1999. The restatement was prompted by the initial audit of the
financial statements of its affiliate, Beacon Power Corporation ("Beacon Power")
and reflects treating certain costs as expenses rather than being included in
the value of the net assets of Beacon Power at December 24, 1997 (see Note E).
The Company previously had accounted for these costs either as fixed assets or
as part of the net assets of Beacon Power. The Company had capitalized
$2.9 million of costs incurred during 1996, 1997 and 1998 in developing design
documentation, tooling and test fixtures for Beacon Power's flywheel energy
storage system. At the time

                                       42
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

A.  ORGANIZATION, RESTATEMENTS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
    POLICIES (CONTINUED)
these costs were capitalized, the Company believed that it had a fully
functional design that could meet customer performance requirements and that the
product could be manufactured and sold at a profit so that the capitalized costs
would be recovered. The Company believed that its flywheel energy storage
product was beyond the research and development stage. As part of the initial
audit of Beacon Power during 2000 for the period from inception (May 1997)
through December 31, 1999, the Company reviewed the audit evidence supporting
the capitalized costs and determined that these costs had not been properly
capitalized. Accordingly, the Company has expensed these costs as incurred. In
addition, as a result of the initial audit of the financial statements of Beacon
Power, additional immaterial adjustments were made to the historical financial
statements of Beacon Power. A summary of the additional adjustments is as
follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                           <C>
Record additional revenue during 1997.......................  $ 45,000
Reclassification of certain SG&A expenses to R&D during
  1997......................................................  $264,000
Write-off certain current assets including inventory and
  accounts receivable.......................................  $ 37,000
Write-off certain intangibles...............................  $ 91,000
Record additional accrued expenses..........................  $ 73,000
</TABLE>

As a result, the Company's investment in Beacon Power was reduced by
$3.1 million as of December 24, 1997. The adjustments to the financial
statements at December 24, 1997, the date on which the Company initially began
accounting for its investment in Beacon Power under the equity method of
accounting, consisted of a reduction of $37,000 from current assets, a reduction
of $3.0 million from property and equipment and intangible assets and an
increase of $73,000 of accrued expenses. The Company has adjusted its
accumulated deficit as of September 30, 1996 for the effect of the 1996
restatement. The cumulative effect of this change on the Company's stockholders'
equity as of September 30, 1996 was a reduction of $924,192. The cumulative
effect of this change on the Company's stockholders' equity as of September 30,
1999 was a reduction of $130,504. The effect of this change on the reported
results for each period is as follows:

                                       43
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

A.  ORGANIZATION, RESTATEMENTS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
    POLICIES (CONTINUED)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                                                                  SEPTEMBER 30, 1999
                                                              ---------------------------
                                                              AS RESTATED    AS REPORTED
                                                              ------------   ------------
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>
Product revenue.............................................  $  9,122,498   $  9,122,498
Funded research and development revenue.....................     6,355,383      6,355,383
                                                              ------------   ------------
Total revenue...............................................    15,477,881     15,477,881
Cost of product revenue.....................................     9,510,941      9,510,941
                                                              ------------   ------------
Gross margin................................................     5,966,940      5,966,940
                                                              ------------   ------------
Research and development expenses...........................     6,554,464      6,554,464
Selling, general and administrative expenses................     8,818,706      8,818,706
Amortization of intangibles.................................       371,087        371,087
                                                              ------------   ------------
Total operating expenses....................................    15,744,257     15,744,257
                                                              ------------   ------------
Operating loss..............................................    (9,777,317)    (9,777,317)
Other losses................................................      (150,464)      (150,464)
Interest income.............................................        42,287         42,287
Interest expense............................................      (115,692)      (115,692)
                                                              ------------   ------------
Net loss before loss from Beacon Power Corporation..........   (10,001,186)   (10,001,186)
Loss from Beacon Power Corporation..........................    (1,030,000)    (2,357,679)
                                                              ------------   ------------
Net loss....................................................   (11,031,186)   (12,358,865)
Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock
  discount..................................................       (50,904)       (50,904)
                                                              ------------   ------------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders................  $(11,082,090)  $(12,409,769)
                                                              ============   ============
Net loss per share, basic and diluted.......................  $      (1.21)  $      (1.35)
                                                              ============   ============
Weighted average number of common shares, basic and
  diluted...................................................     9,176,041      9,176,041
                                                              ============   ============
</TABLE>

                                       44
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

A.  ORGANIZATION, RESTATEMENTS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
    POLICIES (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                                                                 SEPTEMBER 30, 1998
                                                              -------------------------
                                                              AS RESTATED   AS REPORTED
                                                              -----------   -----------
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
Product revenue.............................................  $ 7,520,188   $ 7,520,188
Funded research and development revenue.....................    8,010,735     7,965,735
                                                              -----------   -----------
Total revenue...............................................   15,530,923    15,485,923
Cost of product revenue.....................................    5,474,067     5,474,067
                                                              -----------   -----------
Gross margin................................................   10,056,856    10,011,856
                                                              -----------   -----------
Research and development expenses...........................    6,793,634     5,863,296
Selling, general and administrative expenses................    4,523,424     4,787,070
Amortization of intangibles.................................      290,957       290,957
                                                              -----------   -----------
Total operating expenses....................................   11,608,015    10,941,323
                                                              -----------   -----------
Operating loss..............................................   (1,551,159)     (929,467)
Interest income.............................................      179,861       179,861
Interest expense............................................      (10,206)      (10,206)
                                                              -----------   -----------
Net loss before income taxes and loss from Beacon Power
  Corporation...............................................   (1,381,504)     (759,812)
Loss from Beacon Power Corporation..........................   (1,888,619)   (3,541,817)
Provision for income taxes..................................       (3,872)       (3,872)
                                                              -----------   -----------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders................  $(3,273,995)  $(4,305,501)
                                                              ===========   ===========
Net loss per share, basic and diluted.......................  $      (.37)  $      (.48)
                                                              ===========   ===========
Weighted average number of common shares, basic and
  diluted...................................................    8,956,671     8,956,671
                                                              ===========   ===========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                                                                  SEPTEMBER 30, 1997
                                                              ---------------------------
                                                              AS RESTATED    AS REPORTED
                                                              ------------   ------------
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>
Product revenue.............................................  $  3,728,042   $  3,728,042
Funded research and development revenue.....................     8,738,293      8,738,293
                                                              ------------   ------------
Total revenue...............................................    12,466,335     12,466,335
Cost of product revenue.....................................     2,683,389      2,683,389
                                                              ------------   ------------
Gross margin................................................     9,782,946      9,782,946
                                                              ------------   ------------
Research and development expenses...........................    11,442,465      9,876,968
Selling, general and administrative expenses................     6,197,951      6,197,951
Amortization of intangibles.................................       120,467        120,467
                                                              ------------   ------------
Total operating expenses....................................    17,760,883     16,195,386
                                                              ------------   ------------
Operating loss..............................................    (7,977,937)    (6,412,440)
Interest income.............................................       283,131        283,131
Interest expense............................................       (13,933)       (13,933)
                                                              ------------   ------------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders................  $ (7,708,739)  $ (6,143,242)
                                                              ============   ============
Net loss per share, basic and diluted.......................  $       (.97)  $       (.77)
                                                              ============   ============
Weighted average number of common shares, basic and
  diluted...................................................     7,959,309      7,959,309
                                                              ============   ============
</TABLE>

                                       45
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

A.  ORGANIZATION, RESTATEMENTS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
    POLICIES (CONTINUED)
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             SEPTEMBER 30, 1999            SEPTEMBER 30, 1998
                                         ---------------------------   ---------------------------
                                         AS RESTATED    AS REPORTED    AS RESTATED    AS REPORTED
                                         ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                      <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Investment in Beacon Power
  Corporation..........................            --             --             --   $  1,458,183
Total assets...........................  $ 17,400,374   $ 17,400,374   $ 16,708,407   $ 18,166,590
Accrued losses from investment in
  Beacon Power Corporation.............  $    333,333   $    202,829             --             --
Accumulated deficit....................  $(25,359,809)  $(25,229,305)  $(14,328,623)  $(12,870,440)
Total liabilities, redeemable
  convertible
  preferred stock and stockholders'
  equity...............................  $ 17,400,374   $ 17,400,374   $ 16,708,407   $ 18,166,590
</TABLE>

SEPTEMBER 2000 RESTATEMENT

    In September 2000, the Company restated the financial statements for fiscal
years 1998 and 1999. The Company determined that the recapitalization of Beacon
Power Corporation on December 24, 1997 did not qualify as a divestiture of a
subsidiary for accounting purposes in accordance with Securities and Exchange
Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 30/Topic 5E (SAB Topic 5.E.)
"Accounting for Divestiture of a Subsidiary or Other Business Operation," as the
Company had not transferred the risk and other incidents of ownership of Beacon
Power with sufficient certainty. In accordance with SAB Topic 5.E., the Company
has included 100% of Beacon Power's net loss in its statements of operations
from December 24, 1997 to May 1999 in a manner similar to the equity method of
accounting and has included the assets and liabilities transferred to Beacon
Power as separate components in its September 30, 1998 balance sheet. In June
1999, in connection with a bridge note financing at Beacon Power, the Company
determined that the risks and other incidents of ownership of Beacon Power had
passed with sufficient certainty to other investors and the Company began
accounting for its investment in Beacon Power under the equity method of
accounting. The Company has recorded the face value of and cumulative dividends
on Beacon Power's Class D preferred stock issued on October 23, 1998 as an
additional investment in Beacon Power. As more fully discussed in Note E, the
Class D preferred stockholders have the right to require the Company to purchase
their shares of Class D preferred stock in certain events. The Company has
recorded the face value and the cumulative dividends as a liability.

    The accompanying financial data reflect the following changes:

    - The Company's share of Beacon Power's net loss for fiscal 1998 and 1999
      increased by $1,583,819 and $3,310,567, respectively.

    - As of September 30, 1998, the Company wrote off all of its advances to
      Beacon Power of $596,453 and recorded the assets and liabilities
      transferred to Beacon Power of $576,786 and $1,564,152, respectively.

    - As of September 30, 1999, the Company recorded its net investment balance
      in Beacon Power of $414,729 and its contingent obligation to the Class D
      preferred stockholders of Beacon Power of $5,309,115.

    - The as restated and as reported consolidated statements of operations data
      and consolidated balance sheet data follows (the as reported financial
      information presented here includes the effects of the August 2000
      restatement discussed above):

                                       46
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

A.  ORGANIZATION, RESTATEMENTS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
    POLICIES (CONTINUED)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                                                       SEPTEMBER 30, 1999
                                                   ---------------------------
                                                   AS RESTATED    AS REPORTED
                                                   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                <C>            <C>
Loss from Beacon Power Corporation...............  $ (4,340,567)  $ (1,030,000)
Net loss.........................................   (14,341,753)   (11,031,186)
Net loss attributable to common stockholders.....   (14,392,657)   (11,082,090)
Net loss per share, basic and diluted............         (1.57)         (1.21)
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                                                       SEPTEMBER 30, 1998
                                                   ---------------------------
                                                   AS RESTATED    AS REPORTED
                                                   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                <C>            <C>
Loss from Beacon Power Corporation...............  $ (3,472,438)  $ (1,888,619)
Net loss attributable to common stockholders.....    (4,857,814)    (3,273,995)
Net loss per share, basic and diluted............          (.54)          (.37)
</TABLE>

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             SEPTEMBER 30, 1999            SEPTEMBER 30, 1998
                                         ---------------------------   ---------------------------
                                         AS RESTATED    AS REPORTED    AS RESTATED    AS REPORTED
                                         ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                      <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Amount due from Beacon Power
  Corporation..........................  $         --   $         --   $         --   $    596,453
Investment in Beacon Power
  Corporation..........................       414,729             --             --             --
Assets transferred to Beacon Power
  Corporation..........................            --             --        576,786             --
Total assets...........................    17,815,103     17,400,374     16,688,740     16,708,407
Funding commitment to Beacon Power
  Corporation..........................       333,333        333,333             --             --
Liabilities transferred to Beacon Power
  Corporation..........................            --             --      1,564,152             --
Contingent obligation to Class D
  preferred stockholders of Beacon
  Power Corporation....................     5,309,115             --             --             --
Accumulated deficit....................   (30,254,195)   (25,359,809)   (15,912,442)   (14,328,623)
Total liabilities, redeemable
  convertible preferred stock and
  stockholders' equity.................    17,815,103     17,400,374     16,688,740     16,708,407
</TABLE>

    The Company's financial statements as of September 30, 1999 and 2000 and for
the years ended September 30, 1998, 1999 and 2000 include the effects of the
August 2000 and September 2000 restatements.

    BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION

    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of SatCon and its
majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation.

                                       47
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

A.  ORGANIZATION, RESTATEMENTS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
    POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION

    The functional currency of the Company's foreign subsidiary is the local
currency. Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated at the
rates in effect at the balance sheet date, while stockholders' equity (deficit)
is translated at historical rates. Statements of operations and cash flow
amounts are translated at the average rate for the period. Translation
adjustments are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss.
Foreign currency gains and losses arising from transactions are reflected in the
loss from operations and were not significant during the year ended
September 30, 2000.

    REVENUE RECOGNITION

    The Company recognizes revenue from product sales in accordance with Staff
Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 101, "Revenue Recognition." Product revenue is
recognized when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery of the
product to the customer has occurred, at which time title generally is passed to
the customer, and the Company has determined that collection of a fixed fee is
probable, all of which occur upon shipment of the product. If the product
requires installation to be performed by the Company, all revenue related to the
product is deferred and recognized upon the completion of the installation. The
Company provides for a warranty reserve at the time the product revenue is
recognized.

    The Company performs funded research and development and product development
for commercial companies and government agencies under both cost reimbursement
and fixed-price contracts. Product development revenue is included in product
revenue. Cost reimbursement contracts provide for the reimbursement of allowable
costs and, in some situations, the payment of a fee. These contracts may contain
incentive clauses providing for increases or decreases in the fees depending on
how costs compare with a budget. On fixed-price contracts, revenue is generally
recognized on the percentage of completion method based upon the proportion of
costs incurred to the total estimated costs for the contract. Revenue from
reimbursement contracts is recognized as the services are performed. In each
type of contract, the Company receives periodic progress payments or payments
upon reaching interim milestones. All payments to the Company for work performed
on contracts with agencies of the U.S. government are subject to audit and
adjustment by the Defense Contract Audit Agency. Adjustments are recognized in
the period made. When the current estimates of total contract revenue for
commercial product development contracts indicate a loss, a provision for the
entire loss on the contract is recorded. Any losses incurred in performing
funded research and development projects are recognized as research and
development expense as incurred. As of September 30, 2000, the Company has
accrued $150,000 for anticipated contract losses on commercial contracts. There
were no anticipated contract losses at September 30, 1999.

    Cost of revenue includes cost of product revenue including material, labor
and overhead and costs associated with product development contracts. Costs
incurred in connection with funded research and development arrangements are
included in research and development expenses.

    Deferred revenue consists of payments received from customers in advance of
services performed, product shipped or installation completed.

    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

    Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits and highly liquid
investments with maturities of three months or less when acquired. Cash
equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates market value.

                                       48
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

A.  ORGANIZATION, RESTATEMENTS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
    POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    INVENTORY

    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market and costs are
determined based on the first-in, first-out method of accounting and include
material, labor and manufacturing overhead costs.

    PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

    Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization is
computed using the straight-line method over the asset's estimated useful life.
The estimated useful lives of property and equipment are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       ESTIMATED LIVES
                                                       ---------------
<S>                                         <C>
Computer equipment and software...........  3-5 years
Electronic laboratory and shop              5 years
  equipment...............................
Mechanical laboratory and shop              10 years
  equipment...............................
Sales and demonstration equipment.........  3-10 years
Furniture and fixtures....................  7-10 years
Leasehold improvements....................  Lesser of the life of the lease or the
                                            useful life of the improvement
</TABLE>

    When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related
depreciation and amortization are eliminated from the accounts and any resulting
gain or loss is reflected in other income.

    LONG-LIVED ASSETS

    The Company periodically evaluates the potential impairment of its
long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. At the occurrence of a
certain event or change in circumstances or at each balance sheet date, the
Company evaluates the potential impairment of an asset based on future
undiscounted cash flows. In the event that impairment exists, the Company will
measure the amount of such impairment based on the present value of estimated
future cash flows using a discount rate commensurate with the risks involved.
Factors that management considers in performing this assessment include current
operating results, trends and prospects and, in addition, demand, competition
and other economic factors. At September 30, 2000 and 1999, the Company
determined that there had been no impairment of its long-lived assets, except as
in Notes D and G.

                                       49
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

A.  ORGANIZATION, RESTATEMENTS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
    POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    Intangibles consisted of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             SEPTEMBER 30,
                                           ESTIMATED    ------------------------
                                             LIVES         2000          1999
                                          -----------   -----------   ----------
<S>                                       <C>           <C>           <C>
Patents.................................  15-20 years   $   755,748   $  676,786
Identifiable intangible assets from
  MagMotor acquisition..................  5 years            44,250       44,250
Goodwill from MagMotor acquisition......  7 years            65,198       65,198
Identifiable intangible assets from FMI
  acquisition...........................  5-10 years      1,750,000    1,750,000
Goodwill from FMI acquisition...........  15 years          826,218      826,218
Identifiable intangible assets from
  Inductive/ Lighthouse acquisition.....  5 years           275,000      275,000
Goodwill from Inductive/Lighthouse
  acquisition...........................  10 years          389,079      389,079
Goodwill from Ling acquisition..........  7 years         3,754,910           --
Identifiable intangible assets from NGC
  acquisition...........................  3-10 years      3,281,423           --
                                                        -----------   ----------
                                                         11,141,826    4,026,531
Less: accumulated amortization..........                  2,061,737      831,922
                                                        -----------   ----------
                                                        $ 9,080,089   $3,194,609
                                                        ===========   ==========
</TABLE>

    Amortization expense related to intangibles for the years ended
September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998 was $1,229,815, $389,685 and $303,674,
respectively.

    TREASURY STOCK

    The Company was authorized to repurchase up to 5% of the Company's
outstanding shares of common stock through July 2000. Under the repurchase
program, the Company purchased 44,500 shares of the Company's outstanding common
stock at a cost of $249,704.

    USE OF ESTIMATES

    The preparation of financial statements, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles, requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period
reported. Actual results could differ from these estimates.

    INCOME TAXES

    The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with Statements of
Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes,"
which is the asset and liability method for accounting and reporting for income
taxes. Under SFAS No. 109, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are
recognized based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and
income tax basis of assets and liabilities using statutory rates. In addition,
SFAS No. 109 requires a valuation allowance

                                       50
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

A.  ORGANIZATION, RESTATEMENTS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
    POLICIES (CONTINUED)
against net deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence, it is
more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized.

    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

    SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for stock-based Compensation," requires the
measurement of the fair value of stock options or warrants granted to employees
to be included in the statement of operations or, alternatively, disclosed in
the notes to consolidated financial statements. The Company has determined that
it will account for stock-based compensation of employees under the intrinsic
value method of Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion No. 25, "Accounting
for Stock Issued to Employees" and elect the disclosure-only alternative under
SFAS No. 123. The Company records the fair market value of stock options and
warrants granted to non-employees in exchange for services in accordance with
Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) No. 96-18, "Accounting for Equity Instruments
That Are Issued to Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with
Selling, Goods or Services," in the consolidated statement of operations.

    NET LOSS PER BASIC AND DILUTED COMMON SHARE

    The Company reports net loss per basic and diluted common share in
accordance with SFAS No. 128, "Earnings Per Share," which establishes standards
for computing and presenting earnings per share. Basic earnings per share
excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common
stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the
period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could
occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or
converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that
then shared in the earnings of the Company.

    CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

    Financial instruments that subject the Company to concentrations of credit
risk principally consist of cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable,
unbilled contract costs and amounts receivable from exercise of stock options.

    The Company's trade accounts receivable and unbilled contract costs and fees
are primarily from sales to U.S. government agencies and commercial customers.
The Company does not require collateral and has not historically experienced
significant credit losses related to receivables or unbilled contract costs and
fees from individual customers or groups of customers in any particular industry
or geographic area.

    The Company deposits its cash and invests in short-term investments
primarily through a regional commercial bank and an investment company. Credit
exposure to any one entity is limited by Company policy.

    RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS

    The Company expenses research and development costs as incurred. Research
and development expense includes costs incurred in connection with funded
research and development arrangements.

    COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

    Comprehensive loss includes net loss, unrealized gains and losses on
marketable securities, valuation adjustment for warrants to purchase shares of
Mechanical Technology Incorporated's common stock and foreign currency
translation adjustments.

                                       51
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

A.  ORGANIZATION, RESTATEMENTS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
    POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

    The Company's financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents,
accounts receivable, unbilled contract costs and fees, warrants to purchase
shares of Mechanical Technology Incorporated's common stock, accounts payable,
debt instruments, contigent obligation to Class D preferred stockholders of
Beacon Power Corporation and amounts receivable from exercise of stock options.
The estimated fair values of these financial instruments approximate their
carrying values at September 30, 2000 and 1999. The estimated fair values have
been determined through information obtained from market sources and management
estimates.

    RECLASSIFICATIONS

    Certain prior-year balances have been reclassified to conform to
current-year presentations. For all periods presented, expenses associated with
funded research and development activities have been reclassified as research
and development expenses from cost of revenue.

    EFFECT OF RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

    In June 1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued SFAS
No. 137, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities--Deferral
of the Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 133," which defers the effective
date of SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities," to all fiscal quarters of all fiscal years beginning after
June 15, 2000. SFAS No. 133 establishes a new model for accounting for
derivatives and hedging activities. It requires an entity to recognize all
derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the statement of financial
position and measure these instruments at fair value. The Company will adopt
SFAS No. 133 beginning in the first quarter of the fiscal year ending
September 30, 2001. Upon adoption of SFAS No. 133, the Company will be required
to record an unrealized loss on the fair value of the warrants to purchase
shares of Mechanical Technology Incorporated's common stock in its results of
operations as a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle of
$1.0 million reflecting the impact of adopting this accounting standard. The
Company will be required to record future unrealized gains and losses on the
fair value of the warrants in its results of operations.

    In September 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 140, "Accounting for Transfers
and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities." SFAS
No. 140 provides accounting and reporting standards for transfers and servicing
of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities. Under SFAS No. 140,
after a transfer of financial assets, an entity recognizes the financial and
servicing assets it controls and the liabilities it has incurred, derecognizes
financial assets when control has been surrendered, and derecognizes liabilities
when extinguished. SFAS No. 140 also provides standards for distinguishing
transfers of financial assets that are sales from transfers that are secured
borrowings. SFAS No. 140 is effective for certain transactions occurring after
March 31, 2001 and certain disclosures for the fiscal year ending September 30,
2001. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of SFAS No. 140 on its
financial statements and related disclosures, but does not expect that adoption
of SFAS No. 140 will have a material impact on its financial statements.

B.  UNBILLED CONTRACT COSTS AND FEES

    Unbilled contract costs and fees represent revenue recognized in excess of
amounts billed due to contractual provisions or deferred costs that have not yet
been recognized as revenue or billed to the

                                       52
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

B.  UNBILLED CONTRACT COSTS AND FEES (CONTINUED)
customer. These amounts included retained fee and unliquidated costs totaling
$209,832 and $282,746 at September 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

C.  INVENTORY

    Inventory includes material, labor and overhead and consisted of the
following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                       -----------------------
                                                          2000         1999
                                                       ----------   ----------
<S>                                                    <C>          <C>
Raw material.........................................  $3,081,265   $1,139,064
Work-in-process......................................   2,932,965    2,199,199
Finished goods.......................................   1,987,431      359,709
                                                       ----------   ----------
                                                       $8,001,661   $3,697,972
                                                       ==========   ==========
</TABLE>

D.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

    Property and equipment consisted of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                      ------------------------
                                                         2000          1999
                                                      -----------   ----------
<S>                                                   <C>           <C>
Machinery and equipment.............................  $ 8,059,916   $4,505,287
Furniture and fixtures..............................      305,777      280,769
Computer software...................................      744,308      621,583
Leasehold improvements..............................      751,793      648,734
                                                      -----------   ----------
                                                        9,861,794    6,056,373
Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization.....    3,604,318    2,795,741
                                                      -----------   ----------
                                                      $ 6,257,476   $3,260,632
                                                      ===========   ==========
</TABLE>

    Depreciation and amortization expense relating to property and equipment for
the years ended September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998 was $808,577, $633,964 and
$540,213, respectively.

    As of September 30, 2000 and 1999, there was $19,903 and $29,910 of capital
leases that were included in machinery and equipment and computer software,
respectively.

    During 1999, the Company determined that certain of its machinery and
equipment with a net book value totaling $105,544 was impaired based on a
significant change in the manner in which the asset was used, and such assets
were written-off during 1999. These assets included $86,492 of tooling costs
associated with the introduction of brushless motor products at the Company's
MagMotor Division that were impaired based on design changes in the product and
$19,052 of optics equipment at the Company's Technology Center that were
abandoned. These impairment losses have been included in cost of product revenue
and research and development expenses, respectively.

                                       53
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

E.  INVESTMENT IN BEACON POWER CORPORATION

    On May 28, 1997, SatCon Technology Corporation entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 28, 1997, by and among the Company, Beacon
Power, ("Beacon Power"), a new wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and
Duquesne Enterprises ("Duquesne"). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement,
Duquesne purchased from the Company and the Company issued, sold and delivered
to Duquesne 798,138 shares of the Company's Common Stock. The aggregate
consideration received by the Company was $5,000,000. In exchange for a capital
contribution, the Company received all of the capital stock of Beacon Power,
consisting of 3,375,000 shares of Beacon Power's Common Stock and 1,125,000
shares of Beacon Power's preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, as adjusted
to reflect a 1:1.125 stock split. Duquesne also entered into agreements pursuant
to which it will act as exclusive distributor of Beacon Power's products,
subject to certain exceptions, in seven Mid-Atlantic States and the District of
Columbia.

    During a recapitalization of Beacon Power on December 24, 1997, Beacon Power
obtained equity financing of $30,000 from private investors and the Company
converted approximately 80% of its ownership of Beacon Power to nonvoting
Class A convertible preferred stock ("Class A Stock") and transferred certain
assets and liabilities to Beacon Power. Upon completion of this
recapitalization, the Company owned 20% of the voting stock of Beacon Power and
99.9% of the capital stock of Beacon Power. Each share of Class A Stock that the
Company held was convertible into two shares of common stock at the option of
the Company. The Class A Stock was nonvoting and upon liquidation, the Company
was entitled to receive, out of funds then generally available prior to any
payment with respect to the holders of common stock, $4.45 per share, plus any
declared and unpaid dividends thereon. The Company had the right to receive the
same dividends as declared by the Board of Directors of Beacon Power on common
shares on an "as-if-converted" basis. The Class A Stock would automatically be
converted into shares of common stock upon the closing of a public offering of
common stock of Beacon Power, upon a vote of the Board of Directors of Beacon
Power or upon the automatic conversion of the Class D preferred stock of Beacon
Power. Class A Stock was subordinate to Class D, E and F preferred stock of
Beacon Power and had parity with Class B and C preferred stock. The Class A
Stock did not have redemption features.

    The Company has determined that the recapitalization of Beacon Power on
December 24, 1997 did not qualify as a divestiture of a subsidiary for
accounting purposes as described in SAB Topic 5.E. "Accounting for Divestiture
of a Subsidiary or Other Business Operation," as the Company had not transferred
risks and other incidents of ownership of Beacon Power with sufficient certainty
as the Company was the only stockholder of Beacon Power at risk of loss of its
investment. In accordance with SAB Topic 5.E., the Company has included 100% of
Beacon Power's net loss in its statements of operations as of December 24, 1997,
in a manner similar to the equity method of accounting and has included the
assets and liabilities transferred to Beacon Power as separate components in its
September 30,

                                       54
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

E.  INVESTMENT IN BEACON POWER CORPORATION (CONTINUED)
1998 balance sheet. The book value of assets and liabilities transferred to
Beacon Power on December 24, 1997 was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                                           <C>
Accounts receivable.........................................  $    14,487
Prepaid expenses and other assets...........................       67,147
Subscriptions receivable....................................    2,007,508
Accounts payable............................................      (50,000)
Accrued payroll and payroll related expenses................      (32,298)
Accrued expenses............................................     (118,225)
                                                              -----------
Investment in Beacon Power Corporation......................  $ 1,888,619
                                                              ===========
</TABLE>

    At September 30, 1998, prior to the 1:1.25 stock split, the Company owned
19.9% of the voting stock of Beacon Power, 99.9% of the outstanding capital
stock of Beacon Power and had amounts of $596,453 due from Beacon Power. These
amounts arose from transactions after December 24, 1997, whereby the Company
advanced money and made payments for certain expenses incurred by Beacon Power.
These advances have been written off as of September 30, 1998. These advances
were subsequently repaid in connection with the October 23, 1998 financing.

    On October 23, 1998, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement, by and among Beacon Power, Perseus Capital, L.L.C. ("Perseus"), DQE
Enterprises, Inc., Micro Generation Technology Fund, L.L.C ("Micro", and
together with Perseus and DQE Enterprises, the "Purchasers") and the Company.
Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement: (i) the Purchasers purchased from Beacon
Power and Beacon Power issued, sold and delivered to the Purchasers 1,900,000
shares (the "Shares") of Beacon Power's Class D Redeemable Preferred Stock,
$0.01 par value per share; (ii) the Class D Redeemable Preferred Stock earns
cumulative dividends at an annual rate of 12.5% through May 23, 2000 and 6% on
and after this date; (iii) the Purchasers have the right to receive certain
warrants to purchase shares of Beacon Power's common stock, $0.01 par value per
share ("Beacon Power's Common Stock"); (iv) the Company granted the Purchasers
the right (the "Put Right") to cause the Company, in circumstances described
below, to purchase all of the Shares and all of Beacon Power's Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the Shares; and (v) upon exercise of the Put Right
pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company must pay the consideration
contemplated by the Agreement in shares of the Company's common stock, $0.01 par
value per share. The aggregate consideration received by Beacon Power was
$4,750,000. The Put Right is exercisable within 60 days of the second, third,
fourth and fifth anniversary of the closing date of the transaction, upon
certain events of bankruptcy of Beacon Power and upon the occurrence of certain
going private transactions involving the Company. The Put Right will terminate,
if not previously exercised, on the earlier of (i) October 23, 2003, (ii) upon
the listing of Beacon Power's Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange or the
Nasdaq National Market, or (iii) with respect to put rights resulting from an
event described above, 100 days after the Purchasers receive written notice from
the Company requesting that the Purchasers either exercise or waive their put
rights resulting from that event. The Company has recorded the face value of and
cumulative dividends on Beacon Power's Class D Preferred Stock as a liability.
As of September 30, 1999, the contingent obligation to the Class D preferred
stockholders is $5,309,115, consisting of $4,750,000 face value and $559,115 of
cumulative dividends.

                                       55
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

E.  INVESTMENT IN BEACON POWER CORPORATION (CONTINUED)
    Upon completion of the issuance of the Class D preferred stock of Beacon
Power and at September 30, 1999, the Company owned .1% of Beacon Power's voting
stock and 67% of Beacon Power's outstanding capital stock.

    In June 1999, the Company committed to provide up to $1,000,000 of
additional financing to Beacon Power representing a minority share, 33%, of a
funding commitment received by Beacon Power and, therefore, increased its
investment in Beacon Power and accrued the funding commitment of $1,000,000. As
a result of this financing, the Company determined that risks and other
incidents of ownership of Beacon Power had passed with sufficient certainty to
other investors and, therefore, began accounting for its investment in Beacon
Power under the equity method.

    On June 22, 1999, the Company entered into a note with Beacon Power (the
"June 22, 1999 Note") with a principal amount of $125,000 due and payable on the
earlier of (i) September 22, 1999 ("Maturity Date") or (ii) upon the occurrence
of an event of default, as defined therein. The note bore interest at 12% per
annum. The June 22, 1999 Note was issued pursuant to the terms of a Note
Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 22, 1999, by and among Beacon Power, the
Purchasers named therein, and the Company (the "Note Purchase Agreement").
Interest on the June 22, 1999 Note was payable on the Maturity Date.

    On July 6, 1999, the Company entered into an additional note with Beacon
Power (the "July 6, 1999 Note") with a principal amount of $125,000 due and
payable on the earlier of (i) Maturity Date or (ii) upon the occurrence of an
event of default. The note bore interest at 12% per annum (the "July 6, 1999
Note" and, together with the June 22, 1999 Note, the "Notes"). The July 6, 1999
Note was also issued pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement.
Interest on the July 6, 1999 Note was payable on the Maturity Date.

    In August 1999, the Company exchanged in full the Notes and $83,333.33 for a
note with a principal amount of $333,333.33 ("Bridge Note") plus accrued
interest due and payable on the earlier of (i) the date of conversion of the
note as described below or (ii) upon the occurrence of an event of default. The
Bridge Note bore interest at 12% per annum. The Bridge Note was issued pursuant
to the terms of a Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 2,
1999, by and among Beacon Power, the Purchasers named therein, and the Company
(the "Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement"). Interest on the Bridge Note was
payable on the Maturity Date.

    Pursuant to the terms of the Note and Warrant Purchase, the Company entered
into two additional notes, each with a principal amount of $333,333.33 on
September 16, 1999 and October 19, 1999. The Bridge Note and the additional
notes each with a principal amount of $333,333.33 are collectively referred to
as the "Bridge Securities." At September 30, 1999, the Company has $333,333
payable under this $1,000,000 commitment to Beacon Power.

    On January 7, 2000, the Company entered into a $200,000 convertible
promissory note with Beacon Power. This convertible promissory note is due and
payable on the earlier of (i) the maturity date, as defined, or (ii) upon the
occurrence of an event of default by Beacon Power. The note bears interest at
12 1/2% per annum. Interest on the January 7, 2000 Note is due and payable on
the maturity date. The Company did not accrue losses of $200,000 relating to its
share of Beacon Power's losses incurred through December 31, 1999, as those
amounts, including interest, were repaid on February 14, 2000.

    On February 25, 2000, the Company entered into a $300,000 convertible
promissory note with Beacon Power. This convertible promissory note is due and
payable on the earlier of (i) the maturity date, as defined, or (ii) upon the
occurrence of an event of default by Beacon Power. The note bears interest at

                                       56
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

E.  INVESTMENT IN BEACON POWER CORPORATION (CONTINUED)
12 1/2% per annum. Interest on the February 25, 2000 Note is due and payable on
the maturity date. The Company did not accrue losses up to $300,000 relating to
its share of Beacon Power's losses incurred through March 31, 2000, as those
amounts, including interest, were repaid on April 27, 2000.

    On April 7, 2000, Beacon Power issued 1,226,141 shares of its class E
redeemable preferred stock and warrants to purchase 306,535 shares of its
class E preferred stock in exchange for the conversion of all of its outstanding
bridge notes of which the Company received 347,407 shares of Beacon Power's
class E redeemable preferred stock and a warrant to purchase 86,852 shares of
Beacon Power's class E redeemable preferred stock. As of April 7, 2000, the
Company owned 11.0% of Beacon Power's voting stock and 61.0% of Beacon Power's
outstanding capital stock. On April 21, 2000, Beacon Power raised an additional
$4.1 million through the sale of additional bridge notes and warrants to
purchase 41,000 shares of Beacon Power's common stock. The Company did not
participate in this financing. On May 23, 2000, Beacon Power issued 6,785,711
shares of its class F preferred stock and additional warrants to purchase shares
of Beacon Power's common stock. The shares of class F preferred stock and the
additional warrants were issued in consideration for the cancellation of
$5.2 million in bridge notes and an additional $23.3 million cash investment by
existing and new investors. The Company did not participate in this financing
either. As of May 23, 2000, the Company owned 3.5% of Beacon Power's voting
stock and 33.0% of Beacon Power's outstanding capital stock.

    As of September 30, 2000, the Company owned approximately 3% of the
outstanding voting stock of Beacon Power and 32% of the capital stock of Beacon
Power. On November 22, 2000, Beacon Power completed an initial public offering
(IPO) of its common stock and issued 8,000,000 shares of common stock at $6.00
per share. Upon completion of the initial public offering, the Company owned
approximately 25% of Beacon Power's voting and capital stock.

    The results of the Company's operations included $3,111,381 loss of Beacon
Power from May 8, 1997 to December 24, 1997 under the consolidation method of
accounting. On December 24, 1997, the Company began accounting for its
investment in Beacon Power in accordance with SAB Topic 5.E. and has included
100% of Beacon Power's $7,079,297 loss for the period from December 25, 1997
through May 1999 in a manner similar to the equity method of accounting, at
which time, the Company's initial investment of $1,888,619, the $30,000
additional investment and the additional deemed investment of $4,750,000 and
accrued dividends of $410,678 had been written down to zero. In June 1999, the
Company committed up to $1,000,000 of additional financing to Beacon Power,
representing a minority share, 33%, of a funding commitment received by Beacon
Power, and the Company began accounting for its investment in Beacon Power under
the equity method. As of June 30, 1999, the Company owned approximately 0.1% of
the voting stock of Beacon Power; however, as the Company was providing 33% of
the current funding to Beacon Power, the Company has included 33% of Beacon
Power's losses in its results of operation until the $1,000,000 investment was
reduced to zero in December 1999. The Company continued to record losses from
Beacon Power after December 31, 1999 to the extent of the additional dividends
that accrued on the contingent obligation to class D preferred stockholders of
Beacon Power. From June 1999 through September 30, 2000, the Company has
included in its results from operations its share of Beacon Power's losses of
$1,633,201. At September 30, 2000, the Company's investment in Beacon Power had
been reduced to zero and the contingent obligation to Beacon Power's Class D
preferred stockholders was $5,722,629. The Company continues to record
additional losses from Beacon Power to the extent of additional interest accrued
on the contingent obligation to the Class D preferred stockholders of Beacon
Power.

                                       57
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

E.  INVESTMENT IN BEACON POWER CORPORATION (CONTINUED)
    In connection with Beacon Power's initial public offering, the Put Right was
terminated and the contingent obligation to class D preferred stockholders of
Beacon Power will be reclassified as additional paid in capital. In addition,
the Company's preferred stock holdings in Beacon Power were converted into
9,694,812 shares of Beacon Power common stock. In accordance with SEC SAB
No. 51, the Company's investment and additional paid in capital will be written
up during the first quarter of fiscal 2001 to reflect its beneficial interest in
the book value of the stockholders' equity of Beacon Power, which the Company
estimates to be approximately $15.0 million. After the write-up of the Company's
investment in Beacon Power, the Company will continue to account for its
investment in Beacon Power under the equity method of accounting and will record
its share of future losses from Beacon Power on a one-quarter trailing basis
until its investment in Beacon Power has been reduced to zero.

    If in the future, the Company's ownership interest in Beacon Power's
outstanding capital stock is reduced to below 20% and the Company determines
that it does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the
operating and financial policies over Beacon Power, the Company's investment in
Beacon Power will be accounted for using the fair value method as set forth in
SFAS No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
Securities," based upon the carrying value of the Company's investment in Beacon
Power at the time the Company's interest is reduced to below 20%. At that time,
the Company will no longer be required to record its share of any losses from
Beacon Power. The value of the investment will be carried at fair market value
with any unrealized holding gains or losses to be included in stockholders'
equity as a component of other comprehensive income.

    Beacon Power accounted for $470,996, $72,644 and $424,418 of the Company's
total revenue for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively. At September 30, 2000 and 1999, the Company had $346,066 and
$5,390, respectively, of accounts receivable and unbilled contract costs and
fees from Beacon Power.

F.  LINE OF CREDIT

    In December 1998, as modified, the Company obtained a $3,000,000 demand
discretionary line of credit with a bank. The line of credit bears interest at
the bank's prime rate plus 1 1/2%. Available borrowings were based on a formula
of eligible accounts receivable and inventory. There were no amounts outstanding
under the line of credit at September 30, 1999. During 1999, the maximum amount
outstanding on the line of credit was $2,657,234. The Company has pledged all
assets of the Company as collateral against this line of credit. On August 29,
2000, the Company terminated the line of credit.

G.  LONG-TERM DEBT

    Long-term debt consists of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                         --------------------
                                                           2000        1999
                                                         ---------   --------
<S>                                                      <C>         <C>
Capital lease obligations..............................  $  33,871   $ 50,097
Less: Current portion..................................    (17,494)   (16,226)
                                                         ---------   --------
                                                         $  16,377   $ 33,871
                                                         =========   ========
</TABLE>

                                       58
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

G.  LONG-TERM DEBT (CONTINUED)
    At September 30, 2000, maturities of these obligations are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
FISCAL YEAR
- -----------
<S>                                                           <C>
2001........................................................  $ 17,494
2002........................................................    10,778
2003........................................................     5,599
                                                              --------
                                                                33,871
Less: Current Portion.......................................   (17,494)
                                                              --------
                                                              $ 16,377
                                                              ========
</TABLE>

    On March 1, 1999, the Company reached a definitive settlement arrangement
with Albert R. Snider (the "Settlement Agreement"), the holder of a note payable
that commenced on April 16, 1997, regarding a suit filed against Mr. Snider for
breach of certain representations made by him, including statements of inventory
balances in the Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of April 3, 1997 between FMI
and Mr. Snider relating to the purchase of the business of FMI and a
counterclaim filed by Mr. Snider seeking, among other things, payments allegedly
due from the Company under a promissory note.

    Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the Company made a
$100,000 cash payment to Mr. Snider on March 9, 1999 and the parties executed
mutual general releases dismissing any and all claims between them. In addition,
the Settlement Agreement provides a right of first refusal in favor of the
Company with respect to certain shares of the Company's Common Stock,
beneficially owned by Mr. Snider. Concurrently with the execution of the
Settlement Agreement, the Company and Mr. Snider entered into a consulting
agreement pursuant to which Mr. Snider will perform certain consulting, advisory
and related services as the Company may reasonably request from time to time
between October 1, 1999 and October 1, 2002. In exchange for these services, the
Company issued 42,860 shares of its Common Stock to Mr. Snider, which were held
by an escrow agent. The Company has recorded these shares held in escrow at
market value and as a reduction to stockholders' equity as of September 30,
1999.

    On April 26, 2000, the escrow agent, as authorized by the Company released
the 42,860 shares of common stock that were held in escrow to Mr. Snider. The
Company recorded these securities at fair value until they were released from
escrow at a market price of $16.00 per share or $685,760. The Company determined
that the value of these securities exceeded the net realizable value of the
underlying services to be received by $235,760. The Company has charged this
excess amount to selling, general and administrative expenses during the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2000. The Company is amortizing the realizable asset of
$450,000 over the three-year period of service through September 30, 2002. At
September 30, 2000, the unamortized value of this asset is $300,000.

H.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

    OPERATING LEASES

    The Company leases its facilities under various operating leases that expire
through October 2005. The Company has also entered into a master leasing
agreement to lease various items of equipment not to exceed $600,000. The
availability under this facility has expired as of September 30, 1999.

                                       59
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

H.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)
    Future minimum annual rentals under lease agreements at September 30, 2000
are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
FISCAL YEAR
- -----------
<S>                                                           <C>
2001........................................................  $2,015,395
2002........................................................   1,916,712
2003........................................................   1,545,762
2004........................................................     280,850
2005........................................................     201,996
Thereafter..................................................      16,833
                                                              ----------
Total (not reduced by minimum sublease rentals of
  $889,872).................................................  $5,977,548
                                                              ==========
</TABLE>

    Total rental expense including operating expenses and real estate taxes for
operating leases amounted to $2,157,506, $1,683,749 and $1,235,867 for the years
ended September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

    Certain of the facility leases contain escalation clauses, effective
October 1, 1998, rental expense has been recognized on a straight-line basis
over the remaining lease term. At September 30, 2000 and 1999, deferred rent
expense amounted to $207,739 and $110,390, respectively.

LITIGATION

    On October 15, 1997, the Company received a letter from the Department of
the Air Force ("the Air Force") stating that it may terminate for default an
approximately $1.6 million contract between the Air Force and the Company for
development of a satellite component, unless perceived performance problems were
cured. As of that date, the Company had received payments of approximately $1.4
million in connection with this contract. In the event of an actual default, the
Company could be liable for extra costs incurred by the U.S. government in
developing the component and could be required to return a portion of the monies
the Company received on this contract. On December 15, 1997, the Air Force
issued a "Show Cause Notice" to the Company requiring the Company to demonstrate
to the Air Force why the contract should not be terminated "for cause." On
December 31, 1997, the Company responded to the Air Force's "Show Cause Notice,"
explaining the Company's view that the Company should not be terminated for
cause. On May 11, 2000, the Company contacted the Air Force again to offer to
settle these differences and to explore obtaining additional settlement amounts.
On August 3, 2000, the Company sent a memorandum to the Air Force explaining the
basis of a settlement request of $353,248. Also on August 3, 2000, the Company
received from the Air Force a proposed settlement offer in which the contract
would be concluded through a contract modification with no additional payment,
but without termination for cause. As of September 30, 1999, the Company had
provided a full reserve of $521,000 against the unbilled contract costs and fees
to the Department of the Air Force. As of September 30, 2000, all of the
$521,000 unbilled contract costs and fees had been written off. The contract is
still subject to normal audit and accounting of final cost.

    On November 6, 1999, APACE, Inc. ("APACE") commenced an action against the
Company to the Supreme Court of the State of New York claiming the Company had
been awarded a prime contract by the U.S. Department of Energy ("DOE") and that
the Company had failed or refused to negotiate a subcontract with APACE,
allegedly in breach of a contract between the Company and APACE. APACE is
seeking in excess of $1,000,000 in damages. The Company denied the allegations,
moved to stay the action

                                       60
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

H.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)
and filed for arbitration with the American Arbitration Association in Boston,
Massachusettes. The American Arbitration Association decided that the
arbitration would go forward in Boston. In the meantime, APACE requested that
the court permit the action to go forward and for the arbitration to compelling
arbitration and staying APACE's action pending arbitration to be conducted by
the American Arbitration Association in Boston.

    On June 26, 2000, APACE served the Company with an amended answering
statement and counterciaim, including additional allegations that the Company
has engaged in unfair and deceptive trade practices and that the Company's
actins were willful and knowing. Based on these allegations, APACE is seeking
multiple damages, as well as attorneys' fees and expenses. On July 19, 2000, the
Company filed an answer to APACE's amended answering statement and counterclaim,
denying the allegations and asserting various defenses.

    An arbitrator has been selected and the arbitration is scheduled to go
forward in Boston for nine days in February, March and April 2001. The parties
have exchanged some discovery, and expect to make a further exchange early in
2001.

    The final outcome of this matter is not presently determinable and,
therefore, no provision for any liability that may result has been recorded in
the Company's financial statements.

    From time to time, the Company is a party to routine litigation and
proceedings in the ordinary course of business. The Company is not aware of any
current or pending litigation to which the Company is or may be a party that the
Company believes could materially adversely affect the Company's results of
operations or financial condition.

I.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN

    The Company offers a 401(k) Employee Benefit Plan (the "Plan"). Under the
Plan, any regular employee, as defined by the Plan, who has completed six months
of service and has attained the age of 21 years is eligible to participate.
Under the terms of the Plan, an employee may defer up to 15% of his or her
compensation through contributions to the Plan. During 1999, the Company
extended the Plan to its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company made matching
contributions to the Plan of $366,264, $218,729 and $86,883 during 2000, 1999
and 1998, respectively.

                                       61
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

J.  INCOME TAXES

    The provision for income taxes consists of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                         ---------------------------------------
                                                            2000          1999          1998
                                                         -----------   -----------   -----------
<S>                                                      <C>           <C>           <C>
Current payable:
  Federal..............................................      (14,699)           --            --
  State................................................           --            --   $     3,872
  Foreign..............................................       14,699            --            --
                                                         -----------   -----------   -----------
                                                                  --            --   $     3,872
                                                         -----------   -----------   -----------

Deferred tax expense/(benefit):
  Federal..............................................  $(2,962,183)  $(3,888,031)  $(1,349,519)
  State................................................     (890,122)   (1,167,905)     (404,950)
  Change in valuation allowance........................    3,852,305     5,055,936     1,754,469
                                                         -----------   -----------   -----------
                                                                  --            --            --
                                                         -----------   -----------   -----------
                                                                  --            --   $     3,872
                                                         ===========   ===========   ===========
</TABLE>

    Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. As of September 30, 2000
and 1999, the components of the net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) are as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               2000           1999
                                                           ------------   ------------
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>
Federal net operating loss...............................  $ 13,385,851   $  5,566,879
State net operating loss, net of federal benefit.........     1,912,496        495,980
Credits..................................................       421,035        499,585
Depreciation.............................................      (227,657)       336,038
Loss from Beacon Power Corporation.......................     4,932,397      3,128,804
Other....................................................       834,326      1,562,820
Valuation allowance......................................   (21,258,448)   (11,590,106)
                                                           ------------   ------------
Net deferred income taxes................................            --             --
                                                           ============   ============
</TABLE>

    The Company has placed a full valuation allowance against its net deferred
tax assets since the Company believes it is more likely than not that it will
not be able to utilize its deferred tax asset.

                                       62
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

J.  INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)

    The provision for income taxes differs from the federal statutory rate due
to the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                                                     SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                          ------------------------------------
                                                            2000          1999          1998
                                                          --------      --------      --------
<S>                                                       <C>           <C>           <C>
Tax at statutory rate...............................       (34.0)%       (34.0)%       (34.0)%
State taxes--net of federal benefit.................        (6.2)         (6.2)         (6.2)
Other...............................................         1.6          (0.7)         (0.5)
Change in valuation allowance.......................        38.6          40.9          40.8
                                                           -----         -----         -----
Effective tax rate..................................          -- %          -- %         0.1 %
                                                           =====         =====         =====
</TABLE>

    At September 30, 2000, the Company had net operating loss carry-forwards of
approximately $39,370,000 and $30,590,000 for federal and state income tax
purposes, respectively. The federal net operating losses expire beginning
September 30, 2008 through 2020. The state net operating losses will expire
beginning September 30, 2000 through 2005. The use of these losses may be
limited due to ownership change limitations under Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code.

K.  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

INVESTMENT FROM MECHANICAL TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED

    On October 21, 1999, the Company received a $7,070,000 investment from
Mechanical Technology Incorporated ("MTI"). In consideration for MTI's
investment, MTI received 1,030,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock at a
discounted price of approximately $6.80 per share, and warrants to purchase an
additional 100,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock at an exercise price of
$8.80 per share and an expiration date four years from the date of issuance. MTI
funded $2,570,000 of its investment in the Company on October 21, 1999 and
received 370,800 of the 1,030,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock and a
warrant to purchase 36,000 of the 100,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock.
MTI made the remaining investment on January 31, 2000 of $4,500,000 and received
the remaining 659,200 shares of the Company's Common Stock and a warrant to
purchase the remaining 64,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock. The Company
incurred approximately $95,000 of legal, accounting, consultation and filing
fees in connection with this transaction. The Company has valued the warrants
issued to MTI on October 21, 1999 and January 31, 2000, at $231,912 and
$1,273,509, respectively using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.

    In addition, the Company received a warrant to purchase 108,000 shares of
MTI's common stock on October 21, 1999 and a warrant to purchase 192,000 shares
of MTI's common stock on January 31, 2000 at exercise prices of $12.56 per
share, as adjusted to reflect a 3:1 stock split in April 2000, and expiration
dates four years from the date of issuance. The Company has valued the warrant
received on October 21, 1999 and January 31, 2000 at $568,553 and $2,926,885,
respectively, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and has recorded the
warrants as an asset and additional paid in capital. In accordance with EITF
No. 96-11, "Accounting for Forward Contracts and Purchased Options to Acquire
Securities Covered by FASB Statement No. 115," options that are entered into to
purchase securities that will be accounted for under SFAS 115 should, at
inception, be designated as held-to-maturity, available-for-sale, or trading and
accounted for in a manner consistent with the accounting prescribed by
SFAS No. 115 for that category of securities. The Company has designated that
the securities to be purchased under the warrant agreement

                                       63
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

K.  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (CONTINUED)
will be available-for-sale securities and, therefore, the Company has marked to
market the fair value of the warrants at each reporting period dated and has
recorded any unrealized gains and losses as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive loss included in stockholders' equity. At September 30, 2000, the
warrants have an unrealized loss of $1,021,725, which is included in accumulated
other comprehensive loss included in stockholders' equity.

    STOCK OPTIONS

    Under the Company's 1992, 1994, 1996, 1998 and 1999 Stock Option Plans
(collectively, the "Plans"), both qualified and non-qualified stock options may
be granted to certain officers, employees, directors and consultants to purchase
up to 3,050,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock. At September 30, 2000,
2,773,550 of the 3,050,000 stock options available for grant under the Plans
have been granted.

    The Plans are subject to the following provisions:

    The aggregate fair market value (determined as of the date the option is
granted) of the common stock that any employee may purchase in any calendar year
pursuant to the exercise of qualified options may not exceed $100,000. No person
who owns, directly or indirectly, at the time of the granting of a qualified
option to him or her, more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all
classes of stock of the Company shall be eligible to receive any qualified
options under the Plans unless the option price is at least 110% of the fair
market value of the common stock subject to the option, determined on the date
of grant. Non-qualified options are not subject to this limitation.

    Qualified options are issued only to employees of the Company, while
non-qualified options may be issued to non-employee directors, consultants and
others, as well as to employees of the Company. Options granted under the Plans
may not be granted with an exercise price less than 100% of fair value of the
Company's common stock, as determined by the Board of Directors on the grant
date.

    Options under the Plans must be granted within 10 years from the effective
date of the Plan. Qualified options granted under the Plans cannot be exercised
more than 10 years from the date of grant, except that qualified options issued
to 10% or greater stockholders are limited to five-year terms. All options
granted under the Plans provide for the payment of the Company's exercise price
in cash, or by delivery to the Company of shares of common stock already owned
by the optionee having fair market value equal to the exercise price of the
options being exercised, or by a combination of such methods of payment.
Generally, the options vest and become exercisable ratably over a four-year
period.

    The Plans contain antidilutive provisions authorizing appropriate
adjustments in certain circumstances. Shares of common stock subject to options
that expire without being exercised or that are canceled as a result of the
cessation of employment are available for further grants.

                                       64
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

K.  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (CONTINUED)
    A summary of the status of the Company's stock options as of September 30,
2000, 1999 and 1998 and changes for the years then ended are presented below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   2000                   1999                    1998
                                           --------------------   ---------------------   --------------------
                                                       WEIGHTED                WEIGHTED               WEIGHTED
                                           NUMBER OF   AVERAGE    NUMBER OF    AVERAGE    NUMBER OF   AVERAGE
                                            SHARES      PRICE       SHARES      PRICE      SHARES      PRICE
                                           ---------   --------   ----------   --------   ---------   --------
<S>                                        <C>         <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>
Outstanding at beginning of year.........  1,851,227    $ 8.06       820,910    $9.58      700,427     $8.44
  Granted................................    820,050     16.62     1,604,000     7.03      319,000     11.20
  Exercised..............................   (701,774)     7.84      (455,600)    6.98     (100,266)     5.80
  Canceled...............................    (92,398)     7.83      (118,083)    8.84      (98,251)    10.55
                                           ---------    ------    ----------    -----     --------     -----
Outstanding at end of year...............  1,877,105    $11.89     1,851,227    $8.06      820,910     $9.58
                                           =========    ======    ==========    =====     ========     =====
Options exercisable at year-end..........    463,764    $ 9.26       840,560    $8.57      413,403     $8.48
                                           =========    ======    ==========    =====     ========     =====
</TABLE>

    The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
as of September 30, 2000.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               OPTIONS OUTSTANDING            OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                        ----------------------------------   ----------------------
                                      WEIGHTED    WEIGHTED                 WEIGHTED
                                       AVERAGE    AVERAGE                  AVERAGE
      RANGE OF            NUMBER      REMAINING   EXERCISE     NUMBER      EXERCISE
   EXERCISE PRICES      OUTSTANDING     LIFE       PRICE     EXERCISABLE    PRICE
- ---------------------   -----------   ---------   --------   -----------   --------
<S>                     <C>           <C>         <C>        <C>           <C>
$       5.00--$ 7.81       311,456        7.9     $  5.67       70,509      $ 5.53
$       8.05--$10.50       708,548        8.0        8.43      253,673        9.02
$      11.00--$13.38       240,751        7.3       11.67      139,582       11.57
$      16.13--$20.63       546,350        9.4       17.55           --          --
$      31.25--$37.25        70,000        9.8       31.30           --          --
                         ---------      -----     -------      -------      ------
                         1,877,105        8.4     $ 11.89      463,764      $ 9.26
                         =========      =====     =======      =======      ======
</TABLE>

    At September 30, 2000, an additional 276,450 shares were available under the
Plans for future grants.

    During 1999, the Company granted fully vested and immediately exercisable
options to purchase 755,000 shares of the Company's common stock to consultants
at exercise prices ranging from $5.75 to $10.00 per share, of which 300,000
stock options were granted outside of the Plans. The Company has recorded the
fair value of the options, as determined by the Black-Scholes option pricing
model, of $2,152,277, to selling, general and administrative expenses during the
year ended September 30, 1999. As of September 30, 1999, options to purchase
450,000 shares at an exercise price of $7.00 per share were exercised. As of
September 30, 1999, the Company received $1,333,333 of cash on these exercises
and the remaining amount due from the stockholders is classified within
stockholders' equity as amounts receivable from exercise of stock options. As of
September 30, 2000, options to purchase 750,000 shares at exercise prices
ranging from $5.75 to $10.00 per share have been exercised. As of September 30,
2000, the Company has received full payment on these exercises.

    During 2000, the Company granted 216,000 non-qualified stock options to
employees at an exercise price of $17.56 per share outside of the Board approved
Plans, which are included in the above table.

                                       65
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

K.  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (CONTINUED)
WARRANTS

    On June 5, 1998, the Company issued to certain individuals, in settlement of
a claim asserted against the Company, Common Stock Purchase Warrants to purchase
up to 68,795 shares of common stock, as amended, at an exercise price of $11.43
per share. The value of these warrants was not material to the financial
statements. These warrants expired on November 11, 1999, unexercised.

    On November 11, 1998, the Company issued common stock warrants to purchase
up to 67,125 shares of the Company's Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.43
per share. The Company has recorded the fair value of these warrants, as
determined by the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, of $56,362, to selling,
general and administrative expenses during the year ended September 30, 1999.
These warrants expired on November 11, 1999 unexercised.

    On August 25, 1999, in connection with the $8 million private placement of
8,000 shares of the Company's Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.01 par
value per share, with Brown Simpson Strategic Growth Funds (see Note L), the
Company issued common stock warrants to purchase up to 120,000 and 675,000
shares of common stock at an exercise price of $7.80 and $8.54, respectively.
These warrants expire on August 25, 2003. The Company has valued these warrants
at $2,369,292, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. At September 30,
1999, none of these warrants were exercised. At September 30, 2000, 18,000
shares of common stock had been purchased at an exercise price of $7.80 per
share.

    On October 21, 1999, in connection with an investment by MTI, the Company
issued a warrant to purchase up to 36,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock
at an exercise price of $8.80 per share. This warrant expires on October 21,
2003. On January 31, 2000, in connection with a second closing of this
investment, the Company issued an additional warrant to purchase up to 64,000
shares of the Company's Common Stock at an exercise price of $8.80 per share.
This warrant expires on January 31, 2004. The Company valued the warrants issued
to MTI on October 12, 1999 and January 31, 2000 at $231,912 and $1,273,509,
respectively, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. At September 30,
2000, none of these warrants had been exercised.

    On November 16, 1999, in connection with the acquisition of certain
intellectual property, equipment and other assets from Northrop Grumman
Corporation, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 100,000 shares of
the Company's Common Stock at an exercise price of $9.725 per share. The Company
has valued this warrant at $631,000 using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model. As of September 30, 2000, all of these warrants had been exercised.

    On February 4, 2000, the Company issued to Northrop Grumman Corporation an
additional warrant to purchase up to 100,000 shares of the Company's Common
Stock at an exercise price of $9.725 per share. This warrant is exercisable upon
the occurrence of certain defined events. As of September 30, 2000, this warrant
is not yet exercisable. This warrant expires on December 31, 2006. As of
September 30, 2000, the fair value of this warrant, using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model, was $936,485, which will be added to the purchase price of
the assets acquired from Northrop Grumman Corporation when it becomes
exerciseable.

    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

    Had compensation cost for the Company's stock-based compensation been
determined based on fair value at the grant dates as calculated in accordance
with SFAS No. 123, the Company's net loss and loss

                                       66
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

K.  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (CONTINUED)
per share for the years ended September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998 would have been
increased to the pro forma amounts indicated below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             2000                      1999                      1998
                                    -----------------------   -----------------------   -----------------------
                                      NET LOSS                  NET LOSS                  NET LOSS
                                    ATTRIBUTABLE   LOSS PER   ATTRIBUTABLE   LOSS PER   ATTRIBUTABLE   LOSS PER
                                     TO COMMON      COMMON     TO COMMON      COMMON     TO COMMON      COMMON
                                    STOCKHOLDERS    SHARE     STOCKHOLDERS    SHARE     STOCKHOLDERS    SHARE
                                    ------------   --------   ------------   --------   ------------   --------
<S>                                 <C>            <C>        <C>            <C>        <C>            <C>
As reported.......................  $(13,047,033)   $(1.03)   $(14,392,657)   $(1.57)   $(4,857,814)    $(.54)
Pro forma.........................  $(17,092,280)   $(1.35)   $(15,597,109)   $(1.70)   $(5,433,804)    $(.61)
</TABLE>

    The effects of applying SFAS No. 123 in this pro forma disclosure are not
indicative of future amounts. SFAS No. 123 does not apply to awards prior to
1996 and additional awards in future years are anticipated.

    The fair value of each stock option is estimated on the date of the grant
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average
assumptions: an expected life of seven years, expected volatility ranging from
80.1% to 112.3%, no dividends, and risk-free interest rate of 6.17% for
September 30, 2000; an expected life of seven years, expected volatility of
80.0%, no dividends, and risk-free interest rate of 6.08% for September 30,
1999; and an expected life of seven years, expected volatility of 57.9%, no
dividends, and risk-free interest rate of 5.76% for September 30, 1998. The
weighted average price of the fair value of options granted for years ended
September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998 are $14.05, $5.21 and $7.14, respectively.

    In March 2000, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 44, "Accounting for
Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation, an Interpretation of APB
Opinion No. 25." This interpretation clarifies the application of APB Opinion
No. 25, including (a) the definition of employee for purposes of applying
Opinion No. 25, (b) the criteria for determining whether a plan qualifies as a
noncompensatory plan, (c) the accounting consequences of various modifications
to the terms of a previously fixed stock option or award, and (d) the accounting
for an exchange of stock compensation awards in a business combination. The
Interpretation is effective July 1, 2000, and the effects of applying the
Interpretation are recognized on a prospective basis. The adoption of this
Interpretation did not have a material impact on the Company's financial
condition or results of operations.

COMMON STOCK OFFERING

    On October 30, 2000, the Company filed for a public offering of its Common
Stock. In connection with this offering, the Company has incurred $678,980 of
deferred equity financing costs that are included in other long-term assets at
September 30, 2000.

                                       67
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

L.  PREFERRED STOCK

    The Company is authorized to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of Preferred
Stock, $0.01 par value per share ("Preferred Stock"). The Preferred Stock may be
issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time
of issuance by the Board of Directors, without further action by stockholders,
and may include voting rights (including the right to vote as a series on
particular matters), preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion and
redemption rights and sinking fund provisions.

    On August 25, 1999, the Company completed an $8 million private placement of
8,000 shares of its Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.01 par
value per share (the "Series A Preferred Stock"), with Brown Simpson Strategic
Growth Funds ("Brown Simpson"). The Series A Preferred Stock is initially
convertible into 1,025,641 shares of the Company's common stock, $0.01 par value
per share (the "Common Stock").

    In connection with the transaction, Brown Simpson also received warrants to
purchase up to 675,000 fully vested and immediately exercisable additional
shares of Common Stock at $8.54 per share (the "Brown Simpson Warrants"). The
Brown Simpson Warrants expire on August 25, 2003. The Company has valued these
warrants at $1,818,558 based on the fair value of these warrants, as determined
by the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and has recorded this amount as a
discount to the Preferred Stock. In addition, the Company incurred direct costs
of $1,338,234 in connection with this preferred stock offering which have also
been recorded as a discount to the Series A Preferred Stock.

    H.C. Wainwright & Co., Inc. ("H.C. Wainwright") served as placement agent
for the transaction and received a commission of $560,000 and warrants to
purchase 120,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock at $7.80 per share. These
warrants expire on August 25, 2003. H.C. Wainwright will also receive a future
fee in the amount of 4% of any monies received by the Company upon the exercise
of the Brown Simpson Warrants. The Company has recorded the fair value of these
warrants, as determined by the Black-Scholes option pricing model, of $550,734
as a discount to the Series A Preferred Stock.

    The Company has valued the Series A Preferred Stock at issuance to be
$4,843,208 based on the relative fair market values of the financial instruments
issued in connection with this placement and net of offering costs. The Company
is accreting the carrying value of the preferred stock to its redemption value
of $8,000,000 at August 25, 2003, using the effective interest method. As of
September 30, 1999, the Company accreted $50,904 and recorded this as a charge
against additional paid-in capital.

    On March 7, 2000, the preferred stockholders elected to convert all 8,000
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock into 1,025,641 shares of the Company's
Common Stock, which resulted in the accretion of an additional $3,105,888 of the
discount on the redeemable preferred stock during the year ended September 30,
2000.

                                       68
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

M.  SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS

    Significant customers, defined as those customers that account for 10% or
more of total net revenue in a fiscal year or 10% or more of accounts receivable
and unbilled contract costs and fees at the end of a fiscal year, were as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       PERCENTAGE OF
                                                                                    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
                                                                                       AND UNBILLED
                                                                                    CONTRACT COSTS AND
                                                    PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL REVENUE           FEES AT
                                                      YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,         SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                   ------------------------------   -------------------
CUSTOMER                                             2000       1999       1998       2000       1999
- --------                                           --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
<S>                                                <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
U.S. government:
  U.S. Department of Defense.....................    *          20.6%      22.1%      10.3%      20.4%
  U.S. Department of Energy......................    11.5%      *          *          *          20.0%
Applied Materials................................    10.6%      *          *          22.3%      *
</TABLE>

- ------------------------

*   Less than 10%

N.  SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                          --------------------------------------
                                                             2000          1999         1998
                                                          -----------   ----------   -----------
<S>                                                       <C>           <C>          <C>
Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock
  discount..............................................  $ 3,105,888   $   50,904   $        --
                                                          ===========   ==========   ===========
Acquisition of equipment under capital leases...........  $        --   $   49,813   $        --
                                                          ===========   ==========   ===========
Contingent obligation to Class D preferred stockholders
  of Beacon Power Corporation...........................  $   484,764   $5,309,115   $        --
                                                          ===========   ==========   ===========
Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to
  common stock..........................................  $ 8,000,000   $       --   $        --
                                                          ===========   ==========   ===========
Common stock held in escrow issued in connection with
  settlement agreement..................................  $        --   $  190,191   $        --
                                                          ===========   ==========   ===========
Valuation adjustment for common stock held in escrow....  $   257,160   $  238,409   $        --
                                                          ===========   ==========   ===========
Warrants issued in connection with MTI investment.......  $ 1,505,421   $       --   $        --
                                                          ===========   ==========   ===========
MTI warrant received in connection with MTI
  investment............................................  $ 3,495,438   $       --   $        --
                                                          ===========   ==========   ===========
Valuation adjustment for MTI warrants...................  $(1,021,725)  $       --   $        --
                                                          ===========   ==========   ===========
</TABLE>

                                       69
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

N.  SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    Net cash paid for the acquisitions of Inductive Components Inc., Lighthouse
Software, Inc., HyComp, Inc., Ling Electronics, Inc. and certain intellectual
property, equipment and other assets from Northrop Grumman Corporation was as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                      ------------------------------------------
                                                          2000           1999           1998
                                                      ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                   <C>            <C>            <C>
Fair value of assets................................  $ 11,200,265   $  1,742,812             --
Cost in excess of net assets of companies acquired,
  net...............................................     3,754,910        389,079             --
Liabilities assumed, including transaction costs....    (2,476,383)      (567,215)            --
Fair value of common stock issued...................   (12,408,792)      (568,800)            --
                                                      ------------   ------------   ------------
Cash paid...........................................  $     70,000   $    995,876             --
Less: Cash acquired.................................       (45,946)            --             --
                                                      ------------   ------------   ------------
Net cash paid for the acquisitions..................  $     24,054   $    995,876             --
                                                      ============   ============   ============
</TABLE>

    INTEREST AND INCOME TAXES PAID

    Cash paid for interest and income taxes was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                                         SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                 ------------------------------
                                                   2000       1999       1998
                                                 --------   --------   --------
<S>                                              <C>        <C>        <C>
Interest.......................................  $  3,176   $115,692   $10,206
                                                 ========   ========   =======
Income taxes...................................        --         --   $ 5,772
                                                 ========   ========   =======
</TABLE>

O.  ACQUISITIONS

    INDUCTIVE COMPONENTS, INC. AND LIGHTHOUSE SOFTWARE, INC.

    On January 4, 1999, the Company's MagMotor subsidiary acquired substantially
all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Inductive Components, Inc.
and Lighthouse Software, Inc., pursuant to the terms of an Asset Purchase
Agreement, dated January 4, 1999, among MagMotor, the Company, Inductive
Components, Inc, Lighthouse Software, Inc. and Thomas Glynn, the sole
stockholder of Inductive Components, Inc. and the majority stockholder of
Lighthouse Software, Inc. The aggregate consideration paid by the Company for
the acquired assets of Inductive Components, Inc. and Lighthouse Software, Inc.
was 100,000 shares of the Company's common stock, valued at $5.6875 per share or
$568,750. In addition, the Company assumed indebtedness of approximately
$246,000. The Company has included in its consolidated results of operations the
acquisition of Inductive Components, Inc. and Lighthouse Software, Inc. under
the purchase method of accounting. The purchase price has been allocated as
follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                           <C>
Inventory...................................................  $ 50,000
Property and equipment......................................   100,597
Intangibles.................................................   275,000
Goodwill....................................................   389,079
                                                              --------
                                                              $814,676
                                                              ========
</TABLE>

                                       70
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

O.  ACQUISITIONS (CONTINUED)
    The pro forma financial information has not been presented, as the
acquisitions of Inductive Components, Inc. and Lighthouse Software, Inc. are not
material.

    HYCOMP, INC.

    On April 12, 1999, the Company executed an agreement to purchase
substantially all of the assets and assume certain liabilities of HyComp, Inc.
("HyComp"). This agreement was dated March 31, 1999 and was by and between
HyComp and HyComp Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
The aggregate consideration paid by the Company for the acquired assets of
HyComp consisted of (i) $750,000 in cash; (ii) the assumption of certain
liabilities and obligations of HyComp in the amount of approximately $422,000;
(iii) transaction costs of $95,000; and (iv) a 5% royalty to HyComp on certain
sales through April 12, 2000. At September 30, 1999, the Company has recorded
$50,000 of accrued royalties. The Company has included in its consolidated
results of operations the acquisition of HyComp under the purchase method of
accounting. The purchase price has been allocated as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                           <C>
Accounts receivable.........................................  $   38,556
Inventory...................................................     318,359
Deposits....................................................      19,800
Property and equipment......................................     940,500
                                                              ----------
                                                              $1,317,215
                                                              ==========
</TABLE>

    The pro forma financial information has not been presented as the
acquisition of HyComp is not material.

LING ELECTRONICS, INC.

    On October 21, 1999, the Company acquired Ling Electronics, Inc. and Ling
Electronics, Ltd. (collectively, "Ling Electronics") from MTI. In consideration
for the acquisition of Ling Electronics, MTI received $70,000 and 770,000 shares
of the Company's Common Stock valued at $9.8438 per share or $7,579,726. In
addition, the Company incurred approximately $177,000 of legal, accounting,
consultation and filing fees as a cost of this transaction. The purchase price
of the acquisition has been allocated as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                           <C>
Cash and cash equivalents...................................  $   45,946
Accounts receivable.........................................   1,937,023
Inventory...................................................   3,127,991
Prepaid expenses and other assets...........................     260,239
Property and equipment......................................     250,000
Goodwill....................................................   3,754,910
Accounts payable............................................    (641,687)
Accrued payroll and payroll related expenses................    (334,129)
Deferred revenues...........................................     (13,500)
Other accrued expenses......................................    (560,437)
                                                              ----------
                                                              $7,826,356
                                                              ==========
</TABLE>

                                       71
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

O.  ACQUISITIONS (CONTINUED)
    The following unaudited pro forma financial information combines SatCon and
Ling's results of operations as if the acquisition had taken place on
October 1, 1998. The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of what
the results of operations actually would have been if the transaction had
occurred on the applicable dates indicated and are not intended to be indicative
of future results of operations.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                         ------------------------------------------
                                             2000           1999           1998
                                         ------------   ------------   ------------
                                                        (UNAUDITED)
<S>                                      <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Revenue................................  $ 31,194,618   $ 23,849,881   $ 27,764,923
Operating loss.........................  $ (9,822,203)  $(11,316,689)  $ (2,433,575)
Net loss...............................  $(10,260,029)  $(15,881,125)  $ (5,740,230)
Net loss attributable to common
  stockholders.........................  $(13,365,917)  $(15,932,029)  $ (5,740,230)
Net loss per share, basic and
  diluted..............................  $      (1.06)  $      (1.60)  $      (0.59)
</TABLE>

NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION

    On November 16, 1999, the Company purchased certain intellectual property,
equipment and other assets from Northrop Grumman Corporation ("NGC"). These
assets were used by NGC in connection with its power electronics product
business. The Company is amortizing the purchase price allocated to completed
technology on a straight-line basis over a 10-year period. The Company is
depreciating the purchase price allocated to property and equipment on a
straight-line basis over a 10-year period. The Company also entered into (i) a
sublease with NGC pursuant to which it agreed to a five-year sublease for
approximately 14,863 square feet of rentable space in the Baltimore, Maryland
area and (ii) a three-year Transition Services Agreement providing the Company
access to certain test facilities and personnel of NGC on a fee basis. In
consideration for these foregoing assets and agreements, NGC received 578,761
shares of the Company's Common Stock valued at $8.3438 per share or $4,829,066.
In addition, the Company issued to NGC a warrant to purchase an additional
100,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock at an exercise price of $9.725 per
share. The Company has recorded the fair value of this warrant, as determined by
the Black-Scholes option pricing model, of approximately $631,000 and
approximately $119,000 of legal, accounting, consultation and filing fees as a
cost of this transaction. On February 4, 2000, the Company issued to NGC an
additional warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock at
an exercise price of $9.725 per share. This warrant is exercisable upon the
occurrence of certain

                                       72
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

O.  ACQUISITIONS (CONTINUED)
defined events, none of which had occurred as of September 30, 2000. The
purchase price of the asset purchase has been allocated as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
Inventory...................................................               $1,206,000
Property and equipment......................................                1,091,643
Intangibles:
  Completed technology......................................  $3,142,882
  Transition services agreement.............................     101,542
  Favorable lease...........................................      36,999
                                                              ----------
      Total intangibles.....................................                3,281,423
                                                                           ----------
                                                                           $5,579,066
                                                                           ==========
</TABLE>

    The pro forma financial information has not been presented, as this
transaction is the purchase of assets rather than as a business combination. The
Company has determined that this transaction was the acquisition of assets and
not the acquisition of a business as this business ceased operations more than
12 months prior to this acquisition of assets, the Company did not acquire
facilities, employees or customer base and there is not sufficient continuity of
the acquired entity's operations prior to and after the transaction.

    For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2000, the Company recognized
$413,991 of revenue, primarily related to funded research and development
arrangements, from NGC. At September 30, 2000, the Company had $62,492 of
accounts receivable and unbilled contract costs and fees from NGC.

P.  LOSS PER SHARE

    The following is the reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of
the basic and diluted loss per share computations:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                                                     SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                       -----------------------------------------
                                                           2000           1999          1998
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>
Net loss attributable to common shareholders.........  $(13,047,033)  $(14,392,657)  $(4,857,814)
                                                       ============   ============   ===========

BASIC AND DILUTED:
  Common shares outstanding, beginning of year.......     9,529,649      8,990,249     8,769,146
  Weighted average common shares issued during the
    year.............................................     3,100,173        200,017       190,163
  Weighted average shares repurchased during the
    year.............................................            --        (14,225)       (2,638)
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
  Weighted average shares outstanding--basic and
    diluted..........................................    12,629,822      9,176,041     8,956,671
                                                       ============   ============   ===========
  Net loss per share, basic and diluted..............  $      (1.03)  $      (1.57)  $      (.54)
                                                       ============   ============   ===========
</TABLE>

    At September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998, 44,500, 44,500 and 28,300 common
shares, respectively, were excluded from common shares outstanding as they were
held in treasury. At September 30, 2000 and 1999, 42,860 common shares were
excluded from common shares outstanding as they were held in escrow.

                                       73
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

P.  LOSS PER SHARE (CONTINUED)
    At September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998, options and warrants to purchase
2,854,105, 2,782,147, and 884,758 shares of common stock, respectively, were
excluded from the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding as their
effect would be antidilutive.

Q.  COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

    The Company's total comprehensive loss is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                                                     SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                       -----------------------------------------
                                                           2000           1999          1998
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>
Net loss.............................................  $ (9,941,145)  $(14,341,753)  $(4,857,814)
                                                       ============   ============   ===========
Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax:
    Unrealized gains on securities...................  $         --   $     10,380   $     9,835
    Valuation adjustment for MTI warrants............    (1,021,725)            --            --
    Foreign currency translation adjustment..........       (51,778)            --            --
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
    Other comprehensive (loss)/income................  $ (1,073,503)  $     10,380   $     9,835
                                                       ------------   ------------   -----------
Comprehensive loss...................................  $(11,014,648)  $(14,331,373)  $(4,847,979)
                                                       ============   ============   ===========
</TABLE>

R.  SEGMENT DISCLOSURES

    As of October 1, 1998, the Company adopted SFAS No. 131, "Disclosures about
Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information". SFAS No. 131 establishes
annual and interim reporting standards for an enterprise's operating segments
and related disclosures about its products and services, geographical areas and
major customers. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise
about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated
regularly by the chief operating decision maker, or decision making group, in
deciding how to allocate resources and assess their performance.

    The Company's organizational structure is based on strategic business units
that perform services and offer various products to the principal markets in
which the Company's products are sold. These business units equate to three
reportable segments: research and development, power electronic products and
motion-control products.

    The Company performs research and development services in collaboration with
third parties. Film Microelectronics, Inc. designs and manufactures power
electronics products. The Magmotor and Ling Divisions specialize in the
engineering and manufacturing of motion-control products. The Company's
principal operations and markets are located in North America.

    The accounting policies of each of the segments are the same as those
described in the summary of significant accounting policies. The Company
evaluates performance based on revenue and profit and loss from operations
before income taxes, interest income, interest expense, other income and losses
and loss from investment in Beacon Power Corporation, excluding the effects of
amortization of intangible assets associated with acquisitions. Common costs not
directly attributable to a particular segment are allocated among segments based
on management's estimates.

                                       74
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

R.  SEGMENT DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)
    The following is a summary of the Company's operations by operating segment:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                      ------------------------------------------------
                                                         2000              1999              1998
                                                      -----------      ------------      -------------
<S>                                                   <C>              <C>               <C>
Research and development:
Product revenue.................................      $    31,486                --                 --
Funded research and development revenue.........      $ 8,627,601      $  6,355,383      $   8,010,735
                                                      -----------      ------------      -------------
  Total revenue.................................      $ 8,659,087      $  6,355,383      $   8,010,735
                                                      -----------      ------------      -------------
  Loss from operations, net of amortization of
    intangibles.................................      $(3,838,907)     $ (6,577,012)     $  (1,454,707)
                                                      ===========      ============      =============
Electronics products:
  Product revenue...............................      $ 8,584,446      $  6,306,085      $   5,909,765
                                                      -----------      ------------      -------------
  (Loss) income from operations, net of
    amortization of intangibles.................      $(3,128,643)     $ (2,073,946)     $     504,528
                                                      ===========      ============      =============
Motion-control products:
  Product revenue...............................      $13,811,496      $  2,816,413      $   1,610,423
                                                      -----------      ------------      -------------
  Loss from operations, net of amortization of
    intangibles.................................      $(1,316,958)     $   (755,272)     $    (310,023)
                                                      ===========      ============      =============

Consolidated:
  Product revenue...............................      $22,427,428      $  9,122,499      $   7,520,188
  Funded research and development revenue.......      $ 8,627,601      $  6,355,383      $   8,010,735
                                                      -----------      ------------      -------------
  Total revenue.................................      $31,055,029      $ 15,477,882      $  15,530,923
                                                      ===========      ============      =============
  Loss from operations, net of amortization.....      $(8,284,508)     $ (9,406,230)     $  (1,260,202)
  Amortization of intangibles...................      $(1,217,490)     $   (371,087)     $    (290,957)
                                                      -----------      ------------      -------------
  Operating loss................................      $(9,501,998)     $ (9,777,317)     $  (1,551,159)
  Other income (loss)...........................      $     9,891      $   (150,464)     $          --
  Interest income...............................      $   453,631      $     42,287      $     179,861
  Interest expense..............................      $    (3,176)     $   (115,692)     $     (10,206)
                                                      -----------      ------------      -------------
  Net loss before income taxes and loss from
    Beacon Power Corporation....................      $(9,041,652)     $(10,001,186)     $  (1,381,504)
                                                      ===========      ============      =============
</TABLE>

                                       75
<PAGE>
                         SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

R.  SEGMENT DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)
    The following is a summary of the Company's total segment assets by
operating segment:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              -------------------------
                                                                 2000          1999
                                                              -----------   -----------
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
Research and development:
  Segment assets............................................  $18,464,754   $ 6,283,773
Electronics products:
  Segment assets............................................  $10,132,575   $ 8,643,258
Motion-control products:
  Segment assets............................................  $13,416,197   $ 2,473,343
Consolidated:
  Segment assets............................................  $42,013,526   $17,400,374
  Investment in Beacon Power Corporation....................  $        --   $   414,729
  Warrants to purchase Mechanical Technology
  Incorporated common stock.................................  $ 2,473,713   $        --
                                                              -----------   -----------
Total assets................................................  $44,487,239   $17,815,103
                                                              ===========   ===========
</TABLE>

    The Company operates and markets its services and products on a worldwide
basis with its principal markets as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                       ----------------------------------------
                                                          2000           1999          1998
                                                       -----------   ------------   -----------
<S>                                                    <C>           <C>            <C>
Revenue by geographic region:
  United States......................................  $27,701,844   $ 14,627,000   $15,333,525
  Rest of world......................................    3,353,185        850,981       197,398
                                                       -----------   ------------   -----------
    Total revenue....................................  $31,055,029   $ 15,477,981   $15,530,923
                                                       ===========   ============   ===========
</TABLE>

                                       76
<PAGE>
       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ON SUPPLEMENTARY SCHEDULE

To the Board of Directors of SatCon Technology Corporation:

    We have audited, in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in
the United States, the consolidated statements of SatCon Technology Corporation
and its subsidiaries for each of the years ended September 30, 2000 and 1999 and
have issued our report thereon dated November 28, 2000. Our audits were made for
the purpose of forming an opinion on those consolidated financial statements
taken as a whole. The schedule listed in the financial statement schedule index
is the responsibility of the Company's management and is presented for the
purposes of complying with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and is
not a part of the basic consolidated financial statements. This schedule has
been subjected to auditing procedures applied in the audit of the basic
consolidated financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly states, in all
material respects, the financial data required to be set forth therein in
relation to the basic consolidated financial statements for each of the years
ended September 30, 2000 and 1999 taken as a whole.

                                          /S/ ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
November 28, 2000

                                       77
<PAGE>
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

                 SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               ADDITIONS
                                 BALANCE AT    CHARGED TO    ADDITIONS                      BALANCE
                                  BEGINNING    COSTS AND        FROM                        AT END
                                  OF PERIOD     EXPENSES    ACQUISITIONS    DEDUCTIONS     OF PERIOD
                                 -----------   ----------   ------------   ------------   -----------
<S>                              <C>           <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>
YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1998:
  Allowance for doubtful
    accounts...................  $   159,243   $   29,014           --     $   (136,421)  $    51,836
  Allowance for unbilled
    contract costs.............  $ 1,130,468           --           --     $ (1,072,857)  $    57,611
  Deferred tax valuation
    allowance..................  $ 4,111,568   $2,689,999           --               --   $ 6,801,567
  Allowance for obsolete
    inventory..................  $   758,541           --           --     $   (549,765)  $   208,776
  Reserve for product warranty
    expense....................  $    16,511           --           --     $    (16,511)           --
  Accrued costs for
    consolidation of
    facilities.................  $   498,000           --           --     $   (398,000)  $   100,000

YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1999:
  Allowance for doubtful
    accounts...................  $    51,836   $  345,433           --     $    (10,583)  $   386,686
  Allowance for unbilled
    contract costs.............  $    57,611   $  688,510           --               --   $   746,121
  Deferred tax valuation
    allowance..................  $ 6,801,567   $4,788,539           --               --   $11,590,106
  Allowance for obsolete
    inventory..................  $   208,776   $  870,021           --               --   $ 1,078,797
  Reserve for product warranty
    expense....................           --   $   36,000           --               --   $    36,000
  Accrued costs for
    consolidation of
    facilities.................  $   100,000           --           --               --   $   100,000

YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000:
  Allowance for doubtful
    accounts...................  $   386,686   $  265,742           --     $   (332,208)  $   320,220
  Allowance for unbilled
    contract costs.............  $   746,121           --           --     $   (746,121)           --
  Deferred tax valuation
    allowance..................  $11,590,106   $9,668,342           --               --   $21,258,448
  Allowance for obsolete
    inventory..................  $ 1,078,797   $  658,774           --     $   (543,621)  $ 1,193,950
  Reserve for product warranty
    expense....................  $    36,000   $  264,096     $195,384     $    (30,365)  $   465,115
  Accrued costs for
    consolidation of
    facilities.................  $   100,000           --           --               --   $   100,000
</TABLE>

                                       78
<PAGE>
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

    On May 12, 1999, we dismissed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from its position
as our independent public accountants. The decision to change accountants was
recommended by our Audit Committee and approved by our Board of Directors. None
of the reports of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on our financial statements for the
years ended September 30, 1998 and 1997 contained an adverse opinion or
disclaimer of opinion, or was qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit
scope or accounting principles. During the years ended September 30, 1998 and
1997, and any subsequent interim period immediately preceding the date of
dismissal of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, we had no disagreements with
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which
disagreement(s), if not resolved to the satisfaction of PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, would have caused PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to make reference to such
matter of disagreement(s) in connection with its report on our financial
statements. None of the reportable events listed in Item 304 (a) (1) (v) of
Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, occurred with
respect to the years ended September 30, 1998 and 1997 or the subsequent interim
period preceding the dismissal of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

    On May 25, 1999, we engaged Arthur Andersen LLP as our independent public
accountants. The decision to engage Arthur Andersen LLP was recommended by our
Audit Committee and approved by our Board of Directors. During our two most
recent fiscal years, and any subsequent interim period prior to engaging Arthur
Andersen LLP, (i) neither we nor anyone on our behalf consulted Arthur Andersen
LLP regarding the application of accounting principles to a specific completed
or proposed transaction or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on
our financial statements; and (ii) no written report or oral advice concerning
the same was provided to us that Arthur Andersen LLP concluded was an important
factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or
financial reporting issue.

                                       79
<PAGE>
                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

    The information with respect to directors required under this item is
incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the section
entitled "Election of Directors" in our proxy statement for our 2001 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held on February 21, 2001. Information relating to
certain filings of Forms 3, 4 and 5 is contained in our 2001 proxy statement
under the caption "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance."

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

    The information required under this item is incorporated by reference to the
section entitled "Compensation of Executive Officers" in our 2001 proxy
statement.

    The sections entitled "Compensation Committee Report on Executive
Compensation" and "Comparative Stock Performance Graph" in our 2001 proxy
statement are not incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

    The information required under this item is incorporated by reference to the
section entitled "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management" in our 2001 proxy statement.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

    The information required under this item is incorporated by reference to the
section entitled "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" in our 2001
proxy statement.

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form
    10-K:

1.  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION AND ITS
    SUBSIDIARIES:

    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2000 and 1999

    Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30,
    2000, 1999 and 1998

    Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the Years
    Ended September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998

    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30,
    2000, 1999 and 1998

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

2.  FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE OF SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION AND ITS
    SUBSIDIARIES:

    Schedule II; Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended
    September 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998

    All other financial statement schedules not listed have been omitted because
    they are either not required, not applicable, or the information has been
    included elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements or notes
    thereto.

3.  EXHIBITS:

    The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the exhibits
are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(b) Reports on Form 8-K:

    We did not file any reports on Form 8-K during the quarter ended
    September 30, 2000.

                                       80
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of
Cambridge, Commonwealth of Massachusetts on December 22, 2000.

<TABLE>
<S>                                                    <C>  <C>
                                                       SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

                                                       By:           /s/ DAVID B. EISENHAURE
                                                            -----------------------------------------
                                                                       David B. Eisenhaure
                                                              PRESIDENT, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
                                                                      CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
</TABLE>

    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, This
report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the
dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       NAME                                    CAPACITY                    DATE
                       ----                                    --------                    ----
<C>                                                  <S>                            <C>
                                                     Chairman of the Board of
              /s/ DAVID B. EISENHAURE                  Directors, President and
     ----------------------------------------          Chief Executive Officer      December 22, 2000
                David B. Eisenhaure                    (Principal Executive
                                                       Officer)

                                                     Vice President, Chief
                 /s/ SEAN F. MORAN                     Financial Officer and
     ----------------------------------------          Treasurer (Principal         December 22, 2000
                   Sean F. Moran                       Financial and Principal
                                                       Accounting Officer)

              /s/ MICHAEL C. TURMELLE                Director, Vice President,
     ----------------------------------------          Chief Operating Officer and  December 22, 2000
                Michael C. Turmelle                    Secretary

             /s/ JAMES L. KIRTLEY, JR.
     ----------------------------------------        Director, Vice President, and  December 22, 2000
               James L. Kirtley, Jr.                   Chief Scientist

             /s/ MARSHALL J. ARMSTRONG
     ----------------------------------------        Director                       December 22, 2000
               Marshall J. Armstrong

               /s/ ALAN P. GOLDBERG
     ----------------------------------------        Director                       December 22, 2000
                 Alan P. Goldberg

              /s/ THOMAS A. HURKMANS
     ----------------------------------------        Director                       December 22, 2000
                Thomas A. Hurkmans

               /s/ GERALD L. WILSON
     ----------------------------------------        Director                       December 22, 2000
                 Gerald L. Wilson
</TABLE>

                                       81
<PAGE>
                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT NO.                          DESCRIPTION
- -----------                          -----------
<S>          <C>
2.1          Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement among SatCon
             Film Microelectronics, Inc., Film Microelectronics Inc., and
             Albert R. Snider, dated as of April 3, 1997, is incorporated
             herein by reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's Current
             Report on Form 8-K dated April 16, 1997.
2.2          Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 21, 1999, by
             and among the Registrant, Mechanical Technology
             Incorporated, Ling Electronics, Inc. and Ling Electronics,
             Ltd. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits to the
             Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 21,
             1999.
2.3          Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 16, 1999, by
             and between the Registrant and Northrop Grumman Corporation
             is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits to the
             Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 16,
             1999.
3.1          Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant is
             incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits to the
             Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             33-49286).
3.2          Bylaws of the Registrant is incorporated herein by reference
             to Exhibits to the Registrant's Registration Statement on
             Form S-1 (File No. 33-49286).
3.3          Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of
             the Registrant, as filed with the Secretary of State of the
             State of Delaware on May 12, 1997, is incorporated herein by
             reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's Quarterly Report
             on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 1997.
3.4          Bylaws Amendment of the Registrant is incorporated herein by
             reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's Quarterly Report
             on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 1997.
3.5          Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of
             the Registrant, as filed with the Secretary of State of the
             State of Delaware on March 17, 1999, is incorporated herein
             by reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's Current Report
             on Form 8-K dated August 25, 1999.
3.6          Certificate of Designation of Series and Statement of
             Variations of Relative Rights, Preferences and Limitations
             of Preferred Stock, dated as of August 25, 1999, relating to
             the Series A Preferred Stock is incorporated herein by
             reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's Current Report on
             Form 8-K dated August 25, 1999.
3.7          Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of
             the Registrant, as filed with the Secretary of State of the
             State of Delaware on March 15, 2000.
4.1          Specimen Certificate of Common Stock, $.01 par value, is
             incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits to the
             Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
             No. 33-49286).
10.1(*)      Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 1992, between the
             Registrant and David B. Eisenhaure is incorporated herein by
             reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's Registration
             Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-49286).
10.2(*)      Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 1992, between the
             Registrant and Michael C. Turmelle is incorporated herein by
             reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's Registration
             Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-49286).
10.3         Change of Control Letter Agreement, dated March 22, 2000,
             between the Registrant and Sean F. Moran is incorporated
             herein by reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's
             Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31,
             2000.
10.4(*)      1992 Stock Option Plan is incorporated herein by reference
             to Exhibits to the Registrant's Registration Statement on
             Form S-1 (File No. 33-49286).
10.5(*)      1994 Stock Option Plan is incorporated herein by reference
             to Exhibits to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
             for the year ended September 30, 1994.
10.6(*)      1996 Stock Option Plan is incorporated herein by reference
             to Exhibits to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
             for the year ended September 30, 1996.
10.7(*)      1998 Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by
             reference to Exhibit B to the Registrant's Definitive
             Schedule 14A filed January 26, 1999.
10.8(*)      1999 Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by
             reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's Annual Report on
             Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 1999.
</TABLE>

                                       82
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT NO.                          DESCRIPTION
- -----------                          -----------
<S>          <C>
10.9         Lease, dated October 21, 1993, between the Registrant and
             Gunwyn/First Street Limited Partnership is incorporated
             herein by reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's
             Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-49286) and
             First Amendment to Lease, dated June 22, 1998, by and
             between the Registrant and Gunwyn/First Street Limited
             Partnership is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits
             to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
             period ended September 30, 1998.
10.10        Manufacturing Agreement between Applied Materials, Inc. and
             its wholly-owned subsidiaries and the Registrant, dated as
             of February 20, 1997, is incorporated herein by reference to
             Exhibits to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
             for the period ended March 31, 1997.
10.11        Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 28, 1997, by
             and among the Registrant, Beacon Power Corporation and DQE
             Enterprises, Inc. is incorporated herein by reference to
             Exhibits to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
             dated May 28, 1997.
10.12        Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 23, 1998,
             by and among Beacon Power Corporation, Perseus Capital,
             L.L.C., DQE Enterprises, Inc., Micro Generation Technology
             Fund, L.L.C. and the Registrant is incorporated herein by
             reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's Current Report on
             Form 8-K dated October 23, 1998.
10.13        Amended and Restated License Agreement, dated as of October
             23, 1998, by and between the Registrant and Beacon Power
             Corporation is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits
             to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October
             23, 1998.
10.14        Registration Rights Statement, dated as of October 23, 1998,
             by and among Beacon Power Corporation, Perseus Capital,
             L.L.C., DQE Enterprises, Inc., Micro Generation Technology
             Fund, L.L.C., and the Registrant, setting forth certain
             registration rights granted by the Registrant is
             incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits to the
             Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 23,
             1998.
10.15        Registration Rights Statement, dated as of October 23, 1998,
             by and among Beacon Power Corporation, Perseus Capital,
             L.L.C., DQE Enterprises, Inc., Micro Generation Technology
             Fund, L.L.C. and the Registrant, setting forth certain
             registration rights granted by Beacon Power Corporation is
             incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits to the
             Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 23,
             1998.
10.16        Lease, dated February 27, 1996, by and between the
             Registrant and Diamond Management, Inc. is incorporated
             herein by reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's Annual
             Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 1998.
10.17        Lease, dated March 5, 1998, by and between the Registrant
             and Harold W. Slovin is incorporated herein by reference to
             Exhibits to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
             the year ended September 30, 1998.
10.18        North America Distributor Agreement, dated June 4, 1998, by
             and between SatCon Film Microelectronics, Inc., a division
             of the Registrant, and Falcon Electronics, Inc. is
             incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits to the
             Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
             September 30, 1998.
10.19        Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 4, 1999, among
             K&D MagMotor Corp., the Registrant, Inductive Components,
             Inc., Lighthouse Software, Inc. and Thomas Glynn is
             incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits to the
             Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 4,
             1999.
10.20        Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 1999, by and
             between HyComp, Inc. and HyComp Acquisition Corp., a
             wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant, is incorporated
             herein by reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's
             Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30,
             1999.
</TABLE>

                                       83
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT NO.                          DESCRIPTION
- -----------                          -----------
<S>          <C>
10.21        Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 22, 1999, by and
             among Beacon Power Corporation, Perseus Capital, L.L.C., DQE
             Enterprises, Inc., Micro Generation Technology Fund, L.L.C.
             and the Registrant is incorporated herein by reference to
             Exhibits to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
             for the period ended June 30, 1999.
10.22        Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 2,
             1999, by and among Beacon Power Corporation, Perseus
             Capital, L.L.C., DQE Enterprises, Inc., Micro Generation
             Technology Fund, L.L.C. and the Registrant is incorporated
             herein by reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's
             Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30,
             1999.
10.23        License and Technical Assistant Agreement, dated as of June
             7, 1999, by and between Delco Remy America, Inc. and the
             Registrant is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits
             to the Registrant's Amendment No. 1 to the Quarterly Report
             on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 1999.
10.24        Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 25, 1999,
             among the Registrant and the purchasers listed on Schedule I
             thereto is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits to
             the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 25,
             1999.
10.25        Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 25, 1999,
             among the Registrant and the investors named on the
             signature pages thereof is incorporated herein by reference
             to Exhibits to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
             dated August 25, 1999.
10.26        Form of Warrants issued on August 25, 1999 in connection
             with the sale of the Series A Preferred Stock is
             incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits to the
             Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 25,
             1999.
10.27        Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 21, 1999,
             between the Registrant and Mechanical Technology
             Incorporated is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits
             to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October
             21, 1999.
10.28        SatCon Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October
             21, 1999, between the Registrant and Mechanical Technology
             Incorporated is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits
             to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October
             21, 1999.
10.29        MTI Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 21,
             1999, between Mechanical Technology Incorporated and the
             Registrant is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits
             to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October
             21, 1999.
10.30        Form of Stock Purchase Warrant issued on October 21, 1999 by
             the Registrant to Mechanical Technology Incorporated is
             incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits to the
             Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 21,
             1999.
10.31        Form of Stock Purchase Warrant issued on October 21, 1999 by
             Mechanical Technology Incorporated to the Registrant is
             incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits to the
             Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 21,
             1999.
10.32        Sublease, dated November 16, 1999, between the Registrant
             and Northrop Grumman Corporation is incorporated herein by
             reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's Current Report on
             Form 8-K dated November 16, 1999.
10.33        Transition Services Agreement, dated as of November 16,
             1999, between the Registrant and Northrop Grumman
             Corporation is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits
             to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
             November 16, 1999.
10.34        Memorandum of Understanding, entered into on November 16,
             1999, between the Registrant and Northrop Grumman
             Corporation is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits
             to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
             November 16, 1999.
10.35        Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 16,
             1999, between the Registrant and Northrop Grumman
             Corporation is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits
             to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
             November 16, 1999.
10.36        Stock Purchase Warrant issued on February 4, 2000 by the
             Registrant to Northrop Grumman Corporation is incorporated
             herein by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on
             Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 1999.
</TABLE>

                                       84
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT NO.                          DESCRIPTION
- -----------                          -----------
<S>          <C>
10.37        Promissory Note, dated October 6, 1999, made in favor of the
             Registrant by Michael C. Turmelle in the amount of $10,000,
             together with Promissory Note, dated December 6, 1999, made
             in favor of the Registrant by Michael C. Turmelle in the
             amount of $75,000, is incorporated herein by reference to
             the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
             period ended December 31, 1999.
10.38        Demand Promissory Note, dated February 25, 2000, made in
             favor of the Registrant by Beacon Power Corporation in the
             amount of $300,000, together with First Amendment to Demand
             Promissory Note, dated March 16, 2000 is incorporated by
             reference to Exhibits to the Registrant's Quarterly Report
             on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2000.
10.39        Consulting Agreement, dated July 19, 2000, between the
             Registrant and Marshall J. Armstrong is incorporated herein
             by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form
             10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2000.
10.40        Agreement between the Department of Energy and the
             Registrant.
16           Letter Regarding Registrant's Change in Certifying
             Accountant is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits
             to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12,
             1999.
21.1         Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
23.1         Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP.
23.2         Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
27           Financial Data Schedule.
99           Risk Factors.
</TABLE>

- ------------------------

(*) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed
    as an Exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
    September 30, 1999.

                                       85
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.7
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>a2028426zex-3_7.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.7
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


                                                                     EXHIBIT 3.7



                            CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
                                       OF
                          CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                       OF
                          SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
                             Pursuant to Section 242
                        of the General Corporation Law of
                             THE STATE OF DELAWARE
                        ---------------------------------

         SatCon Technology Corporation (hereinafter called the "Corporation"),
organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware, does hereby certify as follows:

         The Board of Directors of the Corporation duly adopted a resolution by
Written Action dated January 17, 2000, pursuant to Sections 141 and 242 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, setting forth an amendment to
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation and declaring said amendment
to be advisable and directing that it be submitted to and considered by the
stockholders of the Corporation for approval. The stockholders of the
Corporation duly approved said proposed amendment at the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders held on March 15, 2000 in accordance with Section 242 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. The resolution setting forth
the amendment is as follows:

RESOLVED:                  That the Board of Directors deems it advisable and in
                           the best interests of the Corporation and its
                           stockholders that Article 4 of the Certificate of
                           Incorporation of the Corporation be, and hereby is,
                           deleted and is replaced in its entirety by the
                           provisions attached hereto as Appendix 1 in order to
                           increase the authorized number of shares of Common
                           Stock of the Corporation from 20,000,000 to
                           25,000,000.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused its corporate seal to be
affixed hereto and this Certificate of Amendment to be signed by its President
this 15th day of March, 2000.

                                            SATCON TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION


                                            By:   /S/ DAVID B. EISENHAURE
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                  David B. Eisenhaure
                                                  Chief Executive Officer



<PAGE>


                                                                      APPENDIX 1


4.       The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have
         authority to issue is twenty-six million (26,000,000) shares,
         twenty-five million (25,000,000) of which shall be Common Stock, of the
         par value of One Cent ($.01) per share; and one million (1,000,000) of
         which shall be Preferred Stock, of the par value of One Cent ($.01) per
         share.

         Additional voting powers, designations, preferences, rights and
         qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the shares of stock
         shall be determined by the Board of Directors of the Corporation from
         time to time.






                                      -2-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.40
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a2028426zex-10_40.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.40
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

DOE F 4600.1 (3-85)        U.S. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY
                      NOTICE OF FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AWARD
                         (See Instructions on Reverse)

Under the authority of Public Law 95-91, U.S. Department of Energy Organization
Act and subject to legislation, regulations and policies applicable to (cite
legislative program title) Office of Transportation Technologies, Advanced
Automotive Technologies

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                    <C>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.  PROJECT TITLE                                                      2. INSTRUMENT TYPE

Research, Development and Demonstration of an Automotive                   |_| GRANT      |X| COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT
Integrated Power Module (AIPM) for a New Generation of Vehicles       --------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------    4. INSTRUMENT NO.                5. AMENDMENT NO.
3.  RECIPIENT (Name, address, zip code, area code and telephone no.)      DE-FC02-99EE50570                      A000
                                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------
    SatCon Technology Corporation                                      6. BUDGET  FROM: 09/30/1999      7. PROJECT  FROM: 09/30/1999
    161 First Street                                                      PERIOD  THRU: 01/28/2000         PERIOD   THRU: 01/28/2000
    Cambridge, MA 02142-1228
                                         617/661-1221
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.  RECIPIENT PROJECT DIRECTOR (Name and telephone No.)                10. TYPE OF AWARD
                                                                           |X| New        |_| Continuation   |_| Renewal
    William F. Bonnice [(617) 349-0869]
- -------------------------------------------------------------------        |_| Revision   |_| Supplement     |_| Other
9.  RECIPIENT BUSINESS OFFICER (Name and telephone No.)               --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       12. ADMINISTERED FOR DOE BY (Name, address, zip code,
    James L. Kirtley, Jr. [(617) 349-0820]                                                          telephone No.)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------    Christopher Swierczek                  (630) 252-2121
11. DOE PROJECT OFFICER (Name, address, zip code, telephone No.)       U.S. Department of Energy/ACQ
                                                                       Chicago Operations Office
    David Hamilton                     U.S. Department of Energy       9800 South Cass Avenue
    EE-32                              1000 Independence Ave.          Argonne, IL 60439
    (202) 586-2314                     Washington, DC 20585-0121
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
13. RECIPIENT TYPE

           |_| STATE GOV'T  |_| INDIAN TRIBAL GOV'T   |_| HOSPITAL          |X| FOR PROFIT      |_| INDIVIDUAL
                                                                                ORGANIZATION
           |_| LOCAL GOV'T  |_| INSTITUTION OF        |_| OTHER NONPROFIT                       |_| OTHER (Specify)
                                HIGHER EDUCATION          ORGANIZATION      |X| C |_| P |_| SP
                                                                                                 _________________________________
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
14. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATIONS DATA                                          15. EMPLOYER I.D. NUMBER
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    a. Appropriation Symbol   b. B & R Number   C. FT/AFP/OC   d. CFA Number            04-2857552
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           89X0215.91             EE0203          HA/CH/410          N/A
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
16. BUDGET AND FUNDING INFORMATION
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
a.  CURRENT BUDGET PERIOD INFORMATION                                  b. CUMULATIVE DOE OBLIGATIONS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (1) DOE Funds Obligated This Action               $1,425,057.00    (1) This Budget Period                    $1,425,057.00
                                                     --------------        [Total of lines a.(1) and a.(3)]      -------------
    (2) DOE Funds Authorized for Carry Over                   $0.00
                                                     --------------
    (3) DOE Funds Previously Obligated in this
        Budget Period                                         $0.00
                                                     --------------    (2) Prior Budget Periods                          $0.00
    (4) DOE Share of Total Approved Budget            $1,425,057.00                                              -------------
                                                     --------------
    (5) Recipient Share of Total Approved Budget      $1,628,695.00
                                                     --------------    (3) Project Period to Date                $1,425,057.00
    (6) Total Approved Budget                         $3,053,752.00        [Total of lines b.(1) and b.(2)]      -------------
                                                     --------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
17. TOTAL ESTIMATED COST OF PROJECT
                                         N/A
                                         --------------------------------------------------------
    (This is the current estimated cost of the project. It is not a promise to award nor an authorization to expend funds in
    this amount)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
18. AWARD/AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
    This award/agreement consists of this form plus the following:
    a. Special terms and conditions (if grant) or schedule, general provisions, special provisions (if cooperative agreement)
    b. Applicable program regulations (specify)  N/A                                             (Date)
                                                 -----------------------------------------------        ---------
    c. DOE Assistance Regulations, 10 CFR Part-600, as amended Subparts A and      |X| B (Other than State and Local Governments) or
                                                                                   |_| C (State and Local Governments)
    d. Application/proposal dated 10/14/98 as amended by SatCon ltr. dated 9/21/99 |X| as submitted   |_| with changes as negotiated
                                  ------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
19. REMARKS
    See the attached page No. 2 of this Notice of Financial Assistance Award.


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20. EVIDENCE OF RECIPIENT ACCEPTANCE                                   21. AWARDED BY
/s/ Michael C. Turmelle                                    10/4/99    /s/ James R. Bieschke                                 9/30/99
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
(Signature of Authorized Recipient Official)                 (Date)                            (Signature)                    (Date)

                     /s/ Michael C. Turmelle                          James R. Bieschke, Director
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Name)                                                            (Name)
                                                                       Acquisition and Assistance Group
                               VP CEO                                  Contracting Officer
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Title)                                                           (Title)
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

SatCon Technology Corporation                          Cooperative Agreement No.
                                                       DE-FCO2-99EE50570
                                                       Page No.2

19.   REMARKS (Continued)

      a.    The following terms and conditions, attached hereto, are made a part
            hereof:

            1.    Budget Page -- DOE F 4620.1

            2.    Statement of Work (SatCon 120 Day Program Plan)

            3.    Special Terms and Conditions for Financial Assistance Awards,
                  coded SPRG-0299/APM;

            4.    Additional Special Provisions;

            5.    Intellectual Property Provision -- Research, Development, or
                  Demonstration, Domestic Small Business and NonProfit
                  Organizations coded, SBNP-198; and

            6.    Federal Assistance Reporting Checklist, dated 9/28/99.

      b.    All references to the terms "grant(s)" or "contract(s)" shall be
            read as "cooperative agreement" or "agreement"; the terms "grantee"
            or "contract" shall be read as "participant, recipient or awardee";
            the term "subgrant" shall be read as "subaward"; and the terms
            "subcontract" or "contract" awarded under a grant shall be read as
            "contract" under a cooperative agreement.

      c.    The following item No. 10 is added to the Special Terms and
            Conditions for Financial Assistance Awards;

            "10.  FUNDING

            It is the intention of Government and the Participant to share the
            allowable and allocable costs of performance of the work on a 46.7
            percent (Government) and 53.3 percent (Participant) based on the
            total cost of the project in Block No. 16.a(6) of the Notice of
            Financial Assistance Award face page.

            The Government's share obligated in this agreement, in the amount of
            $1,425,057.00, is subject to the following conditions and
            limitations:

            a.    Funds in the amount of $1,425,057.00 are provided for the
                  reimbursement of the Government's share of costs associated
                  with the performance of the Statement of Work attached hereto.

            b.    The parties have 120 days to complete negotiations of the
                  Participant's proposal, dated 10-14-98, submitted in response
                  to Solicitation No. DE-SC02-98EE50525. It is the intent of the
                  Government to issue an amendment for the completion of the
                  entire scope of work, inclusive of the required 50/50 percent
                  cost share within the 120 days. If, after 120 days, an
                  agreement is not reached and an amendment not executed for
                  further work performance, the parties do hereby mutually
                  agree, that the allowable and allocable costs incurred, under
                  this cooperative agreement, shall be reimbursed on a 46.7
                  percent (Government) and 53.3 percent (Participant).
                  Notwithstanding the total costs incurred for work under this
                  agreement, the cost share to the Government shall not exceed
                  $1,425,057.00."

<PAGE>

                                                                      APPENDIX J

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DOE F 4420.1               U.S. Department of Energy       OMB Control No.
(04-83)                            Budget Page             1910-1400
All Other Editions Are Obsolete                            OMB Burden Disclosure
                         (See reverse for Instructions)    Statement on Reverse
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ORGANIZATION

SatCon Technology Corporation                          Budget Page No:    1 of 3

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR/PROJECT DIRECTOR                                                     PROJECT SUMMARY

William F. Bonnice                                                                  Requested Duration: _______ (months)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A.  SENIOR PERSONNEL: PI/PD, Co-PI's, Faculty and Other Senior Associates            DOE      COST SHARE       TOTAL
    (List each separately with title; A.6. show number in brackets)    Hrs  $/hr.   SHARE    BY APPLICANT      COSTS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>      <C>  <C>           <C>          <C>
1.  Electrical Engineering                                           2,520   n/a     100,999             0       100,999
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.  Controls Engineering                                             2,020   n/a      77,610             0        77,610
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.  Mechanical Engineering                                           2,965   n/a     119,274             0       119,274
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.  Computer Aided Design (CAD)                                      1,280   n/a      38,924             0        38,924
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.  Program Management                                                 940   n/a      45,598             0        45,598
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.  (   ) OTHERS (LIST INDIVIDUALLY ON BUDGET EXPLANATION PAGE)     14,196   n/a           0       467,674       467,674
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.  (   ) TOTAL SENIOR PERSONNEL (1-6)                              23,921   n/a    $382,405      $467,674      $850,079
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.  OTHER PERSONNEL (SHOW NUMBERS IN BRACKETS)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.  (   ) POST DOCTORAL ASSOCIATES                                       0   n/a           0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.  (   ) OTHER PROFESSIONAL (TECHNICIAN, PROGRAMMER, ETC.)          1,000   n/a      23,366             0        23,366
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.  (   ) GRADUATE STUDENTS                                              0   n/a           0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.  (   ) UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS                                         0   n/a           0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.  (   ) SECRETARIAL - CLERICAL                                         0   n/a           0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.  (   ) OTHER                                                        460   n/a      11,928             0        11,928
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL SALARIES AND WAGES (A+B)                                  25,381   n/a    $417,699      $467,674      $885,373
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
C.  FRINGE BENEFITS (IF CHARGED AS DIRECT COSTS)                                     142,018       154,333       296,351
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL SALARIES, WAGES AND FRINGE BENEFITS (A+B+C)                               $559,717      $622,007    $1,181,724
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
D.  PERMANENT EQUIPMENT (LIST ITEM AND DOLLAR AMOUNT FOR EACH ITEM.)
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
       Manufacturing and Automated Test Equipment                                          0             0             0
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
                                                                                           0             0             0
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
                                                                                           0             0             0
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
    TOTAL PERMANENT EQUIPMENT                                                             $0            $0            $0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
E.  TRAVEL                 1. DOMESTIC (INCL. CANADA AND U.S. POSSESSIONS)            20,360             0        20,360
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           2. FOREIGN                                                      0             0             0
                           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL TRAVEL                                                                     $20,360            $0       $20,360
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
F.  TRAINEE/PARTICIPANT COSTS
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
    1. STIPENDS (Itemize levels, types + totals on budget justification page)              0             0             0
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
    2. TUITION & FEES                                                                      0             0             0
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
    3. TRAINEE TRAVEL                                                                      0             0             0
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
    4. OTHER (fully explain on justification page)                                         0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL PARTICIPANTS      (   ) TOTAL COST                                              $0            $0            $0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
G.  OTHER DIRECT COSTS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    1. MATERIALS AND SUPPLIES                                                         50,000             0        50,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. PUBLICATION COSTS/DOCUMENTATION/DISSEMINATION                                       0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    3. CONSULTANT SERVICES                                                                 0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    4. COMPUTER (ADPE) SERVICES                                                            0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    5. SUBCONTRACTS                                                                   70,000             0        70,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    6. OTHER                                                                               0     1,006,688     1,006,688
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       TOTAL OTHER DIRECT COSTS                                                     $120,000    $1,006,688    $1,126,688
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
H.  TOTAL DIRECT COSTS (A THROUGH G)                                                $700,077    $1,628,695    $2,328,772
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I.  INDIRECT COSTS (SPECIFY RATE AND BASE)                        Overhead           363,398             0       363,398
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
                                                                       G&A           361,582             0       361,582
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
    TOTAL INDIRECT COSTS                                                            $724,980            $0      $724,980
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
J.  TOTAL DIRECT AND INDIRECT COSTS (H+I)                                         $1,425,057    $1,628,695    $3,053,752
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
K.  AMOUNT OF ANY REQUIRED COST SHARING FROM NON-FEDERAL SOURCES                           0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
L.  TOTAL COST OF PROJECT (J+K)                                                   $1,425,057    $1,628,695    $3,053,752
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                     DOE       APPLICANT       TOTAL
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

          Special Terms and Conditions for Financial Assistance Awards

The requirements of this attachment take precedence over all other requirements
of this award found in regulations, the general terms and conditions, DOE
orders, etc., except requirements of statutory law. Any apparent contradiction
of statutory law stated herein should be presumed to be in error until recipient
has sought and received clarification from the Contracting Officer.

1.    PAYMENT OFFICE

            CR-54/CHO
            Account Payable Division
            U. S. Department of Energy
            P.O. Box 500
            Germantown, MD 20874-0500

2.    FINANCE OFFICE

            U. S. Department of Energy
            Chicago Operations Office
            Financial Services Group
            9800 South Cass Avenue
            Argonne, Illinois 60439

3.    PAYMENT - Advance Payment under this award will be made by:

      |_|   Department of Health & Human Services (DHHS) Payment Management
            System (PMS), formerly DOE Letter of Credit.

            The recipient shall request cash only as needed for immediate
            disbursements, shall report cash disbursements in a timely manner,
            and shall impose the same standards of timing and amount, including
            reporting requirements, on secondary recipients.

      |X|   Automated Clearing House (ACH)

            An original Request for Advance or Reimbursement, SF 270, shall be
            submitted as necessary to the Payment Office specified in Section 1.
            above, and one copy of the SF 270 shall be submitted to the Contract
            Specialist specified in Block 12 of the Notice of Financial
            Assistance Award (DOE F 4600.1). The timing and amount of advances
            shall be as close as is administratively feasible to the actual
            disbursements. Such requests shall not be made in excess of
            reasonable estimates of cash outlays for a 30 day period.

            Payment under this award will be accomplished by the Payment Office
            via ACH, an electronic funds transfer. A completed "Automated
            Clearing House (ACH) Vendor Miscellaneous Payment Enrollment Form"
            must be on file with the Finance Office prior to processing your
            payment.

                                                                   SPRG-0299/APM
<PAGE>

                                     - 2 -


4.    DECONTAMINATION AND/OR DECOMMISSIONING D&D COSTS

      Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, including but not
      limited to FAR 31.205-31, when applicable, as incorporated by Financial
      Assistance Rule 600.127(a), the Government shall not be responsible for or
      have any obligation to the recipient for (i) Decontamination and/or
      Decommissioning (D&D) of any of the Recipient's facilities, or (ii) any
      costs which may be incurred by the Recipient in connection with the D&D of
      any of its facilities due to the performance of the work under this
      Agreement, whether said work was performed prior to or subsequent to the
      effective date of this Agreement.

5.    FEDERALLY-OWNED PROPERTY

      If you acquire federally-owned property under this award whether
      fabricated, furnished or purchased with Capital Equipment Funds, then a
      listing of such property shall be submitted on DOE F 4300.3, Summary
      Report of DOE-Owned Plant & Capital Equipment, to the Contracting Officer
      within 45 days after August 31 of each year and within 30 days after the
      project period ends. The report must separately identify items which were
      fabricated, furnished, or purchased with Capital Equipment funds under
      this award.

      Any Capital Equipment funds and the equipment to be purchased, fabricated,
      or furnished with such funds are indicated on Page No. 2 of the Notice of
      Financial Assistance Award.

6.    NOTICE REGARDING PURCHASE OF AMERICAN-MADE EQUIPMENT AND PRODUCTS - SENSE
      OF CONGRESS

      It is the sense of the Congress that, to the greatest extent practicable,
      all equipment and products purchased with funds made available under this
      award should be American-made.

7.    NOTICE REGARDING UNALLOWABLE COSTS AND LOBBYING ACTIVITIES

      Recipients of financial assistance are cautioned to carefully review the
      allowable cost and other provisions applicable to expenditures under their
      particular award instruments. If financial assistance funds are spent for
      purposes or in amounts inconsistent with the allowable cost or any other
      provisions governing expenditures in an award instrument, the government
      may pursue a number of remedies against the recipient, including in
      appropriate circumstances, recovery of such funds, termination of the
      award, suspension or debarment of the recipient from future awards, and
      criminal prosecution for false statements.

      Particular care should be taken by the recipient to comply with the
      provisions prohibiting the expenditure of funds for lobbying and related
      activities. Financial assistance awards may be used to describe and
      promote the understanding of scientific and technical aspects of specific
      energy technologies, but not to encourage or support political activities
      such as the collection and dissemination of information related to
      potential, planned or pending legislation

                                                                   SPRG-0299/APM
<PAGE>

                                      - 3 -


8.    ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS

      If the appropriation symbol contained in Block 14.a. of the Notice of
      Financial Assistance Award for this award is listed below, paragraph 8.a.
      is applicable to this award, otherwise paragraph 8.b. applies:

                   89X0213.9l       89X0215.91      89X0218.91
                   89X0214.9l       89X0216.91      89X0235.91

      a.    Department of Interior Appropriations Act Funding:

            1.    Lobbying Restriction (Department of Interior & Related
                  Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999)

                  The contractor or awardee agrees that none of the funds
                  obligated on this award shall be made available for any
                  activity or the publication or distribution of literature that
                  in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to
                  any legislative proposal on which Congressional action is not
                  complete. This restriction is in addition to those prescribed
                  elsewhere in statute and regulation.

            2.    Compliance With Buy American Act

                  In accepting this award, the recipient agrees to comply with
                  sections 2 through 4 of the Act of March 3, 1933 (41 U.S.C.
                  10a-10c, popularly known as the "Buy American Act"). The
                  recipient should review the provisions of the Act to ensure
                  that expenditures made under this award are in accordance with
                  it.

      b.    Energy & Water Development Appropriations Act Funding:

            Lobbying Restriction (Energy and Water Development Appropriations
            Act, 1999)

                  The contractor or awardee agrees that none of the funds
                  obligated on this award shall be expended, directly or
                  indirectly, to influence congressional action on any
                  legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress,
                  other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described
                  in 18 U.S.C. 1913. This restriction is in addition to those
                  prescribed elsewhere in statute and regulation.

9.    REPORTING

      Failure to comply with the reporting requirements contained in this award
      will be considered a material noncompliance with the terms of the award.
      Noncompliance may result in a withholding of future payments, suspension
      or termination of the current award, and withholding of future awards. A
      willful failure to perform, a history of failure to perform. or of
      unsatisfactory performance of this and/or other financial assistance
      awards, may also result in a debarment action to preclude future awards by
      Federal agencies.

                                                                   SPRG-0299/APM
<PAGE>

                          ADDITIONAL SPECIAL PROVISIONS

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

CLAUSE         SUBJECT                                                    PAGE
- ------         -------                                                    ----

1.             Cost Share Contributions                                     1

2.             Fee                                                          1

3.             Statement of Substantial Involvement                         1

4.             Technical Direction                                          2

5.             Continuation of Work                                         3

<PAGE>

                          ADDITIONAL SPECIAL PROVISIONS

1.    COST SHARE CONTRIBUTIONS

      It is the intention of the Government and the Participant to share the
      allowable and allocable costs of performance of the work during this
      Agreement as set forth herein.

      The Government's contribution and support for this Agreement during the
      project period September 30, 1999 through January 28, 1999 will be
      $1,425,057.00. The Participant will contribute $1,628,695.00 toward the
      aforementioned project period. It is the intention of the Government and
      the Participant to share the total allowable and allocable costs of
      performance during the project period on a 46.7 percent (Government) and
      53.3 percent (Participant) based on total cost of the project, see Block
      No. 16a.(6) of the Notice of Financial Assistance Award, face page. It is
      understood by the parties that the DOE share of this budget period is
      $1,425,057.00 and no additional Federal funding will be provided
      notwithstanding the total cost of the project at completion.

2.    FEE

      No fee shall be paid to the Recipient or any subaward for performance
      under this Agreement.

3.    STATEMENT OF SUBSTATIAL INVOLVEMENT

      The Department of Energy (Department, DOE) will be substantially involved
      in all Tasks of the Statement of Work. The Department will collaborate
      with the participant in evaluating, accepting, and achieving the
      milestones for research as proposed by the respondent.

      The Department will provide technical direction to the overall program, as
      well as the individual program elements as it is determined to be
      necessary and appropriate by DOE. The Department will participate during
      the full duration of the project, and will have continuing rights to
      conduct ongoing negotiations with the participant regarding the technical
      direction of the work conducted under this Agreement. The Department staff
      members will attend meetings and participate in the formation and
      direction of scope of the key development activities. The DOE Project
      Officer will participate in the development, review and approval of all
      proposed statements of work, including subcontractor statements of work,
      prior to the execution of any subcontract. The Department will review
      technical progress reports and provide input to these reports as deemed
      necessary. In addition, the Department will have the right to have
      National Laboratories or selected private organizations perform
      independent tests and evaluations of the cooperative agreement's
      deliverables, thus providing an additional measure of technical progress.


                                       1
<PAGE>

      The Department may collaborate with the participant in the allocation of
      funds budgeted for this Agreement. Further, as work progresses, funding
      needs may change and depending upon availability of funds, the Department
      may collaborate with the participant to reallocate funds budgeted between
      the different programs and projects.

      The Department will thus be actively monitoring all phases of the
      participant's research and development activities, including participation
      in the participant's reviews of its contractor's activities and review of
      the contractor's reports to the participant. The Department will actively
      participate in the participant's process of reviewing and approving each
      phase of the proposed programs and projects.

      The substantial involvement by the Department under this Agreement will
      remain in effect for the term of the cooperative agreement award unless
      otherwise amended in writing by the Contracting Officer. Moreover, this
      statement of substantial involvement by the Department does not increase
      the Department of Energy's liability under the Agreement award.

4.    TECHNICAL DIRECTION

      A.    The work to be performed by the Participant under this Cooperative
            Agreement is subject to the surveillance and written Technical
            Direction of a "DOE Project Officer," identified in block 11 of the
            face page. The term "Technical Direction" is defined to include,
            without limitation, the following:

            1.    Directions to the Participant which redirects the work effort,
                  shifts work emphasis between work areas or tasks, require
                  pursuit of certain lines of inquiry, fill in details or
                  otherwise provide technical guidance to the Participant in
                  order to accomplish the tasks and requirements stated in the
                  Statement of Work as contained in the agreement.

            2.    Provision of information to the Participant which assists in
                  the interpretation of drawings, specifications or technical
                  portions of the Statement of Work as contained in the
                  Agreement.

            3.    Review and, where required by the Cooperative Agreement,
                  approval of technical reports, drawings, specifications or
                  technical information to be delivered by the Participant to
                  DOE under the Cooperative Agreement.

            4.    The DOE Project Officer shall monitor the Participant's
                  performance with respect to compliance with the requirements
                  of this Cooperative Agreement.

      B.    Technical direction and management surveillance shall not impose
            tasks or requirements upon the Participant additional to or
            different from the tasks and requirements stated in the Statement of
            Work of this Agreement. The Technical Direction to be valid:

            1.    Must be issued in writing consistent with the tasks and
                  requirements stated in the Statement of Work of this
                  Agreement; and


                                       2
<PAGE>

            2.    May not:

                  a.    constitute an assignment of additional work outside the
                        tasks and requirements stated in the Statement of Work
                        of this Agreement;

                  b.    in any manner cause an increase or decrease in the total
                        estimated project cost or the time required for project
                        performance;

                  c.    change any of the expressed terms, conditions or
                        specification of the Cooperative Agreement; or

                  d.    accept non-conforming work.

      C.    The Participant shall proceed promptly with the performance of
            Technical Directions duly issued by the DOE Project Officer in the
            manner prescribed by paragraph B. above and which are within his
            authority under the provisions of paragraph A. above; provided,
            however, that the Participant shall immediately cease the
            performance of any Technical Direction upon receipt of a written
            instruction to that effect from the Contracting Officer.

      D.    If in the opinion of the Participant any Technical Direction issued
            by the DOE Project Officer is within one of the categories as
            defined in B.2b. (a) through (d) above, the Participant shall not
            proceed but shall notify the Contracting Officer in writing within
            five working days after the receipt of any such Technical Direction
            and shall request the Contracting Officer to rescind such direction
            or mutually agree to modify the agreement accordingly.

      E.    The only persons authorized to give Technical Direction to the
            Participant under this Agreement are the Contracting Officer and any
            "DOE Project Officer" as listed in Block 11 of the face page. Any
            action taken by the Participant in response to any direction given
            by any person other than the Contracting Officer or DOE Project
            Officer shall not be binding upon the Government.

5.    CONTINUATION OF WORK

      There will be an evaluation of the progress near the end of the project
      period to determine to either continue, redirect, or terminate the
      project.



                                       3
<PAGE>

                        Intellectual Property Provisions
                    Research, Development, or Demonstration
              Domestic Small Business and Nonprofit Organizations

01.   FAR 52.227-1     Authorization and Consent (JUL 1995), Alternate I

02.   FAR 52.227-2     Notice and Assistance Regarding Patent and Copyright
                          Infringement (AUG 1996)
                          This clause is not applicable if the award is for
                          less than $100,000.

03.   FAR 52.227-14    Rights in Data - General, as modified by DEAR 927.409
                          (Effective Apr 1998)
                          If this award requires the use or delivery of
                          limited rights data and/or restricted computer
                          software, Alternates II and III are incorporated,
                          unless modified upon recommendation of Patent
                          Counsel.
                          In acquisition awards for basic or applied
                          research with educational institutions, paragraph
                          (d)(3) is replaced with Alternate IV, unless
                          software is specified for delivery or other
                          special circumstances exist.

04.   FAR 52.227-16    Additional Data Requirements (JUN 1987)

05.   FAR 52.227-23    Rights to Proposal Data (Technical) (JUN 1987)

06.   DEAR 952.227-9   Refund of Royalties (MAR 1995)

07.   DEAR 952.227-11  Patent Rights -- Retention by Contractor (Short Form)(MAR
                          1995)

Attachment 1 (for reference only):   Patent Rights -- Acquisition by the
                                     Government (MAR 1995); DEAR 952.227-13

                                                                        SBNP-498
<PAGE>

01.   FAR 52-227-1 Authorization and Consent; Alternate I

      AUTHORIZATION AND CONSENT (JUL 1995)

(a) The Government authorizes and consents to all use and manufacture of any
invention described in and covered by a United States patent in the performance
of this contract or any subcontract at any tier.

(b) The Contractor agrees to include, and require inclusion of, this clause,
suitably modified to identify the parties, in all subcontracts at any tier for
supplies or services (including construction, architect-engineer services, and
materials, supplies, models, samples, and design or testing services expected to
exceed the simplified acquisition threshold); however, omission of this clause
from any subcontract, including those at or below the simplified acquisition
threshold, does not affect this authorization and consent.

(End of clause)

02.   FAR 52.227-2 Notice and Assistance Regarding Patent and Copyright
      Infringement

      NOTICE AND ASSISTANCE REGARDING PATENT AND COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT (AUG
      1996)

(a) The Contractor shall report to the Contracting Officer, promptly and in
reasonable written detail, each notice or claim of patent or copyright
infringement based on the performance of this contract of which the Contractor
has knowledge.

(b) In the event of any claim or suit against the Government on account of any
alleged patent or copyright infringement arising out of the performance of this
contract or out of the use of any supplies furnished or work or services
performed under this contract, the Contractor shall furnish to the Government,
when requested by the Contracting Officer, all evidence and information in
possession of the Contractor pertaining to such suit or claim. Such evidence and
information shall be furnished at the expense of the Government except where the
Contractor has agreed to indemnify the Government.

(c) The Contractor agrees to include, and require inclusion of, this clause in
all subcontracts at any tier for supplies or services (including construction
and architect-engineer subcontracts and those for material, supplies, models,
samples, or design or testing services) expected to exceed the simplified
acquisition threshold at FAR 2.101.

(End of clause)

03.   FAR 52.227-14 Rights in Data - General, as modified by DEAR 927.409
      (Effective Apr 1998)

      RIGHTS IN DATA - GENERAL (JUN 1987)

(a)   Definitions.
      (1) Computer data bases, as used in this clause, means a collection of
data in a form capable of, and for the purpose of, being stored in, processed,
and operated on by a computer. The term does not include computer software.
      (2) Computer software, as used in this clause, means (i) computer programs
which are data comprising a series of instructions, rules, routines, or
statements, regardless of the media in which recorded, that allow or cause a
computer to perform a specific operation or series of operations and (ii) data
comprising source code listings, design details, algorithms, processes, flow
charts, formulae, and related material that would enable the computer program to
be produced, created, or compiled. The term does not include computer data
bases.
      (3) Data, as used in this clause, means recorded information, regardless
of form or the media on which it may be recorded. The term includes technical
data and computer software. For the purposes of this clause, the term does not
include data incidental to the administration of this contract, such as
financial, administrative, cost and pricing, or management information.
      (4) Form, fit, and function data, as used in this clause, means data
relating to items, components, or processes that are sufficient to enable
physical and functional interchangeability, as well as data identifying source,
size, configuration, mating, and attachment characteristics, functional
characteristics, and performance requirements; except that for computer software
it means data identifying source, functional characteristics, and


                                        1
<PAGE>

performance requirements but specifically excludes the source code, algorithm,
process, formulae, and flow charts of the software.
      (5) Limited rights data, as used in this clause, means data, other than
computer software, developed at private expense that embody trade secrets or are
commercial or financial and confidential or privileged. The Government's rights
to use, duplicate, or disclose limited rights data are as set forth in the
Limited Rights Notice of subparagraph (g)(2) of this section if included in this
clause.
      (6) Restricted computer software, as used in this clause, means computer
software developed at private expense and that is a trade secret; is commercial
or financial and is confidential or privileged; or is published copyrighted
computer software, including minor modifications of any such computer software.
The Government's rights to use, duplicate, or disclose restricted computer
software are as set forth in the Restricted Rights Notice of subparagraph (g)(3)
of this section if included in this clause.
      (7) Technical data, as used in this clause, means recorded data,
regardless of form or characteristic, that are of a scientific or technical
nature. Technical data does not include computer software, but does include
manuals and instructional materials and technical data formatted as a computer
data base.
      (8) Unlimited rights, as used in this clause, means the rights of the
Government to use, disclose, reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute
copies to the public, including by electronic means, and perform publicly and
display publicly, in any manner, including by electronic means, and for any
purpose whatsoever, and to have or permit others to do so.

(b)   Allocation of rights.
      (1) Except as provided in paragraph (c) below regarding copyright, the
Government shall have unlimited rights in:
            (i) Data first produced in the performance of this contract;
            (ii) Form, fit, and function data delivered under this contract;
            (iii) Data delivered under this contract (except for restricted
computer software) that constitute manuals or instructional and training
material for installation, operation, or routine maintenance and repair items,
components, or processes delivered or furnished for use under this contract; and
            (iv) All other data delivered under this contract unless provided
otherwise for limited rights data or restricted computer software in accordance
with paragraph (g) below.
      (2) The Contractor shall have the right to:
            (i) Use, release to others, reproduce, distribute, or publish any
data first produced or specifically used the Contractor in the performance of
this contract, unless provided otherwise in paragraph (d) below;
            (ii) Protect from unauthorized disclosure and use those data which
are limited rights data or restricted computer software to the extent provided
in paragraph (g) below;
            (iii) Substantiate use of, add or correct limited rights, restricted
rights, or copyright notices and to take other appropriate action, in accordance
with paragraphs (e) and (f) below; and
            (iv) Establish claim to copyright subsisting in data first produced
in the performance of this contract to the extent provided in subparagraph
(c)(1) below.

(c)   Copyright.
      (1) Data first produced in the performance of this contract. Unless
provided otherwise in subparagraph (d) below, the Contractor may establish,
without prior approval of the Contracting Officer, claim to copyright subsisting
in scientific and technical articles based on or containing data first produced
in the performance of this contract and published in academic, technical or
professional journals, symposia proceedings or similar works. The prior, express
written permission of the Contracting Officer is required to establish claim to
copyright subsisting in all other data first produced in the performance of this
contract. When claim to copyright is made, the Contractor shall affix the
applicable copyright notices of 17 U.S.C. 401 or 402 and acknowledgment of
Government sponsorship (including contract number) to the data when such data
are delivered to the Government, as well as when the data are published or
deposited for registration as a published work in the U.S. Copyright Office. For
data other than computer software the Contractor grants to the Government, and
others acting on its behalf, a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable worldwide
license in such copyrighted data to reproduce, prepare derivative works,
distribute copies to the public, and perform publicly and display publicly, by
or on behalf of the Government. For computer software, the Contractor grants to
the Government and others acting in its behalf, a paid-up nonexclusive,
irrevocable worldwide license in such copyrighted computer software to
reproduce, prepare derivative works, and perform publicly and display publicly
by or on behalf of the Government.
      (2) Data not first produced in the performance of this contract. The
Contractor shall not, without prior written permission of the Contracting
Officer, incorporate in data delivered under this contract any data not first
produced in the performance of this contract and which contains the copyright
notice of 17 U.S.C. 401 and 402,


                                        2
<PAGE>

unless the Contractor identifies such data and grants to the Government, or
acquires on its behalf, a license of the same scope as set forth in subparagraph
(1) above; provided, however, that if such data are computer software the
Government shall acquire a copyright license as set forth in subparagraph (g)(3)
below if included in this contract or as otherwise may be provided in a
collateral agreement incorporated in or made part of this contract.
      (3) Removal of copyright notices. The Government agrees not to remove any
copyright notices place on data pursuant to this paragraph (c), and to include
such notices on all reproductions of the data.

(d)   Release, publication and use of data.
      (1) The Contractor shall have the right to use, release to others,
reproduce, distribute, or publish any data first produced or specifically used
by the Contractor in the performance of this contract, except to the extent such
data may be subject to the Federal export control or national security laws or
regulations, or unless otherwise provided below in this paragraph or expressly
set forth in this contract.
      (2) The Contractor agrees that to the extent it receives or is given
access to data necessary for the performance of this contract which contain
restrictive markings, the Contractor shall treat the data in accordance with
such markings unless otherwise specifically authorized in writing by the
Contracting Officer.
      (3) The Contractor agrees not to assert copyright in computer software
first produced in the performance of this contract without prior written
permission of the DOE Patent Counsel assisting the contracting activity. When
such permission is granted, the Patent Counsel shall specify appropriate terms,
conditions, and submission requirements to assure utilization, dissemination,
and commercialization of the data. The Contractor, when requested, shall
promptly deliver to Patent Counsel a duly executed and approved instrument fully
confirmatory of all rights to which the Government is entitled.

(e)   Unauthorized marking of data.
      (1) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this contract concerning
inspection or acceptance, if any data delivered under this contract are marked
with the notices specified in subparagraphs (g)(2) or (g)(3) below and use of
such is not authorized by this clause, or if such data bears any other
restrictive or limiting markings not authorized by this contract, the
Contracting Officer may at any time either return the data to the Contractor, or
cancel or ignore the markings. However, the following procedures shall apply
prior to canceling or ignoring the markings.
            (i) The Contracting Officer shall make written inquiry to the
contractor affording the Contractor 30 days from receipt of the inquiry to
provide written justification to substantiate the propriety of the markings;
            (ii) If the Contractor fails to respond or fails to provide written
justification to substantiate the propriety of the markings within the 30-day
period (or a longer time not exceeding 90 days approved in writing by the
Contracting Officer for good cause shown), the Government shall have the right
to cancel or ignore the markings at any time after said period and the data will
not longer be made subject to any disclosure prohibitions.
            (iii) If the Contractor provides written justification to
substantiate the propriety of the markings within the period set in subdivision
(i) above, the Contracting Officer shall consider such written justification and
determine whether or not the markings are to be canceled or ignore. If the
Contracting Officer determines that the markings are authorized, the Contractor
shall be so notified in writing. If the Contracting Officer determines, with
concurrence of the Head of the Contracting Activity, that the markings are not
authorized, the Contracting Officer shall furnish the Contractor a written
determination, which determination shall become the final agency decision
regarding the appropriateness of the markings unless the Contractor files suit
in a court of competent jurisdiction within 90 days of receipt of the
Contracting Officer's decision. The Government shall continue to abide by the
markings under this subdivision (iii) until final resolution of the matter
either by the Contracting Officer's determination becoming final (in which
instance the Government shall thereafter have the right to cancel or ignore the
markings at any time and the data will no longer be made subject to any
disclosure prohibitions), or by final disposition of the matter by court
decision if suit is filed.
      (2) The time limits in the procedures set forth in subparagraph (1) above
may be modified in accordance with agency regulations implementing the Freedom
of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552) if necessary to respond to a request
thereunder.
      (3) This paragraph (e) does not apply if this contract is for a major
system or for support of a major system by a civilian agency other than NASA and
the U.S. Coast Guard subject to the provisions of Title III of the Federal
Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949.
      (4) Except to the extent the Government's action occurs as the result of
final disposition of the matter by a court of competent jurisdiction, the
Contractor is not precluded by this paragraph (e) from bringing a claim under
the Contract Disputes Act, including pursuant to the Disputes clause of this
contract, as applicable, that may arise as the result of the Government removing
or ignoring authorized markings on data delivered under this contract.


                                        3
<PAGE>

(f)   Omitted or incorrect markings.
      (1) Data delivered to the Government without either the limited rights or
restricted rights notice as authorized by paragraph (g) below, or the copyright
notice required by paragraph (c) above, shall be deemed to have been furnished
with unlimited rights, and the Government assumes no liability for disclosure,
use, or reproduction of such data. However, to the extent the data has not been
disclosed without restriction outside the Government, the Contractor may
request, within 6 months (or a longer time approved by the Contracting Officer
for good cause shown) after delivery of such data, permission to have notices
placed on qualifying data at the Contractor's expense, and the Contracting
Officer may agree to do so if the Contractor:
            (i) Identifies the data to which the omitted notice is to be
applied;
            (ii) Demonstrates that the omission of the notice was inadvertent;
            (iii) Establishes that the use of the proposed notice is authorized;
and
            (iv) Acknowledges that the Government has no liability with respect
to the disclosure, use, or reproduction of any such data made prior to the
addition of the notice or resulting from the omission of the notice.
      (2) The Contracting Officer may also (i) permit correction at the
Contractor's expense of incorrect notices if the Contractor identifies the data
on which correction of the notice is to be made, and demonstrates that the
correct notice is authorized, or (ii) correct any incorrect notices.

(g)   Protection of limited rights data and restricted computer software.
      (1) When data other than that listed in subparagraphs (b)(1)(i), (ii), and
(iii) above are specified to be delivered under this contract and qualify as
either limited rights data or restricted computer software, if the Contractor
desires to continue protection of such data, the Contractor shall withhold such
data and not furnish them to the Government under this Contract. As a condition
to this withholding, the Contractor shall identify the data being withheld and
furnish form, fit, and function data in lieu thereof. Limited rights data that
are formatted as a computer data base for delivery to the Government is to be
treated as limited rights data and not restricted computer software.

      (2) [Reserved.]

      (3) [Reserved.]

(h)   Subcontracting.
      The Contractor has the responsibility to obtain from its subcontractors
all data and rights therein necessary to fulfill the Contractor's obligations to
the Government under this contract. If a subcontractor refuses to accept terms
affording the Government such rights, the Contractor shall promptly bring such
refusal to the attention of the Contracting Officer and not proceed with
subcontract award without further authorization.

(i)   Relationship to patents.
      Nothing contained in this clause shall imply a license to the Government
under any patent or be construed as affecting the scope of any license or other
right otherwise granted to the Government.

(j)   The Contractor agrees, except as may be otherwise specified in this
contract for specific data items listed as not subject to this paragraph, that
the Contracting Officer or an authorized representative may, up to three years
after acceptance of all items to be delivered under this contract, inspect at
the Contractor's facility any data withheld pursuant to paragraph (g)(1) above,
for purposes of verifying the Contractor's assertion pertaining to the limited
rights or restricted rights status of the data or for evaluating work
performance. Where the Contractor whose data are to be inspected demonstrates to
the Contracting Officer that there would be a possible conflict of interest if
the inspection where made by a particular representative, the Contracting
Officer shall designate an alternate inspector.

(End of clause)

Alternate II (Jun 1987)

      (g)(2) Notwithstanding subparagraph (g)(1) of this clause, the contract
may identify and specify the delivery of limited rights data, or the Contracting
Officer may require by written request the delivery of limited rights data that
has been withheld or would otherwise be withholdable. If delivery of such data
is so required, the Contract


                                        4
<PAGE>

may affix the following "Limited Rights Notice" to the data and the Government
will thereafter treat the data, subject to the provisions of paragraphs (e) and
(f) of this clause, in accordance with such Notice:

                        LIMITED RIGHTS NOTICE (JUN 1987)

      (a) These data are submitted with limited rights under Government contract
No. ____________ (and subcontract No. __________, if appropriate). These data
may be reproduced and used by the Government with the express limitation that
they will not, without written permission of the Contractor, be used for
purposes of manufacture nor disclosed outside the Government; except that the
Government may disclose these data outside the Government for the following
purposes, if any, provided that the Government makes such disclosure subject to
prohibition against further use and disclosure:
      -[Agencies may list additional purposes as set forth in 27.404(d)(1) or if
        none, so state]
      (b) This Notice shall be marked on any reproduction of these data, in
          whole or in part.
                                 (End of notice)

Alternate III (Jun 1987)

      (g)(3)(i) Notwithstanding subparagraph (g)(1) of this clause, the contract
may identify and specify the delivery of restricted computer software, or the
Contracting Officer may require by written request the delivery of restricted
computer software that has been withheld or would otherwise be withholdable. If
delivery of such computer software is so required, the Contractor may affix the
following "Restricted Rights Notice" to the computer software and the Government
will thereafter treat the computer software, subject to paragraphs (e) and (f)
of this clause, in accordance with the Notice:

                       RESTRICTED RIGHTS NOTICE (JUN 1987)

      (a) This computer software is submitted with restricted rights under
Government Contract No. ____________ (and subcontract ___________, if
appropriate). It may not be used, reproduced, or disclosed by the Government
except as provided in paragraph (b) of this Notice or as otherwise expressly
stated in the contract.
      (b) This computer software may be:
            (1) Used or copied for use in or with the computer or computers for
which it was acquired, including use at any Government installation to which
such computer or computers may be transferred;
            (2) Used or copied for use in a backup computer if any computer for
which it was acquired is inoperative;
            (3) Reproduced for safekeeping (archives) or backup purposes;
            (4) Modified, adapted, or combined with other computer software,
provided that the modified, combined, or adapted portions of the derivative
software incorporating restricted computer software are made subject to the same
restricted rights;
            (5) Disclosed to and reproduced for use by support service
Contractors in accordance with subparagraphs (b)(1) through (4) of this clause,
provided the Government makes such disclosure or reproduction subject to these
restricted rights; and
            (6) Used or copied for use in or transferred to a replacement
computer.
      (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this computer software is published
copyrighted computer software, it is licensed to the Government, without
disclosure prohibitions, with the minimum rights set forth in paragraph (b) of
this clause.
      (d) Any others rights or limitations regarding the use, duplication, or
disclosure of this computer software are to be expressly stated in, or
incorporated in, the contract.
      (e) This Notice shall be marked on any reproduction of this computer
software, in whole or in part.
(End of notice)

      (ii) Where it is impractical to include the Restricted Rights Notice on
restricted computer software, the following short-form Notice may be used in
lieu thereof:

                 RESTRICTED RIGHTS NOTICE SHORT FORM (JUN 1987)

      Use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to restrictions set forth in
      Contract No. ____________________ (and subcontract _________, if
      appropriate) with _________________ (name of Contractor and
      subcontractor)."
                                 (End of notice)


                                       5
<PAGE>

      (iii) If restricted computer software is delivered with the copyright
notice of 17 U.S.C. 401, it will be presumed to be published copyrighted
computer software licensed to the Government without disclosure prohibitions,
with the minimum rights set forth in paragraph (b) of this clause, unless the
Contractor includes the following statement with such copyright notice:
"Unpublished-rights reserved under the Copyright Laws of the United States."

Alternate IV (Jun 1987)

(c) Copyright--(1) Data first produced in the performance of the contract.
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this contract, the Contractor may
establish claim to copyright subsisting in any data first produced in the
performance of this contract. When claim to copyright is made, the Contractor
shall affix the applicable copyright notice of 17 U.S.C. 401 or 402 and
acknowledgment of Government sponsorship (including contract number) to the data
when such data are delivered to the Government, as well as when the data are
published or deposited for registration as a published work in the U.S.
Copyright Office. For data other than computer software, the Contractor grants
to the Government, and others acting on its behalf, a paid-up, nonexclusive,
irrevocable, worldwide license for all such data to reproduce, prepare
derivative works, distribute copies to the public, and perform publicly and
display publicly, by or on behalf of the Government. For computer software, the
Contractor grants to the Government and others acting on its behalf, a paid up,
nonexclusive, irrevocable worldwide license for all such computer software to
reproduce, prepare derivative works, and perform publicly and display publicly,
by or on behalf of the Government. (End of notice)

04.   FAR 52.227-16 Additional Data Requirements

      ADDITIONAL DATA REQUIREMENTS (JUN 1987)

(a) In addition to the data (as defined in the clause at 52.227-14, Rights in
Data-General clause or other equivalent included in this contract) specified
elsewhere in this contract to be delivered, the Contracting Officer may, at any
time during contract performance or within a period of 3 years after acceptance
of all items to be delivered under this contract, order any data first produced
or specifically used in the performance of this contract.

(b) The Rights in Data-General clause or other equivalent included in this
contract is applicable to all data ordered under this Additional Data
Requirements clause. Nothing contained in this clause shall require the
Contractor to deliver any data the withholding of which is authorized by the
Rights in Data-General or other equivalent clause of this contract, or data
which are specifically identified in this contract as not subject to this
clause.

(c) When data are to be delivered under this clause, the Contractor will be
compensated for converting the data into the prescribed form, for reproduction,
and for delivery.

(d) The Contracting Officer may release the Contractor from the requirements of
this clause for specifically identified data items at any time during the 3-year
period set forth in paragraph (a) of this clause.

(End of clause)

05.   FAR 52.227-23 Rights to Proposal Data

RIGHTS TO PROPOSAL DATA (TECHNICAL)(JUN 1987)

Except for data contained on pages ______, it is agreed that as a condition of
award of this contract, and notwithstanding the conditions of any notice
appearing thereon, the Government shall have unlimited rights (as defined in the
"Rights in Data--General" clause contained in this contract) in and to the
technical data contained in the proposal dated _________________, upon which
this contract is based.

06.   DEAR 952.227-9 Refund of Royalties


                                        6
<PAGE>

      REFUND OF ROYALTIES (FEB 1995)

(a) The contract price includes certain amounts for royalties payable by the
Contractor or subcontractors or both, which amounts have been reported to the
Contracting Officer.

(b) The term "royalties" as used in this clause refers to any costs or charges
in the nature of royalties, license fees, patent or license amortization costs,
or the like, for the use of or for rights in patents and patent applications in
connection with performing this contract or any subcontract here-under. The term
also includes any costs or charges associated with the access to, use of, or
other right pertaining to data that is represented to be proprietary and is
related to the performance of this contract or the copying of such data or data
that is copyrighted.

(c) The Contractor shall furnish to the Contracting Officer, before final
payment under this contract, a statement of royalties paid or required to be
paid in connection with performing this contract and subcontracts hereunder
together with the reasons.

(d) The Contractor will be compensated for royalties reported under paragraph
(c) of this clause, only to the extent that such royalties were included in the
contract price and are determined by the Contracting Officer to be properly
chargeable to the Government and allocable to the contract. To the extent that
any royalties that are included in the contract price are not, in fact, paid by
the Contractor or are determined by the Contracting Officer not to be properly
chargeable to the government and allocable to the contract, the contract price
shall be reduced. Repayment or credit to the Government shall be made as the
Contracting Officer directs. The approval by DOE of any individual payments or
royalties shall not prevent the Government from contesting at any time the
enforceability, validity, scope of, or title to, any patent or the proprietary
nature of data pursuant to which a royalty or other payment is to be or has been
made.

(e) If, at any time within 3 years after final payment under this contract, the
Contractor for any reason is relieved in whole or in part from the payment of
the royalties included in the final contract price as adjusted pursuant to
paragraph (d) of this clause, the Contractor shall promptly notify the
Contracting Officer of that fact and shall reimburse the Government in a
corresponding amount.

(f) The substance of this clause, including this paragraph (f), shall be
included in any subcontract in which the amount of royalties reported during
negotiation of the subcontract exceeds $250.

(End of clause)

07.   DEAR 952.227-11 Patent Rights - Retention by the Contractor (short form)

      PATENT RIGHTS - RETENTION BY THE CONTRACTOR (SHORT FORM) (FEB 1995)

(a)   Definitions.

      (1) "Invention" means any invention or discovery which is or may be
patentable or otherwise protectable under title 35 of the United States Code, or
any novel variety of plant which is or may be protected under the Plant Variety
Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 2321, et seq.).

      (2) "Made" when used in relation to any invention means the conception of
first actual reduction to practice of such invention.

      (3) "Nonprofit organization" means a university or other institution of
higher education or an organization of the type described in section 501(c)(3)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (26 U.S.C. 501(c)) and exempt from taxation
under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (26 U.S.C. 501(a)) or any
nonprofit scientific or educational organization qualified under a state
nonprofit organization statute.

      (4) "Practical application" means to manufacture, in the case of a
composition or product; to practice, in the case of a process or method; or to
operate, in the case of a machine or system; and, in each case, under such
conditions as to establish that the invention is being utilized and that is
benefits are, to the extent permitted by law or Government regulations,
available to the public on reasonable terms.


                                       7
<PAGE>

      (5) "Small business firm" means a small business concern as defined at
section 2 of Pub. L. 85-536 (15 U.S.C. 632) and implementing regulations of the
Administrator of the Small Business Administration. For the purpose of this
clause, the size standards for small business concerns involved in Government
procurement and subcontracting at 13 CFR 121.3-8 and 13 CFR 121.3-12,
respectively, will be used.

      (6) "Subject invention" means any invention of the contractor conceived or
first actually reduced to practice in the performance of work under this
contract, provided that in the case of a variety of plant, the date of
determination (as defined in section 41(d) of the Plant Variety Protection Act,
7 U S.C. 2401(d)) must also occur during the period of contract performance.

      (7) "Agency licensing regulations" and "agency regulations concerning the
licensing of Government-owned inventions" mean the Department of Energy patent
licensing regulations at 10 CFR Part 781.

(b) Allocation of principal rights. The Contractor may retain the entire right,
title, and interest throughout the world to each subject invention subject to
the provisions of this clause and 35 U.S.C. 203. With respect to any subject
invention in which the Contractor retains title, the Federal Government shall
have a nonexclusive, nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up license to practice
or have practiced for or on behalf of the United States the subject invention
throughout the world.

(c) Invention disclosure, election of title, and filing of patent application by
Contractor.

      (1) The Contractor will disclose each subject invention to the Department
of Energy (DOE) within 2 months after the inventor discloses it in writing to
Contractor personnel responsible for patent matters. The disclosure to DOE shall
be in the form of a written report and shall identify the contract under which
the invention was made and the inventor(s). It shall be sufficiently complete in
technical detail to convey clear understanding to the extent known at the time
of the disclosure, of the nature, purpose, operation, and the physical,
chemical, biological or electrical characteristics of the invention. The
disclosure shall also identify any publication, on sale or public use of the
invention and whether a manuscript describing the invention has been submitted
for publication and, if so, whether it has been accepted for publication at the
time of disclosure. In addition, after disclosure to the DOE, the Contractor
will promptly notify that agency of the acceptance of any manuscript describing
the invention for publication or of any on sale or public use planned by the
Contractor.

      (2) The Contractor will elect in writing whether or not to retain title to
any such invention by notifying DOE within 2 years of disclosure to DOE.
However, in any case where publication, on sale or public use has initiated the
1-year statutory period wherein valid patent protection can still be obtained in
the United States, the period for election of title may be shortened by DOE to a
date that is no more than 60 days prior to the end of the statutory period.

      (3) The Contractor will file its initial patent application on a subject
invention to which it elects to retain title within 1 year after election of
title or, if earlier, prior to the end of any statutory period wherein valid
patent protection can be obtained in the United States after a publication, on
sale, or public use. The Contractor will file patent applications in additional
countries or international patent offices within either 10 months of the
corresponding initial patent application or 6 months from the date permission is
granted by the Commissioner of Patents and Trademarks to file foreign patent
applications where such filing has been prohibited by a Secrecy Order.

      (4) Requests for extension of the time for disclosure, election, and
filing under subparagraphs (c)(l), (2), and (3) of this clause may, at the
discretion of the agency, be granted.

(d) Conditions when the Government may obtain title. The Contractor will convey
to the Federal agency, upon written request, title to any subject invention--

      (1) If the Contractor fails to disclose or elect title to the subject
invention within the times specified in paragraph (c) of this clause, or elects
not to retain title; provided, that DOE may only request title within 60 days
after learning of the failure of the Contractor to disclose or elect within the
specified times.

      (2) In those countries in which the Contractor fails to file patent
applications within the times specified in paragraph (c) of this clause;
provided, however, that if the Contractor has filed a patent application in a
country


                                        8
<PAGE>

after the times specified in paragraph (c) of this clause, but prior to its
receipt of the written request of the Federal agency, the Contractor shall
continue to retain title in that country.

      (3) In any country in which the Contractor decides not to continue the
prosecution of any application for, to pay the maintenance fees on, or defend in
reexamination or opposition proceeding on, a patent on a subject invention.

(e) Minimum rights to Contractor and protection of the Contractor right to file.

      (1) The Contractor will retain a nonexclusive royalty-free license
throughout the world in each subject invention to which the Government obtains
title, except if the Contractor fails to disclose the invention within the times
specified in paragraph (c) of this clause. The Contractor's license extends to
its domestic subsidiary and affiliates, if any, within the corporate structure
of which the Contractor is a party and includes the right to grant sublicenses
of the same scope to the extent the Contractor was legally obligated to do so at
the time the contract was awarded. The license is transferable only with the
approval of the Federal agency, except when transferred to the successor of that
part of the Contractor's business to which the invention pertains.

      (2) The Contractor's domestic license may be revoked or modified by DOE to
the extent necessary to achieve expeditious practical application of subject
invention pursuant to an application for an exclusive license submitted in
accordance with applicable provisions at 37 CFR Part 404 and agency licensing
regulations. This license will not be revoked in that field of use or the
geographical areas in which the Contractor has achieved practical application
and continues to make the benefits of the invention reasonably accessible to the
public. The license in any foreign country may be revoked or modified at the
discretion of DOE to the extent the Contractor, its licensees, or the domestic
subsidiaries or affiliates have failed to achieve practical application in that
foreign country.

      (3) Before revocation or modification of the license, DOE will furnish the
Contractor a written notice of its intention to revoke or modify the license,
and the Contractor will be allowed 30 days (or such other time as may be
authorized by DOE for good cause shown by the Contractor) after the notice to
show cause why the license should not be revoked or modified. The Contractor has
the right to appeal, in accordance with applicable regulations in 37 CFR Part
404 and agency regulations concerning the licensing of Government owned
inventions, any decision concerning the revocation or modification of the
license.

(f) Contractor action to protect the Government's interest.

      (1) The Contractor agrees to execute or to have executed and promptly
deliver to DOE all instruments necessary to (i) establish or confirm the rights
the Government has throughout the world in those subject inventions to which the
Contractor elects to retain title, and (ii) convey title to DOE when requested
under paragraph (d) of this clause and to enable the government to obtain patent
protection throughout the world in that subject invention.

      (2) The Contractor agrees to require, by written agreement, its employees,
other than clerical and nontechnical employees, to disclose promptly in writing
to personnel identified as responsible for the administration of patent matters
and in a format suggested by the Contractor each subject invention made under
contract in order that the Contractor can comply with the disclosure provisions
of paragraph (c) of this clause, and to execute all papers necessary to file
patent applications on subject inventions and to establish the Government's
rights in the subject inventions. This disclosure format should require, as a
minimum, the information required by subparagraph (c)(1) of this clause. The
Contractor shall instruct such employees, through employee agreements or other
suitable educational programs, on the importance of reporting inventions in
sufficient time to permit the filing of patent applications prior to U.S. or
foreign statutory bars.

      (3) The Contractor will notify DOE of any decision not to continue the
prosecution of a patent application, pay maintenance fees, or defend in a
reexamination or opposition proceeding on a patent, in any country, not less
than 30 days before the expiration of the response period required by the
relevant patent office.

      (4) The Contractor agrees to include, within the specification of any
United States patent application and any patent issuing thereon covering a
subject invention, the following statement, "This invention was made with
Government support under (identify the contract) awarded by the United States
Department of Energy. The Government has certain rights in the invention."


                                        9
<PAGE>

(g) Subcontracts.

      (1) The Contractor will include this clause, suitably modified to identify
the parties, in all subcontracts, regardless of tier, for experimental,
developmental, or research work to be performed by a small business firm or
domestic nonprofit organization. The subcontractor will retain all rights
provided for the Contractor in this clause, and the Contractor will not, as part
of the consideration for awarding the subcontract, obtain rights in the
subcontractor's subject inventions.

      (2) The contractor shall include in all other subcontracts, regardless of
tier, for experimental, developmental, demonstration, or research work the
patent rights clause at 952.227-13.

      (3) In the case of subcontracts, at any tier, DOE, subcontractor, and the
Contractor agree that the mutual obligations of the parties created by this
clause constitute a contract between the subcontractor and DOE with respect to
the matters covered by the clause; provided, however, that nothing in this
paragraph is intended to confer any jurisdiction under the Contract Disputes Act
in connection with proceedings under paragraph (j) of this clause.

(h) Reporting on utilization of subject inventions. The Contractor agrees to
submit on request, periodic reports no more frequently than annually on the
utilization of a subject invention or on efforts at obtaining such utilization
that are being made by the Contractor or its licensees or assignees. Such
reports shall include information regarding the status of development, date of
first commercial sale or use, gross royalties received, by the Contractor, and
such other data and information as DOE may reasonably specify. The Contractor
also agrees to provide additional reports as may be requested by DOE in
connection with any march-in proceeding undertaken by that agency in accordance
with paragraph (j) of this clause. As required by 35 U.S.C. 202(c)(5), DOE
agrees it will not disclose such information to persons outside the Government
without permission of the Contractor.

(i) Preference for United States Industry. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this clause, the Contractor agrees that neither it nor any assignee will
grant to any person the exclusive right to use or sell any subject invention in
the United States unless such person agrees that any product embodying the
subject invention or produced through the use of the subject invention will be
manufactured substantially in the United States. However, in individual cases,
the requirement for such an agreement may be waived by DOE upon a showing by the
Contractor or its assignee that reasonable but unsuccessful efforts have been
made to grant licenses on similar terms to potential licensees that would be
likely to manufacture substantially in the United States or that under the
circumstances domestic manufacture is not commercially feasible.

(j) March-in rights. The Contractor agrees that, with respect to any subject
invention in which it has acquired title, DOE has the right in accordance with
the procedures in 37 CFR 401.6 and any supplemental regulations of the agency to
require the Contractor, an assignee or exclusive licensee of a subject invention
to grant a nonexclusive, partially exclusive, or exclusive license in any field
of use to a responsible applicant or applicants, upon terms that are reasonable
under the circumstances, and, if the Contractor, assignee, or exclusive licensee
refuses such a request, DOE has the right to grant such a license itself if DOE
determines that-- (1) Such action is necessary because the Contractor or
assignee has not taken, or is not expected to take within a reasonable time,
effective steps to achieve practical application of the subject invention in
such field of use; (2) Such action is necessary to alleviate health or safety
needs which are not reasonably satisfied by the Contractor, assignee, or their
licensees; (3) Such action is necessary to meet requirements for public use
specified by Federal regulations and such requirements are not reasonably
satisfied by the Contractor, assignee, or licensees: or (4) Such action is
necessary because the agreement required by paragraph (i) of this clause has not
been obtained or waived or because a licensee of the exclusive right to use or
sell any subject invention in the United States is in breach of such agreement.

(k) Special provisions for contracts with nonprofit organizations. If the
Contractor is a nonprofit organization, it agrees that--

      (1) Rights to a subject invention in the United States may not be assigned
without the approval of the Federal agency, except where such assignment is made
to an organization which has as one of its primary functions the management of
inventions; provided, that such assignee will be subject to the same provisions
as the Contractor;


                                       10
<PAGE>

      (2) The Contractor will share royalties collected on a subject invention
with the inventor, including Federal employee co-inventors (when DOE deems it
appropriate) when the subject invention is assigned in accordance with 35 U.S.C.
202(e) and 37 CFR 401.10;

      (3) The balance of any royalties or income earned by the Contractor with
respect to subject inventions, after payment of expenses (including payments to
inventors) incidental to the administration of subject inventions will be
utilized for the support of scientific research or education; and

      (4) It will make efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to
attract licensees of subject inventions that are small business firms, and that
it will give a preference to a small business firm when licensing a subject
invention if the Contractor determines that the small business firm has a plan
or proposal for marketing the invention which, if executed, is equally as likely
to bring the invention to practical application as any plans or proposals from
applicants that are not small business firms; provided, that the Contractor is
also satisfied that the small business firm has the capability and resources to
carry out its plan or proposal. The decision whether to give a preference in any
specific case will be at the discretion of the contractor. However, the
Contractor agrees that the Secretary of Commerce may review the Contractor's
licensing program and decisions regarding small business applicants, and the
Contractor will negotiate changes to its licensing policies, procedures, or
practices with the Secretary of Commerce when that Secretary's review discloses
that the Contractor could take reasonable steps to more effectively implement
the requirements of this subparagraph (k)(4).

(l) Communications.

      (1) The contractor shall direct any notification, disclosure, or request
to DOE provided for in this clause to the DOE patent counsel assisting the DOE
contracting activity, with a copy of the communication to the Contracting
Officer.

      (2) Each exercise of discretion or decision provided for in this clause,
except subparagraph (k)(4), is reserved for the DOE Patent Counsel and is not a
claim or dispute and is not subject to the Contract Disputes Act of 1978.

      (3) Upon request of the DOE Patent Counsel or the contracting officer, the
contractor shall provide any or all of the following:

            (i) a copy of the patent application, filing date, serial number and
title, patent number, and issue date for any subject invention in any country in
which the contractor has applied for a patent;

            (ii) a report, not more often than annually, summarizing all subject
inventions which were disclosed to DOE individually during the reporting period
specified; or

            (iii) a report, prior to closeout of the contract, listing all
subject inventions or stating that there were none.

(End of clause)


                                       11
<PAGE>

Attachment 1: DEAR 952.227-13 Patent Rights - Acquisition by the Government

      PATENT RIGHTS-ACQUISITION BY THE GOVERNMENT (FEB 1995)

(a) Definitions.

      "Invention", as used in this clause, means any invention or discovery
which is or may be patentable or otherwise protectable under title 35 of the
United States Code or any novel variety of plant that is or may be protectable
under the Plant Variety Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 2321, et seq.).

      "Practical application", as used in this clause, means to manufacture, in
the case of a composition or product; to practice, in the case of a process or
method; or to operate, in the case of a machine or system; and, in each case,
under such conditions as to establish that the invention is being utilized and
that its benefits are, to the extent permitted by law or Government regulations,
available to the public on reasonable terms.

      "Subject invention", as used in this clause, means any invention of the
Contractor conceived or first actually reduced to practice in the course of or
under this contract.

      "Patent Counsel", as used in this clause, means the Department of Energy
Patent Counsel assisting the procuring activity.

      "DOE patent waiver regulations", as used in this clause, means the
Department of Energy patent waiver regulations at 41 CFR 9-9.109-6 or successor
regulations. See 10 CFR part 784.

      "Agency licensing regulations" and "applicable agency licensing
regulations", as used in this clause, mean the Department of Energy patent
licensing regulations at 10 CFR Part 781.

(b) Allocations of principal rights.

      (1) Assignment to the Government. The Contractor agrees to assign to the
Government the entire right, title, and interest throughout the world in and to
each subject invention, except to the extent that rights are retained the
Contractor under subparagraph (b)(2) and paragraph (d) of this clause.

      (2) Greater rights determinations.

            (i) The contractor, or an employee-inventor after consultation with
the Contractor, may request greater rights than the nonexclusive license and the
foreign patent rights provided in paragraph (d) of this clause on identified
inventions in accordance with the DOE patent waiver regulations. A request for a
determination of whether the Contractor or the employee-inventor is entitled to
acquire such greater rights must be submitted to the Patent Counsel with a copy
to the Contracting Officer at the time of the first disclosure of the invention
pursuant to subparagraph (e)(2) of this clause, or not later than 8 months
thereafter, unless a longer period is authorized in writing by the Contracting
Officer for good cause shown in writing by the Contractor. Each determination of
greater rights under this contract shall be subject to paragraph (c) of this
clause, unless otherwise provided in the greater rights determination, and to
the reservations and conditions deemed to be appropriate by the Secretary of
Energy or designee.

            (ii) Within two (2) months after the filing of a patent application,
the Contractor shall provide the filing date, serial number and title, a copy of
the patent application (including an English-language version if filed in a
language other than English), and, promptly upon issuance of a patent, provide
the patent number and issue date for any subject invention in any country for
which the Contractor has been granted title or the right to file and prosecute
on behalf of the United States by the Department of Energy.

            (iii) Not less than thirty (30) days before the expiration of the
response period for any action required by the Patent and Trademark Office,
notify the Patent Counsel of any decision not to continue prosecution of the
application.

            (iv) Upon request, the Contractor shall furnish the Government an
irrevocable power to inspect and make copies of the patent application file.


                                       12
<PAGE>

(c) Minimum rights acquired by the Government.

      (1) With respect to each subject invention to which the Department of
Energy grants the Contractor principal or exclusive rights, the Contractor
agrees as follows:

            (i) The Contractor hereby grants to the Government a nonexclusive,
nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up license to practice or have practiced each
subject invention throughout the world by or on behalf of the Government of the
United States (including any Government agency).

            (ii) The Contractor agrees that with respect to any subject
invention in which DOE has granted it title, DOE has the right in accordance
with the procedures in the DOE patent waiver regulations (10 CFR part 784) to
require the Contractor, an assignee, or exclusive licensee of a subject
invention to grant a nonexclusive, partially exclusive, or exclusive license in
any field of use to a responsible applicant or applicants, upon terms that are
reasonable under the circumstances, and if the Contractor, assignee, or
exclusive licensee refuses such a request, DOE has the right to grant such a
license itself if it determines that--

                  (A) Such action is necessary because the Contractor or
assignee has not taken, or is not expected to take within a reasonable time,
effective steps to achieve practical application of the subject invention in
such field of use;

                  (B) Such action is necessary to alleviate health or safety
needs which are not reasonably satisfied by the Contractor, assignee, or their
licensees;

                  (C) Such action is necessary to meet requirements for public
use specified by Federal regulations and such requirements are not reasonably
satisfied by the Contractor, assignee, or licensees; or

                  (D) Such action is necessary because the agreement required by
paragraph (i) of this clause has neither been obtained nor waived or because a
licensee of the exclusive right to use or sell any subject invention in the
United States is in breach of such agreement.

            (iii) The Contractor agrees to submit on request periodic reports no
more frequently than annually on the utilization of a subject invention or on
efforts at obtaining such utilization of a subject invention or on efforts at
obtaining such utilization that are being made by the Contractor or its
licensees or assignees. Such reports shall include information regarding the
status of development, date of first commercial sale or use, gross royalties
received by the Contractor, and such other data and information as DOE may
reasonably specify. The Contractor also agrees to provide additional reports as
may be requested by DOE in connection with any march-in proceedings undertaken
by that agency in accordance with subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of this clause. To the
extent data or information supplied under this section is considered by the
Contractor, its licensee, or assignee to be privileged and confidential and is
so marked, the Department of Energy agrees that, to the extent permitted by law,
it will not disclose such information to persons outside the Government.

            (iv) The Contractor agrees, when licensing a subject invention, to
arrange to avoid royalty charges on acquisitions involving Government funds,
including funds derived through a Military Assistance Program of the Government
or otherwise derived through the Government, to refund any amounts received as
royalty charges on a subject invention in acquisitions for, or on behalf of, the
Government, and to provide for such refund in any instrument transferring rights
in the invention to any party.

            (v) The Contractor agrees to provide for the Government's paid-up
license pursuant to subparagraph (c)(1)(i) of this clause in any instrument
transferring rights in a subject invention and to provide for the granting of
licenses as required by subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of this clause, and for the
reporting of utilization information as required by subparagraph (c)(1)(iii) of
this clause, whenever the instrument transfers principal or exclusive rights in
a subject invention.

      (2) Nothing contained in this paragraph (c) shall be deemed to grant to
the Government any rights with respect to any invention other than a subject
invention.

(d) Minimum rights to the Contractor.


                                       13
<PAGE>

      (1) The Contractor is hereby granted a revocable, nonexclusive,
royalty-free license in each patent application filed in any country on a
subject invention and any resulting patent in which the Government obtains
title, unless the Contractor fails to disclose the subject invention within the
times specified in subparagraph (e)(2) of this clause. The Contractors license
extends to its domestic subsidiaries and affiliates, if any, within the
corporate structure of which the Contractor is a part and includes the right to
grant sublicenses of the same scope to the extent the Contractor was legally
obligated to do so at the time the contract was awarded. The license is
transferable only with the approval of DOE except when transferred to the
successor of that part of the Contractor's business to which the invention
pertains.

      (2) The Contractor's domestic license may be revoked or modified by DOE to
the extent necessary to achieve expeditious practical application of the subject
invention pursuant to an application for an exclusive license submitted in
accordance with applicable provisions in 37 CFR Part 404 and agency licensing
regulations. This license will not be revoked in that field of use or the
geographical areas in which the Contractor has achieved practical applications
and continues to make the benefits of the invention reasonably accessible to the
public. The license in any foreign country may be revoked or modified at the
discretion of DOE to the extent the Contractor, its licensees, or its domestic
subsidiaries or affiliates have failed to achieve practical application in that
foreign country.

      (3) Before revocation or modification of the license, DOE will furnish the
Contractor a written notice of its intention to revoke or modify the license,
and the Contractor will be allowed 30 days (or such other time as may be
authorized by DOE for good cause shown by the Contractor) after the notice to
show cause why the license should not be revoked or modified. The Contractor has
the right to appeal, in accordance with applicable agency licensing regulations
and 37 CFR Part 404 concerning the licensing of Government-owned inventions, any
decision concerning the revocation or modification of its license.

      (4) The Contractor may request the right to acquire patent rights to a
subject invention in any foreign country where the Government has elected not to
secure such rights, subject to the conditions in subparagraphs (d)(4)(i) through
(d)(4)(vii) of this clause. Such request must be made in writing to the Patent
Counsel as part of the disclosure required by subparagraph (e)(2) of this
clause, with a copy to the DOE Contracting Officer. DOE approval, if given, will
be based on a determination that this would best serve the national interest.

            (i) The recipient of such rights, when specifically requested by
DOE, and three years after issuance of a foreign patent disclosing the subject
invention, shall furnish DOE a report stating:

                  (A) The commercial use that is being made, or is intended to
be made, of said invention, and

                  (B) The steps taken to bring the invention to the point of
practical application or to make the invention available for licensing.

            (ii) The Government shall retain at least an irrevocable,
nonexclusive, paid-up license to make, use, and sell the invention throughout
the world by or on behalf of the Government (including any Government agency)
and States and domestic municipal governments, unless the Secretary of Energy or
designee determines that it would not be in the public interest to acquire the
license for the States and domestic municipal governments.

            (iii) If noted elsewhere in this contract as a condition of the
grant of an advance waiver of the Government's title to inventions under this
contract, or, if no advance waiver was granted but a waiver of the Government's
title to an identified invention is granted pursuant to subparagraph (d)(2) of
this clause upon a determination by the Secretary of Energy that it is in the
Government's best interest, this license shall include the right of the
Government to sublicense foreign governments pursuant to any existing or future
treaty or agreement with such foreign governments.

            (iv) Subject to the rights granted in subparagraphs (d)(1), (2), and
(3) of this clause, the Secretary of Energy or designee shall have the right to
terminate the foreign patent rights granted in this subparagraph (d)(4) in whole
or in part unless the recipient of such rights demonstrates to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of Energy or designee that effective steps necessary to
accomplish substantial utilization of the invention have been taken or within a
reasonable time will be taken.

            (v) Subject to the rights granted in subparagraphs (d)(1), (2), and
(3) of this clause, the Secretary of Energy or designee shall have the right,
commencing four years after foreign patent rights are accorded under


                                       14
<PAGE>

this subparagraph (d)(4), to require the granting of a nonexclusive or partially
exclusive license to a responsible applicant or applicants, upon terms
reasonable under the circumstances, and in appropriate circumstances to
terminate said foreign patent rights in whole or in part, following a hearing
upon notice thereof to the public, upon a petition by an interested person
justifying such hearing:

                  (A) If the Secretary of Energy or designee determines, upon
review of such material as he deems relevant, and after the recipient of such
rights or other interested person has had the opportunity to provide such
relevant and material information as the Secretary or designee may require, that
such foreign patent rights have tended substantially to lessen competition or to
result in undue market concentration in any section of the United States in any
line of commerce to which the technology relates; or

                  (B) Unless the recipient of such rights demonstrates to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of Energy or designee at such hearing that the
recipient has taken effective steps, or within a reasonable time thereafter is
expected to take such steps, necessary to accomplish substantial utilization of
the invention.

            (vi) If the contractor is to file a foreign patent application on a
subject invention, the Government agrees, upon written request, to use its best
efforts to withhold publication of such invention disclosures for such period of
time as specified by Patent Counsel, but in no event shall the Government or its
employees be liable for any publication thereof.

            (vii) Subject to the license specified in subparagraphs (d)(1), (2),
and (3) of this clause, the contractor or inventor agrees to convey to the
Government, upon request, the entire right, title, and interest in any foreign
country in which the contractor or inventor fails to have a patent application
filed in a timely manner or decides not to continue prosecution or to pay any
maintenance fees covering the invention. To avoid forfeiture of the patent
application or patent, the contractor or inventor shall, not less than 60 days
before the expiration period for any action required by any patent office,
notify the Patent Counsel of such failure or decision, and deliver to the Patent
Counsel, the executed instruments necessary for the conveyance specified in this
paragraph.

(e) Invention identification, disclosures, and reports.

      (1) The Contractor shall establish and maintain active and effective
procedures to assure that subject inventions are promptly identified and
disclosed o Contractor personnel responsible for patent matters within 6 months
of conception and/or first actual reduction to practice, whichever occurs first
in the performance of work under this contract. These procedures shall include
the maintenance of laboratory notebooks or equivalent records and other records
as are reasonably necessary to document the conception and/or the first actual
reduction to practice of subject inventions, and records that show that the
procedures for identifying and disclosing the inventions are followed. Upon
request, the Contractor shall furnish the Contracting Officer a description of
such procedures for evaluation and for determination as to their effectiveness.

      (2) The Contractor shall disclose each subject invention to the DOE Patent
Counsel with a copy to the Contracting Officer within 2 months after the
inventor discloses it in writing to Contractor personnel responsible for patent
matters or, if earlier, within 6 months after the Contractor becomes aware that
a subject invention has been made, but in any event before any on sale, public
use, or publication of such invention known to the Contractor. The disclosure to
DOE shall be in the form of a written report and shall identify the contract
under which the invention was made and the inventor(s). It shall be sufficiently
complete in technical detail to convey a clear understanding, to the extent
known at the time of the disclosure, of the nature, purpose, operation, and
physical, chemical, biological, or electrical characteristics of the invention.
The disclosure shall also identify any publication, on sale, or public use of
the invention and whether a manuscript describing the invention has been
submitted for publication and, if so, whether it has been accepted for
publication at the time of disclosure. In addition, after disclosure to DOE, the
Contractor shall promptly notify Patent Counsel of the acceptance of any
manuscript describing the invention for publication or of any on sale or public
use planned by the Contractor. The report should also include any request for a
greater rights determination in accordance with subparagraph (b)(2) of this
clause. When an invention is disclosed to DOE under this paragraph, it shall be
deemed to have been made in the manner specified in Sections (a)(1) and (a)(2)
of 42 U.S.C. 5908, unless the Contractor contends in writing at the time the
invention is disclosed that is was not so made.

      (3) The Contractor shall furnish the Contracting Officer the following:


                                       15
<PAGE>

            (i) Interim reports every 12 months (or such longer period as may be
specified by the Contracting Officer) from the date of the contract, listing
subject inventions during that period, and certifying that all subject
inventions have been disclosed (or that there are not such inventions) and that
the procedures required by subparagraph (e)(1) of this clause have been
followed.

            (ii) A final report, within 3 months after completion of the
contracted work listing all subject inventions or certifying that there were no
such inventions, and listing all subcontracts at any tier containing a patent
rights clause or certifying that there were no such subcontracts.

      (4) The Contractor agrees to require, by written agreement, its employees,
other than clerical and nontechnical employees, to disclose promptly in writing
to personnel identified as responsible for the administration of patent matters
and in a format suggested by the Contractor each subject invention made under
contract in order that the Contractor can comply with the disclosure provisions
of paragraph (c) of this clause, and to execute all papers necessary to file
patent applications on subject inventions and to establish the Government's
rights in the subject inventions. This disclosure format should require, as a
minimum, the information required by subparagraph (e)(2) of this clause.

      (5) The Contractor agrees, subject to FAR 27.302(j), that the Government
may duplicate and disclose subject invention disclosures and all other reports
and papers furnished or required to be furnished pursuant to this clause.

(f) Examination of records relating to inventions.

      (1) The Contracting Officer or any authorized representative shall, until
3 years after final payment under this contract, have the right to examine any
books (including laboratory notebooks), records, and documents of the Contractor
relating to the conception or first actual reduction to practice of inventions
in the same field of technology as the work under this contract to determine
whether--

            (i) Any such inventions are subject inventions;

            (ii) The Contractor has established and maintains the procedures
required by subparagraphs (e)(1) and (4) of this clause;

            (iii) The Contractor and its inventors have complied with the
procedures.

      (2) If the Contracting Officer learns of an unreported Contractor
invention which the Contracting Officer believes may be a subject invention, the
Contractor may be required to disclose the invention to DOE for a determination
of ownership rights.

      (3) Any examination of records under this paragraph will be subject to
appropriate conditions to protect the confidentiality of the information
involved.

(g) Withholding of payment (NOTE: This paragraph does not apply to
subcontracts).

      (1) Any time before final payment under this contract, the Contracting
Officer may, in the Government's Interest, withhold payment until a reserve not
exceeding $50,000 or 5 percent of the amount of this contract, whichever is
less, shall have been set aside if, in the Contracting Officer's opinion, the
Contractor fails to--

            (i) Convey to the Government, using a DOE-approved form, the title
and/or rights of the Government in each subject invention as required by this
clause.

            (ii) Establish, maintain, and follow effective procedures for
identifying and disclosing subject inventions pursuant to subparagraph (e)(1) of
this clause;

            (iii) Disclose any subject invention pursuant to subparagraph (e)(2)
of this clause;

            (iv) Deliver acceptable interim reports pursuant to subparagraph
(e)(3)(i) of this clause; or

            (v) Provide the information regarding subcontracts pursuant to
subparagraph (h)(4) of this clause.


                                       16
<PAGE>

      (2) Such reserve or balance shall be withheld until the Contracting
Officer has determined that the Contractor has rectified whatever deficiencies
exist and has delivered all reports, disclosures, and other information required
by this clause.

      (3) Final payment under this contract shall not be made before the
Contractor delivers to the Contracting Officer all disclosures of subject
inventions required by subparagraph (e)(2) of this clause, and acceptable final
report pursuant to subparagraph (e)(3)(ii) of this clause, and the Patent
Counsel has issued a patent clearance certification to the Contracting Officer.

      (4) The Contracting Officer may decrease or increase the sums withheld up
to the maximum authorized above. No amount shall be withheld under this
paragraph while the amount specified by this paragraph is being withheld under
other provisions of the contract. The withholding of any amount or the
subsequent payment thereof shall not be construed as a waiver of any Government
rights.

(h) Subcontracts.

      (1) The contractor shall include the clause at 48 CFR 952.227-11 (suitably
modified to identify the parties) in all subcontracts, regardless of tier, for
experimental, developmental, demonstration, or research work to be performed by
a small business firm or domestic nonprofit organization, except where the work
of the subcontract is subject to an Exceptional Circumstances Determination by
DOE. In all other subcontracts, regardless of tier, for experimental,
developmental, demonstration, or research work, the contractor shall include
this clause (suitably modified to identify the parties). The contractor shall
not, as part of the consideration for awarding the subcontract, obtain rights in
the subcontractor's subject inventions.

      (2) In the event of a refusal by a prospective subcontractor to accept
such a clause the Contractor--

            (i) Shall promptly submit a written notice to the Contracting
Officer setting forth the subcontractor's reasons for such refusal and other
pertinent information that may expedite disposition of the matter; and

            (ii) Shall not proceed with such subcontract without the written
authorization of the Contracting Officer.

      (3) In the case of subcontracts at any tier, DOE, the subcontractor, and
Contractor agree that the mutual obligations of the parties created by this
clause constitute a contract between the subcontractor and DOE with respect to
those matters covered by this clause.

      (4) The Contractor shall promptly notify the Contracting Officer in
writing upon the award of any subcontract at any tier containing a patent rights
clause by identifying the subcontractor, the applicable patent rights clause,
the work to be performed under the subcontract, and the dates of award and
estimated completion. Upon request of the Contracting Officer, the Contractor
shall furnish a copy of such subcontract, and, no more frequently than annually,
a listing of the subcontracts that have been awarded.

      (5) The contractor shall identify all subject inventions of the
subcontractor of which it acquires knowledge in the performance of this contract
and shall notify the Patent Counsel, with a copy to the contracting officer,
promptly upon identification of the inventions.

(i) Preference United States industry. Unless provided otherwise, no Contractor
that receives title to any subject invention and no assignee of any such
Contractor shall grant to any person the exclusive right to use or sell any
subject invention in the United States unless such person agrees that any
products embodying the subject invention will be manufactured substantially in
the United States. However, in individual cases, the requirement may be waived
by the Government upon a showing by the Contractor or assignee that reasonable
but unsuccessful efforts have been made to grant licenses on similar terms to
potential licensees that would be likely to manufacture substantially in the
United States or that under the circumstances domestic manufacture is not
commercially feasible.

(j) Atomic energy.

      (1) No claim for pecuniary award of compensation under the provisions of
the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended, shall be asserted with respect to any
invention or discovery made or conceived in the course of or under this
contract.


                                       17
<PAGE>

      (2) Except as otherwise authorized in writing by the Contracting Officer,
the Contractor will obtain patent agreements to effectuate the provisions of
subparagraph (e)(1) of this clause from all persons who perform any part of the
work under this contract, except nontechnical personnel, such as clerical
employees and manual laborers.

(k) Background Patents.

      (1) Background Patent means a domestic patent covering an invention or
discovery which is not a subject invention and which is owned or controlled by
the Contractor at any time through the completion of this contract:

            (i) Which the contractor, but not the Government, has the right to
license to others without obligation to pay royalties thereon, and

            (ii) Infringement of which cannot reasonably be avoided upon the
practice of any specific process, method, machine, manufacture, or composition
of matter (including relatively mirror modifications thereof) which is a subject
of the research, development, or demonstration work performed under this
contract.

      (2) The Contractor agrees to and does hereby grant to the Government a
royalty-free, nonexclusive license under any background patent for purposes of
practicing a subject of this contract by or for the Government in research,
development, and demonstration work only.

      (3) The Contractor also agrees that upon written application by DOE, it
will grant to responsible parties, for purposes of practicing a subject of this
contract, nonexclusive licenses under any background patent on terms that are
reasonable under the circumstances. If, however, the Contractor believes that
exclusive rights are necessary to achieve expeditious commercial development or
utilization, then a request may be made to DOE for DOE approval of such
licensing by the Contractor.

      (4) Notwithstanding subparagraph (k)(3) of this clause, the contractor
shall not be obligated to license any background patent if the Contractor
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary of Energy or designee that:

            (i) a competitive alternative to the subject matter covered by said
background patent is commercially available or readily introducible from one or
more other sources; or

            (ii) the Contractor or its licensees are supplying the subject
matter covered by said background patent in sufficient quantity and at
reasonable prices to satisfy market needs, or have taken effective steps or
within a reasonable time are expected to take effective steps to so supply the
subject matter.

(l) Publication. It is recognized that during the course of the work under this
contract, the Contractor or its employees may from time to time desire to
release or publish information regarding scientific or technical developments
conceived or first actually reduced to practice in the course of or under this
contract. In order that public disclosure of such information will not adversely
affect the patent interests of DOE or the Contractor, patent approval for
release of publication shall be secured from Patent Counsel prior to any such
release or publication.

(m) Forfeiture of rights in unreported subject inventions.

      (1) The Contractor shall forfeit and assign to the Government, at the
request of the Secretary of Energy or designee, all rights in any subject
invention which the Contractor fails to report to Patent Counsel within six
months after the time the Contractor:

            (i) Files or causes to be filed a United States or foreign patent
application thereon; or

            (ii) Submits the final report required by subparagraph (e)(2)(ii) of
this clause, whichever is later.

      (2) However, the Contractor shall not forfeit rights in a subject
invention if, within the time specified in subparagraph (m)(1) of this clause,
the Contractor:


                                       18
<PAGE>

            (i) Prepares a written decision based upon a review of the record
that the invention was neither conceived nor first actually reduced to practice
in the course of or under the contract and delivers the decision to Patent
Counsel, with a copy to the Contracting Officer or

            (ii) Contending that the invention is not a subject invention, the
Contractor nevertheless discloses the invention and all facts pertinent to this
contention to the Patent Counsel, with a copy to the Contracting Officer; or

            (iii) Establishes that the failure to disclose did not result from
the Contractor's fault or negligence.

      (3) Pending written assignment of the patent application and patents on a
subject invention determined by the Secretary of Energy or designee to be
forfeited (such determination to be a final decision under the Disputes clause
of this contract), the Contractor shall be deemed to hold the invention and the
patent applications and patents pertaining thereto in trust for the Government.
The forfeiture provision of this paragraph (m) shall be in addition to and shall
not supersede other rights and remedies which the Government may have with
respect to subject inventions.

(End of clause)


                                       19
<PAGE>

                     FEDERAL ASSISTANCE REPORTING CHECKLIST

(03-92)
Replaces RIA-459A
All Other Editions are Obsolete
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Identification Number:

         DE-FC02-99EE50570
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. Program/Project Title: R&D and Demonstration of an Automotive Integrated
Power Module (AIPM)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Recipient:

SatCon Technology Corporation
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Reporting Requirements:               Frequency  No. of Copies    Addressees
                                         --------------------------------------
PROGRAM/PROJECT MANAGEMENT REPORTING                               See below

|X| DOE F 4600.3, "Federal Assistance
    Milestone Plan"                         A         Orig + 2

|X| DOE F 4600.3A, "Milestone Log"          A         Orig + 2

|_| DOE F 4600.4, "Federal Assistance
    Budget Information"

|_| Program Management Plan, (See
    Attachment 1)

|X| DOE F 4600.6, "Federal Assistance
    Program/Project Status Report"

|X| SF-269A, "Financial Status Report"
    Long Form                               F
                                                      Orig + 2

TECHNICAL INFORMATION REPORTING

|_| Technical Progress Report**

|X| Topical Report**                        A

|X| Final Technical Report**                F         Orig + 2

|X| Review Meeting / Meeting Agenda-lO
    days prior to any meeting.              A         Orig + 2
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FREQUENCY CODES AND DUE DATES:

A - As Necessary; within 5 calendar days after events.

F - Final; 90 calendar days after the performance of the effort ends.

Q - Quarterly; within 30 days after end of calendar quarter or portion thereof.

O - One time after project starts; within 30 days after award.

X - Required with proposals or the application or with significant planning
    changes.

Y - Yearly; 30 days after the end of program year. (Financial Status Reports 90
    days).

S - Semiannually; within 30 days after end of program fiscal half year.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Special Instructions:

Reporting  Requirements above reflect the 120 day project period and not the
entire 36 month effort as outlined in the solicitation.

A. **All scientific, technical documents, and technical reports ie. monthly,
quarterly, annual progress reports, periodic scientific, topical, final report,
and conference papers shall be submitted with 2 copies of DOE Form 241.1.
Announcement of U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Scientific and Technical
Information (STI).

B. MAIL REPORTS TO:       Original - Contracting Officer
                                     U.S. Department Of Energy
                                     Chicago Operations Office
                                     9800 South Cass Avenue
                                     Argonne, Illinois 60439

                       2 copies to - David Hamiliton, EE-32
                                     US Department of Energy
                                     1000 Independence Avenue, S.W.
                                     Washington D.C. 20585

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. Prepared by: (Signature and Date)


/s/ Christyl Severle 9/28/99
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. Reviewed by: (Signature and Date)


/s/ David B. Hamilton  9/28/99
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

                                                                 OMB Control No.
                                                                 1910-1400
DOE F241.1
(8-96) p. 1 of 2
(Formerly DOE F1332.15)
(All other versions are obsolete)

                           U. S. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY
                ANNOUNCEMENT OF U. S. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY (DOE)
                   SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL INFORMATION (STI)

RECORD STATUS (select one):
____New  _____Revised Data  _____Revised STI Product

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Part I: STI PRODUCT DESCRIPTION

A. STI PRODUCT TYPE (select one):

___ 1. Technical Report
       a. Type: __Semiannual __Annual ___Final ___Topical ___Other (specify)____
       b. Reporting Period (mm/dd/yyyy) ___ / ___ / ____ thru ___ / ___ / ____

___ 2. Conference
       a. Product Type: ___Conference Proceedings ___Conference Paper or Other
          (abstracts, excerpts, etc.)
       b. Conference Information (title, location, dates) ______________________
       _________________________________________________________________________

___ 3. Software Manual (The actual software package should be made available
       simultaneously. Follow instructions provided with ESTSC F 1 and
       ESTSC F 2.)

___ 4. Journal Article
       a. Type: ___Announcement citation only ___Preprint ___Postprint
       b. Journal Name _________________________________________________________
       c. Volume __________ d. Issue _______
       e. Serial identifier (e.g., ISSN or CODEN) ______________________________

___ 5. S&T Accomplishment Report

___ 6. Book

___ 7. Patent Application
       a. Date Filed (mm/dd/yyyy) ___ / ___ / ____
       b. Date Priority (mm/dd/yyyy) ___ / ___ / ____
       c. Patent Assignee _________________________________________

___ 8. Thesis/Dissertation

B. STI PRODUCT TITLE ___________________________________________________________

C. AUTHOR(s) ___________________________________________________________________

       E-mail Address(es):______________________________________________________

D. STI PRODUCT IDENTIFIER ______________________________________________________

___ 1. Report Number(s) ________________________________________________________

___ 2. DOE Contract Number(s) __________________________________________________

___ 3. R&D Project ID(s) _______________________________________________________

___ 4. Other Identifying Number(s) _____________________________________________

E. ORIGINATING RESEARCH ORGANIZATION ___________________________________________

F. DATE OF PUBLICATION (mm/dd/yyyy) ___ / ___ / ____

G. LANGUAGE (if non-English) _________________________

(Grantees and Awardees: Skip to Description/Abstract section at the end of Part
I)

H. SPONSORING ORGANIZATION _____________________________________________________

I. PUBLISHER NAME AND LOCATION (if other than research organization) ___________
________________________________________________________________________________

      Availability (refer requests to [if applicable]) _________________________

J. SUBJECT CATEGORIES (list primary one first) _________________________________

      Keywords _________________________________________________________________

K. DESCRIPTION/ABSTRACT ________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________________

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

                                                         DOE F 241.1 (p. 2 of 2)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Part II: STI PRODUCT MEDIA/FORMAT and LOCATION/TRANSMISSION

A. MEDIA/FORMAT INFORMATION

    1. Medium of STI product is: ___Paper ___Electronic document
                                 ___Computer medium ___Audiovisual material

    2. Size of STI product _____________________________________________________

    3. File format:
       a. If electronic document is posted at site, indicate: ___SGML ___HTML
          ___XML ___PDF Normal
       b. If electronic document is transmitted to OSTI, indicate: ___SGML
          ___HTML ___XML ___PDF Normal ___PDF Image
          ___TIFFG4 ___ WP-indicate Version (5.0 or greater) ________
          platform/operating system ________
          ___MS Word-indicate Version (5.0 or greater) ________
          platform/operating system ________  ___Postscript

    4. If computer medium or audiovisual material:
       a. Quantity/type (specify) ______________________________________________
       b. Machine compatibility (specify) ______________________________________
       c. Sound: ___(yes)  d. Color ___(yes)  e. Tables/Graphics ___(yes)
       f. Other information about product format a user needs to know: _________

B. LOCATION/TRANSMISSION INFORMATION

    1. STI Product is available at site: Unique URL (of specific STI Product)
       _________________________________________________________________________

    2. STI Product is being transmitted to OSTI:
       a. ___Electronically via FTP
       b. ___Via mail or shipment (e.g., Federal Express) (Paper products,
          electronic documents on CD-ROM, diskettes, videocassettes, etc.)

    3. Information Product Filename (of transmitted electronic format) _________

C. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (concerning media/format or location/transmission; for
   OSTI internal use only): ____________________________________________________
   _____________________________________________________________________________
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Grantees and Awardees: Skip to Contact section at the end of Part III)

Part III: STI PRODUCT REVIEW/RELEASE INFORMATION

A. ACCESS LIMITATION

___ 1. Unlimited Announcement (available to U.S. and non-U.S. public)

___ 2. OpenNet (use OpenNet guidance for below):
       a. If additional source other than making it available through NTIS:
          (1) Accession Number _________________________________________________
          (2) Document Location ________________________________________________
       b. Field Office Acronym ______________________
       c. Declassification date (mm/dd/yyyy) __/__/____
       d. Declassification Status:
          ___Declassified  ___Sanitized  ___Never classified
       e. OpenNet Document Categories __________________________________________
          ______________________________________________________________________
          ______________________________________________________________________
       f. OpenNet Addresses ____________________________________________________
          ______________________________________________________________________

___ 3. U.S. Dissemination Only

___ 4. Copyrighted material; Are there any restrictions based on copyright?
       ___yes ___no. If yes, list the restrictions______________________________
       _________________________________________________________________________

___ 5. Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR)
       Release date (mm/dd/yyyy) __/__/____

___ 6. Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR)
       Release date (mm/dd/yyyy) __/__/____

___ 7. Proprietary/Trade Secret

___ 8. Patent Pending

___ 9. Protected data ___CRADA ___Other (specify) ______________________________
       Release date (mm/dd/yyyy) __/__/____

___10. Official Use Only (OUO)

___11. Program-Directed Special Handling (specify) _____________________________

___12. Export Control/ITAR/EAR

___13. Unclassified Controlled Nuclear Information (UCNI)

___14. Classified Classification Level/Category of:
       a. This form __________________  b. The STI Product _____________________

___15. Other information relevant to access
       (specify; for OSTI internal use only) ___________________________________

B. OTHER (information useful to include in published announcement record which
   is not suited for any other field on this form)
________________________________________________________________________________

C. CONTACT AND RELEASING OFFICIAL

    1. Contact (if appropriate, the organization or site contact to include in
       published citations who would receive any external questions about the
       content of the STI Product or the research information contained therein)
       Name and/or Position ____________________________________________________
       E-mail ___________________________ Phone ________________________________
       Organization ____________________________________________________________

    2. Releasing Official  ___I verify that all necessary reviews have been
                              completed (e.g. Patent, Copyright, ECI, UCNI,
                              etc.)
       Released by (name) ________________________  Date (mm/dd/yyyy) __/__/____
       E-mail ___________________________ Phone ________________________________
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

                             FORM 241.1 INSTRUCTIONS
                                                                     (p. 1 of 3)

Purpose: Form 241.1 provides the Office of Scientific and Technical
      Information (OSTI) information required to appropriately identify,
      process, and/or announce and disseminate the results of work funded by the
      U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) or performed in DOE facilities. For
      general information or assistance with this form, contact OSTI at
      (423) 576-1191, or at the following e-mail address:
      evaluation@adonis.osti.gov.

[ILLEGIBLE] to use: Submit this form with each scientific and technical
      information (STI) Product. Electronic format is the preferred method for
      submitting the announcement record and STI Product. When submitting
      electronically, use the electronic version of the form or Document Type
      Definitions (DTD). When submitting in paper, input should be typed or
      printed, not handwritten.

Describing the data fields: Descriptions of the various DOE F 241.1 data fields,
      STI Products, format, etc., can be found in ATTACHMENT 3 and other
      sections of the DOE Guide 241.1-1, Guide to the Management of Scientific
      and Technical Information.

      1. DOE and DOE Contractors: DOE, DOE Management and Operating (M&O)
      contractors, DOE Management and Integrating (M&I) contractors,
      multiprogram laboratories, single program laboratories, and other DOE
      facilities should complete the entire form. Submit it either with the URL
      for the site-maintained copy of the STI product or as a package with the
      STI product to OSTI for processing in accordance with the requirements of
      DOE Order 241.1, Scientific and Technical Information Management Reporting
      that may be required under the terms of the contract but which is not
      appropriate for transmittal to OSTI includes contract proposals, funding
      status, routine construction or inventory reports, and similar products.
      Submit the package to:

      For Mail:                           For Shipments:
      U.S. Department of Energy           U.S. Department of Energy
      Office of Scientific and Technical  Office of Scientific and Technical
          Information (OSTI)                  Information (OSTI)
      P.O. Box 62                         175 Oak Ridge Turnpike
      Oak Ridge, TN 37831 USA             Oak Ridge, TN 37830 USA

      2. Financial Assistance Recipients and Awardees (Direct Procurement
      Recipients): Grantees and Awardees should complete the entire form, except
      as noted. Forward the form along with the STI product to the DOE
      Contracting Officer who will complete the rest of the form and submit the
      package to OSTI. Note: The DOE Contracting Officer may require the Grantee
      or Awardee to complete other parts of the form and also may require the
      awardee to submit the package directly to OSTI. Check the specific award
      requirements. Electronic submission of the form/STI product should be
      coordinated with the Contracting Officer.

NOTE: Sensitive, proprietary, or other STI Products for which access is
      restricted by statute or regulation shall not be transmitted via open
      systems networks (e.g., the Internet) unless authorization and/or
      encryption has been coordinated with OSTI in advance. This form, unless it
      in itself is classified, can be transmitted via open systems networks
      (e.g., the Internet).

RECORD STATUS - This is a required field. The record status identifies the
      announcement record or the STI Product as new or revised. If the record
      status is not provided, the record is considered "New".

Part I: STI PRODUCT DESCRIPTION

A. STI PRODUCT TYPE- This a required field

1.    Technical Report

      1.a. Type. This is a required field for a Direct Procurement. Identify the
      type of technical report provided.

      1.b. Reporting Period. This is a required field for a Direct Procurement.
      Specify the beginning and ending dates of the period covered by the STI
      Product.

2.    Conference. Provide all available conference information. An agenda alone
      is not sufficient for announcement.

[ILLEGIBLE] Software Manual. The Software Manual that accompanies the STI or
      copyrighted software. To obtain required forms and instructions for
      submitting the software (including copyrighted software), contact the
      Energy Science and Technology Software Center (ESTSC) at (423) 576-2606.

      4. Journal Article. Provide all available Journal Article information.

      5. S&T Accomplishment Report. The S&T Accomplishment report describes an
      outcome of R&D which has achieved significant impact to commerce or
      standard of living or is recognized as a major scientific or technical
      advancement.

      6-8. No special instructions.

B.    STI PRODUCT TITLE - This is a required field. Provide the title exactly as
      given on the product itself, including part, volume, edition, and similar
      information.

C.    AUTHOR(s) - This is a required field. Provide the name of the author (last
      name first) of the STI product. More than one author may be provided;
      separate multiple entries with a semicolon and a space. If an author does
      not exist, the word "NONE" should be entered.

      Examples: Jones, T.M.; Markay, Arthur R. III
                Fields, J.M.,ed.

      Author(s) E-mail Address(es). Provide the e-mail address for each author.
      Multiples may be provided; they should be listed in the same order as the
      authors and should be separated by a semicolon and a space.

D.    STI PRODUCT IDENTIFIERS.

      1. Report Number(s). This is a required field. The unique primary report
      or product number assigned to the STI product. If a report number is not
      provided, the word "NONE" should be entered.

      Following are examples of report number formats for multiple volumes,
      parts, or revisions:

      DOE/LLW-nnn-Vol.1

      DOE/NE/01834--1-Pt.1

      ANL/TM--123-Rev.1

      More than one report may be provided. Multiple numbers are separated with
      a semicolon and a space. When more than one number is entered, the first
      number, considered the primary number, should identify the submitting
      organization. All other numbers are considered secondary numbers.

      For work performed for another agency, the funding agency may assign that
      agency's product/report number. If so, provide this number.

      2. DOE Contract/Grant Numbers. This is a required field. Enter the DOE
      contract/grant number under which the work was funded. Additional DOE
      contract/grant numbers related to the product may be entered. Multiple
      numbers are separated with a semicolon and a space. When more than one
      number is entered, the first number is considered the primary number. If
      no DOE Contract/Grant Number is provided, the word "NONE" should be
      entered.

      3. R&D Project ID(s). Enter the unique and permanent Project ID assigned
      to the project itself by the Operations Office, DOE Program Office,
      laboratory, or other installation to identify a particular research
      project. Multiples may be provided; separate multiple entries with a
      semicolon and a space.

      Sample formats: P/ORNL--2533; TTP/RL439005

      4. Other identifying Number(s). An additional unique identifying number
      assigned to the STI product. (e.g., CRADAnumbers, Non-DOE contract
      numbers).

      More than one other identifying number may be provided. Multiple numbers
      are separated with a semicolon and a space.

E.    ORIGINATING RESEARCH ORGANIZATION - This is a required field. Provide the
      name and location of the organization that performed the research or
      issued the STI product. More than one organization may be provided;
      separate multiples with a semicolon and a space.

      Example:    Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, NM

F.    DATE OF PUBLICATION - This is a required field. Provide the date when the
      information product was published or issued.
<PAGE>

                             FORM 241.1 INSTRUCTIONS
                                                                     (p. 2 of 3)

G.    LANGUAGE - This is a required field. Provide the name of the language in
      which the information product is written if the language is not English.
      If language is not provided by the originating organization, the word
      "English" will be entered.

[Grantees and Awardees: Skip to Description/Abstract section at the end of Part
I]

H.    SPONSORING ORGANIZATION - Enter the name or acronym of the DOE Program
      Office (e.g. Energy Research or ER) providing the funding for the work
      described in the STI product For projects funded by more than one Program
      Office, indicate all sources of the DOE funding in descending order of
      dollar amount of funding appropriated. Also indicate the funding office
      for work for others. Separate multiple program offices with a semicolon
      and a space. If no sponsoring organization is provided, "DOE" will be the
      sponsor.

I.    PUBLISHER NAME AND LOCATION - This is a required field if different than
      the Originating Research Organization that issued the document for
      dissemination.

      Availability Refer requests to [if applicable] - This is a required field
      if the Publisher is the source at availability.

J.    SUBJECT CATEGORIES - Select one or more categories from the list provided.
      List the primary one first. If no subject category is provided by the
      originating organization, the Office of Scientific and Technical
      Information will generate one.

      A list of subject categories is available at
      http://www.doe.gov/html/osti/eel/eel.html.

Keywords. Provide terms which describe the content of the publication. More than
      one term may be entered; separate multiple terms with a semicolon and a
      space. If keywords are not provided by the originating organization, the
      Office of Scientific and Technical Information will generate them.

      A list of OpenNet subject terms is available at URL
      http://www.doe.gov/html/osti/opennet/lists/stems.html for information
      products which will be included in the OpenNet Database.

K.    DESCRIPTION/ABSTRACT - Provide a clear and concise English language
      summary of the information content of the STI product. The abstract length
      should be no more than 5,000 characters. If no description/abstract is
      provided by the originating organization, the Office of Scientific and
      Technical Information will generate one.

Part II: STI PRODUCT MEDIA/FORMAT and LOCATION/TRANSMISSION

A.    MEDIA/FORMAT INFORMATION

      1. Medium. This is a required field. Select one at the medium options
      provided (except when announcement record only as submitted).

      2. Size of STI Product. Provide the total number of pages or other
      designation which gives an indication of the size of the information
      product (e.g., 200 pages; 20 images; 3500 kilobytes; 3-3 1/2 inch
      diskettes).

      3. File Format. This is a required field if the STI Product is electronic
      full-text. Select one of the options provided.

      4. If Computer Medium or Audiovisual Material (do not include software
      packages)

            a. Indicate the quantity and type of medium, e.g., 2 videocassettes,
            1 magnetic tape.

            b. Indicate the machine with which the medium is compatible, i.e.,
            with which it can be used (e.g., VHS; IBM PC-compatible, hard disk,
            8 Megs.)

            c. Enter "Y" if the product has sound.

            d. Enter "Y" if the product is in color.

            e. Enter "Y" if the product has tables/graphics.

            f. Enter any other information which would be helpful to the user of
            the STI product (e.g., programming language, etc.)

B.    LOCATION/TRANSMISSION INFORMATION

      1. Product available at site: This is a required field if electronic
      full-text STI Product retained at site. Provide a complete unique URL
      (Uniform Resource Locator) address sufficient to access a complete copy of
      the specific STI product.

      2. Product being transmitted to OSTI: This is a required field if
      electronic full-text STI Product is being transmitted to OSTI. Indicate
      the method of transmission.

      3. Information Product Filename: This is a required field if an electronic
      copy of the STI product is being transmitted to OSTI electronically via an
      open systems network or other computer-generated medium. Provide the name
      of the file that contains the STI product itself.

C.    ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (concerning media/format or location/transmission;
      for OSTI internal use only): Specify file format if the file is not a
      full-text STI product (e.g., a data file), or if special arrangements have
      been made with OSTI to send full-text in a non-standard format.

[Grantees and Awardees: Skip to Contact section at the end of Part III]

Part III: STI PRODUCT REVIEW/RELEASE INFORMATION

A.    ACCESS LIMITATION - This is a required field. Recommendations to restrict
      access to STI products must have a legal basis or be accompanied by
      written programmatic guidance. Questions concerning current laws and
      guidance may be referred to in Part II or ATTACHMENT 7 of the DOE Guide
      241.1-1, Guide to the Management of Scientific and Technical Information,
      or by contacting OSTI at (423) 576-1035.

      1. Unlimited Announcement. The unrestricted, unlimited distribution of the
      product.

      2. OpenNet. STI products declassified and made available for public
      release will be announced on the Department's OpenNet Database in
      accordance with the Department's Openness Initiative.

      When records for declassified STI products are submitted to OSTI
      electronically, an authoritative classification change notice (paper
      [ILLEGIBLE]), in accordance with DOE M 475.1-1, identifying Classified
      Information, must accompany that submission.

      2.a.1. Accession Number. For use in indicating additional sources of a
      document. This number may be used by OpenNet users when requesting a
      document. The Accession Number is a unique identifier of up to 13
      alphanumeric characters only (A-Z, a-z, or 0-9). The transmitting field or
      program office is responsible for assuring that the number is unique
      within its jurisdiction. OSTI will add a two-character prefix to assure
      the number's uniqueness across DOE for a maximum size of 15 characters.

      2.a.2. Document Location: This should identify additional sources where
      the public may go to obtain a copy of the document. At a minimum, this
      entry must contain a point of contact and enough additional information to
      enable a user to order a document (e.g., address, phone number, fax
      number, e-mail address, etc.). Multiple location entries may be provided;
      separate multiple locations with a semicolon and a space. Note: If a
      standard location will be used (e.g., a public documents reading room),
      OSTI can provide an availability code which can be entered instead of the
      location text.

      2.b. Field Office Acronym: Use the appropriate acronym provided in OpenNet
      DeClassified Information Database Data Input Specifications, revised
      December 15, 1994.

      2.c. Declassification Date: Provide the declassification date for any
      document that has been declassified and publicly released.

      2.d. Declassification Status: Required for all documents being entered
      into OpenNet. Check "Sanitized" for documents with portions deleted for
      privacy or security reasons, and enter a declassification date if the
      sanitized document is also a declassified document. Check "Never
      classified" for documents that have never been classified and are being
      made publicly available.

      2.e. OpenNet Document Categories. For information products which will be
      included in the OpenNet Database, provide the appropriate two-level
      subject categories based on the list in OpenNet DeClassified Information
      Database Data Input Specifications, revised December 15, 1994. The list of
      OpenNet document categories is also available at URL
      http://www.doe.gov/html/osti/opennet/opencats.html.
<PAGE>

                             FORM 241.1 INSTRUCTIONS
                                                                     (p. 3 of 3)

      2.f. OpenNet Addressee. Provide the name and address of the recipient of
      the information product if it is a memo, letter, or similar type of
      product.

      3. U.S. Dissemination Only. STI products suitable for this designation are
      those which otherwise are not protectable under FOIA, but whose content
      falls under the subject areas described in the sensitive subjects
      attachment of DOE Order 1240.2B, Unclassified Visits and Assignments by
      Foreign Nationals.

      4-13. Refer to ATTACHMENT 7 of the DOE Guide 241.1-1, Guide to the
      Management of Scientific and Technical Information.

      4. Copyrighted material. A copyright restriction on part or all of the
      contents of the STI product may affect the reproduction and distribution
      of the product by OSTI. Any restriction must be specified.

      11. Program-Directed Special Handling. Provide a reference to specific
      guidance or attach a copy of the specific guidance.

      14. Classified. STI products will be announced by OSTI in accordance with
      DOE/OSTI--3679- Rev.75.

      15. Other information relevant to access (specify: for OSTI internal use
      only). Indicate the type of access limitation. Provide a reference to
      specific guidance or attach a copy of the specific guidance.

B.    OTHER. Include other useful information which should be included in the
      published announcement record, but does not fit elsewhere on the form.

C.    CONTACT AND RELEASING OFFICIAL

      1. Contact. Provide the organization or individual(s) name with
      corresponding contact information who will be included in the published
      citation as the point of contact and will respond to external questions
      about the content of the STI product.

      2. Releasing Official. This is a required field. Provide the name and
      additional information of the site's individual(s) responsible for the
      appropriate review and release of the STI product. Do not forward this
      form or the STI product until after it has been reviewed and released for
      announcement

                         0MB BURDEN DISCLOSURE STATEMENT

Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to
average 10 minutes per response, including the time for reviewing instructions,
searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the data needed, and
completing and reviewing the collection of information. Send comments regarding
this burden estimate or any other aspect of this collection of information,
including suggestions for reducing this burden, to the Office of Information,
Records, and Resource Management, HR-41, GTN, Paperwork Reduction Project
(1910-1400), U.S. Department of Energy, Washington, DC 20874-1290; or to the
Office of Management and Budget (0MB)
<PAGE>

DOE F 4600.1 (8-93)        U.S. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY
                      NOTICE OF FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AWARD
                         (See Instructions on Reverse)

Under the authority of Public Law 95-91, U.S. Department of Energy Organization
Act and subject to legislation, regulations and policies applicable to (cite
legislative program title): Office of Transportation Technologies, Advanced
Automotive Technologies

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                    <C>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.  PROJECT TITLE                                                      2. INSTRUMENT TYPE

Research, Development and Demonstration of an Automotive                   |_| GRANT      |X| COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT
Integrated Power Module (AIPM) for a New Generation of Vehicles       --------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------    4. INSTRUMENT NO.                5. AMENDMENT NO.
3.  RECIPIENT (Name, address, zip code, area code and telephone no.)      DE-FC02-99EE50570                    M001
                                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------
    SatCon Technology Corporation                                      6. BUDGET  FROM: 09/30/1999      7. PROJECT  FROM: 09/30/1999
    161 First Street                                                      PERIOD  THRU: 02/27/2000         PERIOD   THRU: 02/27/2000
    Cambridge, MA 02142-1221
                                         617/661-0540
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
8.  RECIPIENT PROJECT DIRECTOR (Name and telephone No.)                10. TYPE OF AWARD
                                                                           |_| New        |_| Continuation   |_| Renewal
    William F. Bonnice [(617) 349-0869]
- -------------------------------------------------------------------        |X| Revision   |_| Supplement
9.  RECIPIENT BUSINESS OFFICER (Name and telephone No.)               --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       12. ADMINISTERED FOR DOE BY (Name, address, zip code,
    James L. Kirtley, Jr. [(617) 349-0820]                                                          telephone No.)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------    John P. Motz                           630/252-2152
11. DOE PROJECT OFFICER (Name, address, zip code, telephone No.)       U.S. Department of Energy/ACQ
                                                                       Chicago Operations Office
    David Hamilton                     U.S. Department of Energy       9800 South Cass Avenue
    EE-32                              1000 Independence Ave.          Argonne, IL 60439
    (202) 586-2314                     Washington, DC 20585-0121
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
13. RECIPIENT TYPE

           |_| STATE GOV'T  |_| INDIAN TRIBAL GOV'T   |_| HOSPITAL          |X| FOR PROFIT      |_| INDIVIDUAL
                                                                                 ORGANIZATION
           |_| LOCAL GOV'T  |_| INSTITUTION OF        |_| OTHER NONPROFIT                       |_| OTHER (Specify)
                                 HIGHER EDUCATION          ORGANIZATION     |X| C |_| P |_| SP
                                                                                                 ------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
14. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATIONS DATA                                          15. EMPLOYER I.D. NUMBER
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    a. Appropriation Symbol   b. B & R Number   C. FT/AFP/OC   d. CFA Number            04-2857552
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              --                    --               --              --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
16. BUDGET AND FUNDING INFORMATION
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
a.  CURRENT BUDGET PERIOD INFORMATION                                  b. CUMULATIVE DOE OBLIGATIONS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (1) DOE Funds Obligated This Action                       $0.00    (1) This Budget Period                    $1,425,057.00
                                                     --------------        [Total of lines a.(1) and a.(3)]      -------------
    (2) DOE Funds Authorized for Carry Over                   $0.00
                                                     --------------
    (3) DOE Funds Previously Obligated in this
        Budget Period                                 $1,425,057.00
                                                     --------------    (2) Prior Budget Periods                          $0.00
    (4) DOE Share of Total Approved Budget            $1,425,057.00                                              -------------
                                                     --------------
    (5) Recipient Share of Total Approved Budget      $1,628,695.00
                                                     --------------    (3) Project Period to Date                $1,425,057.00
    (6) Total Approved Budget                         $3,053,752.00        [Total of lines b.(1) and b.(2)]      -------------
                                                     --------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
17. TOTAL ESTIMATED COST OF PROJECT
                                         $ N/A
                                           --------------------------------------------------------
    (This is the current estimated cost of the project. It is not a promise to award nor an authorization to expend funds in
    this amount)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
18. AWARD/AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
    This award/agreement consists of this form plus the following:
    a. Special Terms and conditions.
    b. Applicable program regulations (specify)  N/A                                             (Date)
                                                 -----------------------------------------------        ---------
    c. DOE Financial Assistance Rules, 10 CFR Part 600, as amended.
    d. Application/proposal dated 10/14/98 as amended by SatCon ltr. dated 9/21/9, |X| as submitted  |_| with changes as negotiated
                                  ------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
19. REMARKS
    This amendment extends the budget and project period by 30 days from 1/28/00 to 2/27/00 as reflected in blocks 6 & 7 above.
    Additionally, item 10 of the Special Terms and Conditions for Financial Assistance Awards is hereby amended by substituting
    "150 days" for "120 days". All other terms and conditions remain unchanged.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20. EVIDENCE OF RECIPIENT ACCEPTANCE                                   21. AWARDED BY
/s/ M.C. Turnelle                                           1/13/00    /s/ James R. Bieschke                                  1/7/00
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
(Signature of Authorized Recipient Official)                 (Date)                            (Signature)                    (Date)

                         Michael C. Turnelle                           James R. Bieschke, Director
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Name)                                                            (Name)
                                                                       Operations Division
                                                                       Acquisition and Assistance Group
                               VP, CEO                                 Contracting Officer
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Title)                                                           (Title)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

SatCon Technology Corporation                          Cooperative Agreement No.
                                                       DE-FCO2-99EE50570
                                                       Page No. 2

19.   REMARKS (Continued)

      a.    The following terms and conditions, attached hereto, are made a part
            hereof:

            1.    Budget Page -- DOE F 4620.1

            2.    Statement of Work (SatCon 120 Day Program Plan)

            3.    Special Terms and Conditions for Financial Assistance Awards,
                  coded SPRG-0299/APM;

            4.    Additional Special Provisions;

            5.    Intellectual Property Provision -- Research, Development, or
                  Demonstration, Domestic Small Business and NonProfit
                  Organizations coded, SBNP-498; and

            6.    Federal Assistance Reporting Checklist, dated 9/28/99.

      b.    All references to the terms "grant(s)" or "contract(s)" shall be
            read as "cooperative agreement" or "agreement"; the terms "grantee"
            or "contract" shall be read as "participant, recipient or awardee";
            the term "subgrant" shall be read as "subaward"; and the terms
            "subcontract" or "contract" awarded under a grant shall be read as
            "contract" under a cooperative agreement.

      c.    The following item No. 10 is added to the Special Terms and
            Conditions for Financial Assistance Awards:

            "10.  FUNDING

            It is the intention of Government and the Participant to share the
            allowable and allocable costs of performance of the work on a 46.7
            percent (Government) and 53.3 percent (Participant) based on the
            total cost of the project in Block No. 16.a(6) of the Notice of
            Financial Assistance Award face page.

            The Government's share obligated in this agreement, in the amount of
            $1,425,057.00, is subject to the following conditions and
            limitations:

            a.    Funds in the amount of $1,425,057.00 are provided for the
                  reimbursement of the Government's share of costs associated
                  with the performance of the Statement of Work attached hereto.

            b.    The parties have 120 days to complete negotiations of the
                  Participant's proposal, dated 10-14-98, submitted in response
                  to Solicitation No. DE-SC02-98EE50525. It is the intent of the
                  Government to issue an amendment for the completion of the
                  entire scope of work, inclusive of the required 50/50 percent
                  cost share within the 120 days. If, after 120 days, an
                  agreement is not reached and an amendment not executed for
                  further work performance, the parties do hereby mutually
                  agree, that the allowable and allocable costs incurred, under
                  this cooperative agreement, shall be reimbursed on a 46.7
                  percent (Government) and 53.3 percent (Participant).
                  Notwithstanding the total costs incurred for work under this
                  agreement, the cost share to the Government shall not exceed
                  $1,425,057.00."
<PAGE>

DOE F 4600.1 (8-93)          U.S. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY
                      NOTICE OF FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AWARD
                          (See Instructions on Reverse)

Under the authority of Public Law 95-91, U.S. Department of Energy Organization
Act and subject to legislation, regulations and policies applicable to (cite
legislative program title): Advanced Automotive Technologies

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                    <C>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.  PROJECT TITLE                                                      2. INSTRUMENT TYPE

Research, Development and Demonstration of an Automotive                   |_| GRANT      |X| COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT
Integrated Power Module (AIPM) for a New Generation of Vehicles       --------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------    4. INSTRUMENT NO.                5. AMENDMENT NO.
3.  RECIPIENT (Name, address, zip code, area code and telephone no.)      DE-FC02-99EE50570                      M002
                                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------
    SatCon Technology Corporation                                      6. BUDGET  FROM: 09/30/1999      7. PROJECT  FROM: 09/30/1999
    161 First Street                                                      PERIOD  THRU: 03/28/2000         PERIOD   THRU: 03/28/2000
    Cambridge, MA 02142-1221
                                         617/661-0540
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.  RECIPIENT PROJECT DIRECTOR (Name and telephone No.)                10. TYPE OF AWARD
                                                                           |_| New        |_| Continuation   |_| Renewal
    William F. Bonnice [(617) 349-0869]
- -------------------------------------------------------------------        |X| Revision   |_| Supplement
9.  RECIPIENT BUSINESS OFFICER (Name and telephone No.)               --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       12. ADMINISTERED FOR DOE BY (Name, address, zip code,
    James L. Kirtley, Jr. [(617) 349-0820]                                                          telephone No.)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------    John P. Motz                            630/252-2152
11. DOE PROJECT OFFICER (Name, address, zip code, telephone No.)       U.S. Department of Energy/ACQ
                                                                       Chicago Operations Office
    David Hamilton                     U.S. Department of Energy       9800 South Cass Avenue
    EE-32                              1000 Independence Ave.          Argonne, IL 60439
    (202) 586-2314                     Washington, DC 20585-0121
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
13. RECIPIENT TYPE

           |_| STATE GOV'T  |_| INDIAN TRIBAL GOV'T   |_| HOSPITAL          |X| FOR PROFIT      |_| INDIVIDUAL
                                                                                ORGANIZATION
           |_| LOCAL GOV'T  |_| INSTITUTION OF        |_| OTHER NONPROFIT                       |_| OTHER (Specify)
                                HIGHER EDUCATION          ORGANIZATION      |X| C |_| P|_| SP
                                                                                                 _______________________
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
14. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATIONS DATA                                          15. EMPLOYER I.D. NUMBER
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    a. Appropriation Symbol   b. B & R Number   C. FT/AFP/CC   d. CFA Number            04-2857552
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              --                    --                --             --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
16. BUDGET AND FUNDING INFORMATION
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
a.  CURRENT BUDGET PERIOD INFORMATION                                  b. CUMULATIVE DOE OBLIGATIONS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (1) DOE Funds Obligated This Action                       $0.00    (1) This Budget Period                    $1,425,057.00
                                                     --------------        [Total of lines a.(1) and a.(3)]      -------------
    (2) DOE Funds Authorized for Carry Over                   $0.00
                                                     --------------
    (3) DOE Funds Previously Obligated in this
        Budget Period                                 $1,425,057.00
                                                     --------------    (2) Prior Budget Periods                          $0.00
    (4) DOE Share of Total Approved Budget            $1,425,057.00                                              -------------
                                                     --------------
    (5) Recipient Share of Total Approved Budget      $1,628,695.00
                                                     --------------    (3) Project Period to Date                $1,425,057.00
    (6) Total Approved Budget                         $3,053,752.00        [Total of lines b.(1) and b.(2)]      -------------
                                                     --------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
17. TOTAL ESTIMATED COST OF PROJECT
                                       $ N/A
                                         --------------------------------------------------------
    (This is the current estimated cost of the project. It is not a promise to award nor an authorization to expend funds in
    this amount.)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
18. AWARD/AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
    This award/agreement consists of this form plus the following:
    a. Special terms and conditions.
    b. Applicable program regulations (specify)  N/A                                             (Date)
                                                 -----------------------------------------------        ---------
    c. DOE Financial Assistance Rules, 10 CFR Part 600, as amended.
    d. Application/proposal dated 10/14/98 as amended by SatCon ltr. dated 9/21/9  |X| as submitted   |_| with changes as negotiated
                                  -----------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
19. REMARKS

    This amendment extends the budget and project period by 30 days from 2/27/00 to 3/28/00 as reflected in block 6 & 7 above.
    Additionally, item 10 of the Special Terms and Conditions for Financial Assistance Awards is hereby amended by substituting "180
    days" fo "150 days"; and in Clause No. 1, Cost Share Contributions, of the Additional Special Provisions, the date "March 28,
    2000" is substituted for the date "January 28, 1999". All other terms and conditions remain unchanged.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20. EVIDENCE OF RECIPIENT ACCEPTANCE                                   21. AWARDED BY

            /s/ Sean Moran                                   3/3/00                     /s/ Gaile A. Hagashi                 2-25-00
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
(Signature of Authorized Recipient Official)                 (Date)                            (Signature)                    (Date)

                            Sean Moran                                                      Gaile A. Higashi
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Name)                                                            (Name)

                                                                                     Acquisition and Assistance Group
                     Chief Financial Officer                                              Contracting Officer
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Title)                                                           (Title)

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

          Special Terms and Conditions for Financial Assistance Awards

The requirements of this attachment take precedence over all other requirements
of this award found in regulations, the general terms and conditions, DOE
orders, etc., except requirements of statutory law. Any apparent contradiction
of statutory law stated herein should be presumed to be in error until recipient
has sought and received clarification from the Contracting Officer.

1.    PAYMENT OFFICE

            CR-54 / CHO
            Account Payable Division
            U. S. Department of Energy
            P.O. Box 500
            Germantown, MD 20874-0500

2.    FINANCE OFFICE

            U. S. Department of Energy
            Chicago Operations Office
            Financial Services Group
            9800 South Cass Avenue
            Argonne, Illinois 60439

3.    PAYMENT - Advance Payment under this award will be made by:

      |_|   Department of Health & Human Services (DHHS) Payment Management
            System (PMS), formerly DOE Letter of Credit.

            The recipient shall request cash only as needed for immediate
            disbursements, shall report cash disbursements in a timely manner,
            and shall impose the same standards of timing and amount, including
            reporting requirements, on secondary recipients.

      |X|   Automated Clearing House (ACH)

            An original Request for Advance or Reimbursement, SF 270, shall be
            submitted as necessary to the Payment Office specified in Section 1.
            above, and one copy of the SF 270 shall be submitted to the Contract
            Specialist specified in Block 12 of the Notice of Financial
            Assistance Award (DOE F 4600.1). The timing and amount of advances
            shall be as close as is administratively feasible to the actual
            disbursements. Such requests shall not be made in excess of
            reasonable estimates of cash outlays for a 30 day period.

            Payment under this award will be accomplished by the Payment Office
            via ACH, an electronic funds transfer. A completed "Automated
            Clearing House (ACE) Vendor Miscellaneous Payment Enrollment Form"
            must be on file with the Finance Office prior to processing your
            payment.

                                                                   SPRG-1299/APM

<PAGE>
                                     - 2 -


4.    DECONTAMINATION AND/OR DECOMMISSIONING D&D COSTS

      Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, including but not
      limited to FAR 31.205-31, when applicable, as incorporated by Financial
      Assistance Rule 600.127(a), the Government shall not be responsible for or
      have any obligation to the recipient for (i) Decontamination and/or
      Decommissioning (D&D) of any of the Recipient's facilities, or (ii) any
      costs which may be incurred by the Recipient in connection with the D&D of
      any of its facilities due to the performance of the work under this
      Agreement, whether said work was performed prior to or subsequent to the
      effective date of this Agreement.

S.    FEDERALLY-OWNED PROPERTY

      If you acquire federally-owned property under this award whether
      fabricated, furnished or purchased with Capital Equipment Funds, then a
      listing of such property shall be submitted on DOE F 4300.3, Summary
      Report of DOE-Owned Plant & Capital Equipment, to the Contracting Officer
      within 45 days after August 31 of each year and within 30 days after the
      project period ends. The report must separately identify items which were
      fabricated, furnished, or purchased with Capital Equipment funds under
      this award.

      Any Capital Equipment funds and the equipment to be purchased, fabricated,
      or furnished with such funds are indicated on Page No. 2 of the Notice of
      Financial Assistance Award.

6.    NOTICE REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF AMERICAN-MADE EQUIPMENT AND PRODUCTS -
      SENSE OF CONGRESS

      It is the sense of the Congress that, to the greatest extent practicable,
      all equipment and products purchased with funds made available under this
      award should be American-made.

7.    NOTICE REGARDING UNALLOWABLE COSTS AND LOBBYING ACT] VITIES

      Recipients of financial assistance are cautioned to carefully review the
      allowable cost and other provisions applicable to expenditures under their
      particular award instruments. If financial assistance funds are spent for
      purposes or in amounts inconsistent with the allowable cost or any other
      provisions governing expenditures in an award instrument, the government
      may pursue a number of remedies against the recipient, including in
      appropriate circumstances, recovery of such funds, termination of the
      award, suspension or debarment of the recipient from future awards, and
      criminal prosecution for false statements.

                                                                   SPRG-1299/APM

<PAGE>
                                     - 3 -


      Particular care should be taken by the recipient to comply with the
      provisions prohibiting the expenditure of funds for Lobbying and related
      activities. Financial assistance awards may be used to describe and
      promote the understanding of scientific and technical aspects of specific
      energy technologies, but not to encourage or support political activities
      such as the collection and dissemination of information related to
      potential, planned or pending legislation.

8.    ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS

      If the appropriation symbol contained in Block 14.a of the Notice of
      Financial Assistance Award for this award is listed below, paragraph 8.a.
      is applicable to this award, otherwise paragraph 8.b. applies:

        89X0213.91       89X0215.91        89X0234.91        89X0235.91

      a.    Department of Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act:

            1.    Lobbying Restriction (Interior Act, 2000)

                  The awardee agrees that none of the funds obligated on this
                  award shall be made available for any activity or the
                  publication or distribution of literature that in any way
                  tends to promote public support or opposition to any
                  legislative proposal on which Congressional action is not
                  complete. This restriction is in addition to those prescribed
                  elsewhere in statute and regulation.

            2.    Compliance With Buy American Act

                  In accepting this award, the recipient agrees to comply with
                  sections 2 through 4 of the Act of March [ILLEGIBLE], 1933 (41
                  U.S.C. 10a-10c, popularly known as the "Buy American Act").
                  The recipient should review the provisions of the Act to
                  ensure that expenditures made under this award are in
                  accordance with it.

                                                                   SPRG-1299/APM

<PAGE>
                                     - 4 -


      b.    Energy & Water Development Appropriations Act:

            Lobbying Restriction (Energy and Water Act, 2(00)

                  The awardee agrees that none of the funds obligated on this
                  award shall be expended, directly or indirectly, to influence
                  congressional action on any legislation or appropriation
                  matters pending before Congress, other then to communicate to
                  Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. This
                  restriction is in addition to those prescribed elsewhere in
                  statute and regulation.

9.    REPORTING

      Failure to comply with the reporting requirements contained in this award
      will be considered a material noncompliance with the terms of the award.
      Noncompliance may result in a withholding of future payments, suspension
      or termination of the current award, and withholding of future awards. A
      willful failure to perform, a history of failure to perform, or of
      unsatisfactory performance of this and/or other financial assistance
      awards, may also result in a debarment action to preclude future awards by
      Federal agencies.

                                                                   SPRG-1299/APM

<PAGE>

DOE F 4600.1               U.S. Department of Energy
(03-94)              FEDERAL ASSISTANCE REPORTING CHECKLIST

Replaces EIA-459A
All Other Editions are Obsolete
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Identification Number:

         DE-FC02-99EE50570
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. Program/Project Title: Research, Development and Demonstration of an
Automotive Integrated Power Module (AIPM)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Recipient:

SatCon Technology Corporation
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Reporting Requirements:               Frequency  No. of Copies    Addressees
                                         ---------------------------------------
PROGRAM/PROJECT MANAGEMENT REPORTING                                 See below

|_| DOE F 4600.3, "Federal Assistance
    Milestone Plan"

|_| DOE F 4600.3A, "Milestone Log"

|X| DOE F 4600.4, "Federal Assistance
    Budget Information"                     X         Orig + 1

|_| DOE F 4600.5, "Federal Assistance
    Management Summary Report"

|_| DOE F 4600.6, "Federal Assistance
    Program/Project Status Report"

|X| SF-269 or SF-269-A, "Financial
    Status Report"                          Q,F       Orig + 1

TECHNICAL INFORMATION REPORTING

|_| DOE F 1430.22, Notice of Energy
    RD&D Project

|X| Technical Progress Report**             Q         Orig + 1

|_| Topical Report**

|X| Final Technical Report**                F         Orig + 1

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FREQUENCY CODES AND DUE DATES:

A - As Necessary; within 5 calendar days after events.

F - Final; 90 calendar days after the performance of the effort ends.

Q - Quarterly; within 30 days after end of calendar quarter or portion thereof.

O - One time after project starts; within 30 days after award.

X - Required with proposals or the application or with significant planning
    changes.

Y - Yearly: 30 days after the end of program year. (Financial Status Reports 90
    days).

S - Semiannually; within 30 days after end of program fiscal half year.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Special Instructions:

A. **All scientific, technical documents, and technical reports ie. Quarterly,
progress reports, periodic scientific, final report, and conference papers shall
be submitted with 2 copies of DOE Form 241.1. Announcement of U.S. Department of
Energy (DOE) Scientific and Technical Information (STI), Quarterly reports may
consist of presentation materials and supplemental notes.

B. Submit DOE-review meeting agendas 10 days prior to any meeting to the
addresses in "E" below. Submit copy of viewgraphs within 10 days after the
completion of review meetings.

C. Submit SF-272 on a quarterly basis to the addresses below.

D. Submit monthly reports to the addresses below consisting of a short status
covering completed milestones, significant programmatic events for the period,
or upcoming events and other progress and budget information to monitor the
expenditure of funds.

E. MAIL REPORTS TO:         Original - Contracting Officer
                                       U. S. Department Of Energy
                                       Chicago Operations Office
                                       9800 South Cass Avenue
                                       Argonne, Illinois 60439

                            1 copy  -  David B. Hamilton
                                       US Department of Energy EE-32
                                       1000 Independence Ave. S
                                       Washington DC 20585
                                       Tel: 202-586-3214 Fax: 202-586-7409
                                       Email: david.hamilton@ee doe.gov
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. Prepared by: (Signature and Date)

   /s/ David B Hamilton      2/15/2000

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. Reviewed by: (Signature and Date)

   /s/ [ILLEGIBLE]           2/18/00
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

DOE F 4600.1 (8-93)          U.S. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY
                      NOTICE OF FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AWARD
                          (See Instructions on Reverse)

Under the authority of Public Law 95-91, U.S. Department of Energy Organization
Act and subject to legislation, regulations and policies applicable to (cite
legislative program title): Advanced Automotive Technologies

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                    <C>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.  PROJECT TITLE                                                      2. INSTRUMENT TYPE

Research, Development and Demonstration of an Automotive                   |_| GRANT      |X| COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT
Integrated Power Module (AIPM) for a New Generation of Vehicles       --------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------    4. INSTRUMENT NO.                5. AMENDMENT NO.
3.  RECIPIENT (Name, address, zip code, area code and telephone no.)      DE-FC02-99EE50570                      A003
                                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------
    SatCon Technology Corporation                                      6. BUDGET  FROM: 09/30/1999      7. PROJECT  FROM: 09/30/1999
    161 First Street                                                      PERIOD  THRU: 09/29/2002         PERIOD   THRU: 09/29/2002
    Cambridge, MA 02142-1221
                                         617/661-0540
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.  RECIPIENT PROJECT DIRECTOR (Name and telephone No.)                10. TYPE OF AWARD
                                                                           |_| New        |_| Continuation   |_| Renewal
    William F. Bonnice [(617) 349-0869]
- -------------------------------------------------------------------        |X| Revision   |_| Supplement
9.  RECIPIENT BUSINESS OFFICER (Name and telephone No.)               --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       12. ADMINISTERED FOR DOE BY (Name, address, zip code,
    James L. Kirtley, Jr. [(617) 349-0820]                                                          telephone No.)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------    John P. Motz                            630/252-2152
11. DOE PROJECT OFFICER (Name, address, zip code, telephone No.)       U.S. Department of Energy/ACQ
                                                                       Chicago Operations Office
    David Hamilton                     U.S. Department of Energy       9800 South Cass Avenue
    EE-32                              1000 Independence Ave.          Argonne, IL 60439
    (202) 586-2314                     Washington, DC 20585-0121
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
13. RECIPIENT TYPE

           |_| STATE GOV'T   |_| INDIAN TRIBAL GOV'T    |_| HOSPITAL          |X| FOR PROFIT      |_| INDIVIDUAL
                                                                                  ORGANIZATION
           |_| LOCAL GOV'T   |_| INSTITUTION OF         |_| OTHER NONPROFIT                       |_| OTHER (Specify)
                                 HIGHER EDUCATION           ORGANIZATION      |X| C |_| P|_| SP
                                                                                                 _______________________
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
14. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATIONS DATA                                          15. EMPLOYER I.D. NUMBER
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    a. Appropriation Symbol   b. B & R Number   C. FT/AFP/CC   d. CFA Number            04-2857552
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           89X0215.91             EE-05-01        HA/CH/410          --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
16. BUDGET AND FUNDING INFORMATION
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
a.  CURRENT BUDGET PERIOD INFORMATION                                  b. CUMULATIVE DOE OBLIGATIONS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (1) DOE Funds Obligated This Action                 $988,000.00    (1) This Budget Period                    $2,413,057.00
                                                     --------------        [Total of lines a.(1) and a.(3)]      -------------
    (2) DOE Funds Authorized for Carry Over                   $0.00
                                                     --------------
    (3) DOE Funds Previously Obligated in this
        Budget Period                                 $1,425,057.00
                                                     --------------    (2) Prior Budget Periods                          $0.00
    (4) DOE Share of Total Approved Budget            $9,996,964.00                                              -------------
                                                     --------------
    (5) Recipient Share of Total Approved Budget      $9,997,044.00
                                                     --------------    (3) Project Period to Date                $2,413,057.00
    (6) Total Approved Budget                        $19,994,008.00        [Total of lines b.(1) and b.(2)]      -------------
                                                     --------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
17. TOTAL ESTIMATED COST OF PROJECT
                                       $ N/A
                                         --------------------------------------------------------
    (This is the current estimated cost of the project. It is not a promise to award nor an authorization to expend funds in
    this amount.)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
18. AWARD/AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
    This award/agreement consists of this form plus the following:
    a. Special terms and conditions.
    b. Applicable program regulations (specify)  N/A                                             (Date)
                                                 -----------------------------------------------        ---------
    c. DOE Financial Assistance Rules, 10 CFR Part 600, as amended.
    d. Application/proposal dated 10/14/98 as amended by SatCon ltr. dated 9/21/99 w/budget revised 2/23/00
                                  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                   |X| as submitted   |_| with changes as negotiated
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
19. REMARKS

    See the attached page No. 2.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20. EVIDENCE OF RECIPIENT ACCEPTANCE                                   21. AWARDED BY

/s/ L.E. Lesster                                           3/23/00     /s/ James R. Bieschke                                 3/20/00
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
(Signature of Authorized Recipient Official)                (Date)                             (Signature)                    (Date)

    L.E. LESSTER                                                           James R. Bieschke, Director
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Name)                                                            (Name)
                                                                       Operations Division
      GENRAL MANAGER, SATCON                                           Acquisition and Assistance Group
      TECHNOLOGY CENTER                                                Contracting Officer
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Title)                                                           (Title)

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                                       Amendment No A003 to
                                                       Cooperative Agreement No.
                                                       DE-FCO2-99EE50570
                                                       Page 2 of 5


1.    REMARKS (continued)

      1.    The following revisions are effective for performance under this
            cooperative agreement on or after the effective date of this
            amendment

            a)    The DOE share of the total approved budget, as reflected in
                  block no. 16.a.(4), is increased by $8,571,907, from
                  $1,425,057 to $9,996,964.

            b)    The recipient share of the total approved budget, a reflected
                  in block no. 16.a.(5), is increased by $8,368,349 from
                  $1,628,695 to $9,997,044.

            c)    The total approved budget, as reflected in block no. 16.a.(6),
                  is increased by $16,940,256, from $3,053,752 to $19,994,008.

            d)    The cumulative DOE obligation for this budget period as
                  reflected in block no. 16.b.(1) of the Notice of Financial
                  Assistance Award is increased by $988,000 from $1,425,057 to
                  $2,413,057.

            e)    The U.S. Department of Energy Budget Page, DOEF 4620.1,
                  attached hereto, is substituted for the budget page
                  incorporated under Amendment A000.

            f)    The Federal Assistance Reporting Checklist, DOEF 4600.2,
                  attached hereto, is substituted for the Reporting Checklist
                  incorporated under Amendment A000.

            g)    The Special Terms and Conditions for Financial Assisstance
                  Awards coded SPRG-1299/APM, attached hereto, are substituted
                  the Special Terms and Conditions for Financial Assistance
                  Awards coded SPRG-0299/APM.

            h)    The Statement of work attached hereto is hereby added to the
                  120 day Statement of Work incorporated under Amendment A000.

            i)    Clause 1, "Cost Share Contributions", of the "Additional
                  Special Provisions" is hereby deleted and replaced with the
                  following:

                  "COST-SHARING CONTRIBUTIONS

                  It is the intention of the Government and the Recipient to
                  share the total allowable and allocable costs for performance
                  of the work under this Agreement during the budget/project
                  period beginning 9/30/99 and

<PAGE>

                                                       Amendment No A003 to
                                                       Cooperative Agreement No.
                                                       DE-FCO2-99EE50570
                                                       Page 3 of 5


                  ending 9/29/02, on a DOE 50%/SatCon 50% basis. As a result,
                  the Government's contribution toward the aforementioned
                  budget/project period shall be $9,996,964, as specified in
                  Block 15.a.(4) of the face page, and the Recipient's
                  contribution shall be $9,997,044, as specified in Block
                  16.a(5) of the face page. The cost share percentages specified
                  above shall also apply to any increase in the Total Approved
                  Budget, specified in Block 16.a.(6) of the face page.
                  Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, it is
                  understood by the parties that no additional Federal funding
                  above that specified in Block 16.b.(3) of the face page will
                  be provided under this Agreement notwithstanding the total
                  cost of the project at its completion. The Recipient further
                  understands and agrees that it is liable for its pro rata
                  share of the total allowable and allocable costs incurred for
                  work performed under this Agreement in the event the project
                  is terminated early or is not funded to its completion.

            j)    Clause 6, "Partially Funded Financial Assistance Award With
                  Cost Sharing", is hereby added to the "Additional Special
                  Provisions" as follows:

                  "PARTIALLY FUNDED FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AWARD WITH COST SHARING

                  This award is partially funded on a cost reimbursement basis
                  without fee or profit. The total estimated cost of the project
                  to be conducted during the current budget period specified in
                  Block 6. of the face page is $19,994,008, of which the
                  estimated cost to DOE is $9,996,964 and the estimated cost to
                  the Recipient is $9,997,044. The Cumulative DOE Obligation for
                  the current budget period is $2,413,057, and, subject to the
                  availability of additional funds, DOE anticipates obligating
                  an additional $7,583,907 hereunder for the current budget
                  period. The Recipient shall not be obligated to continue
                  performance of the project beyond the total of (a) the amount
                  of funds set forth as the Cumulative DOE Obligation specified
                  in Block 16.b.(1) of the face page, (b) the amount, if any,
                  set forth as DOE Funds Authorized for Carry Over in Block
                  16.a(2) of the face page, and (c) the amount of the
                  Recipient's current obligation for the current budget period,
                  viz., $2,413,076; provided, however, that, once the Cumulative
                  DOE Obligation has been increased by DOE to $9,996,964, the
                  Recipient's obligation shall be increased to a total amount of
                  $9,997,044, and the Recipient shall be expected to bring this
                  phase of the project (covered by the current budget period) to
                  its conclusion within the amount of $19,994,008, and there is
                  no commitment by DOE to provide any additional funding to the
                  Recipient. This award is subject to a refund of unexpended
                  funds to DOE."

<PAGE>

                                                       Amendment No A003 to
                                                       Cooperative Agreement No.
                                                       DE-FCO2-99EE50570
                                                       Page 4 of 5

            k)    Clause 7, "Authorization of Expenditures" is hereby added to
                  the "Additional Special Provisions," as follows:

                  "AUTHORIZATION OF EXPENDITURES

                  SatCon is not authorized to incur costs under this agreement
                  after September 30, 2000 until the DOE Contracting Officer
                  completes a determination of SatCon's financial viability for
                  the fiscal year beginning October 1, 2000 and an amendment is
                  issued to this Agreement. It is understood that the recipient
                  shall be responsible for furnishing information related to its
                  financial position to the Contracting Officer by July 21,
                  2000. Such information must be sufficient to allow the
                  Contracting Officer to determine the recipient's financial
                  viability, i.e., the recipient has sufficient resources to
                  meet its responsibility under the agreement. Notwithstanding
                  the total costs incurred for work under this agreement, the
                  cost share to the Government for any allowable and allocable
                  costs incurred shall not exceed the amount in block 16 b.(1)
                  of the Notice of Financial Assistance Award (DOEF 1600.1)."

            l)    Clause 8, "Ceiling on Rates for Allowable Overhead and General
                  and Administrative Costs to be Reimbursed by the Government"
                  is hereby added to the "Additional Special Provisions" as
                  follows:

                  "CEILING ON RATES FOR ALLOWABLE OVERHEAD AND GENERAL AND
                  ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS TO BE REIMBURSED BY THE GOVERNMENT

                  Reimbursement by the Government of any allowabe Overhead (OH)
                  costs shall be subject to a ceiling rate of 90% applied to the
                  appropriate base, as proposed, and reimbursement of allowable
                  General and Administrative (G&A) costs shall be subject to a
                  ceiling rate of 36% applied to the appropriate base, as
                  proposed. Any OH or G&A costs in excess of the ceiling rates
                  applicable to the respective bases shall not be reimbursed by
                  the Government nor be considered as cost share under this
                  Agreement or any other Government award.

                  Additionally, it is understood that, consistent with the
                  budget plan, neither OH nor G&A costs shall be applied to the
                  cost share portion of the budget. OH and G&A costs associated
                  with the cost share portion of the budget shall not be
                  considered as cost share under this Agreement nor any other
                  Government award."

            m)    Clause 9, "Invoice Instructions" is hereby added to the
                  "Additional Special Provisions" as follows:

<PAGE>

                                                       Amendment No A003 to
                                                       Cooperative Agreement No.
                                                       DE-FCO2-99EE50570
                                                       Page 5 of 5

                  "INVOICE INSTRUCTIONS

                  The recipient shall submit, with each invoice, documentation
                  identifying costs incurred by budget category for both the DOE
                  and Cost Shared portion of the budget. Documentation shall
                  identify both the cumulative amount of costs invoiced from
                  project inception, and the amount of the current invoice."

            n)    Clause 5, "FAR 52.227-23, Rights to Proposal Data (Technical)
                  (JUN 1987)", of the "Intellectual Property Provisions
                  Research, Development, or Demonstration, Domestic Small
                  Business and Nonprofit Organizations" is hereby amended to
                  except data contained on pages I3 -I10 for the application
                  dated October 14, 1998.

      2.    All other terms and conditions remain unchanged.

<PAGE>

                                                                      APPENDIX J

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DOE F 4620.1                             U.S. Department of Energy                                OMB Control No.
(04-83)                                        Budget Page                                        1910-1400
All Other Editions Are Obsolete        (See reverse for Instructions)                             OMB Burden Disclosure
                                                                                                  Statement on Reverse
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ORGANIZATION

SatCon Technology Corporation                                                           Budget Page No:     1
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR/PROJECT DIRECTOR                                                     PROJECT SUMMARY

William F. Bonnice                                                                  Requested Duration:  36   (months)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A.  SENIOR PERSONNEL: PI/PD, Co-PI's, Faculty and Other Senior Associates            DOE      COST SHARE       TOTAL
    (List each separately with title; A.6. show number in brackets     Hrs  $/hr.   SHARE    BY APPLICANT      COSTS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>      <C>  <C>           <C>          <C>
1.  Electrical Engineering                                          18,519   n/a     709,452             0       709,452
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.  Controls Engineering                                             3,899   n/a     143,062             0       143,062
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.  Mechanical Engineering                                          10,795   n/a     418,754             0       418,754
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.  Computer Aided Design (CAD)                                      2,458   n/a      78,103             0        78,103
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.  Program Management                                               6,351   n/a     313,198             0       313,198
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.  (   ) OTHERS (LIST INDIVIDUALLY ON BUDGET EXPLANATION PAGE)     13,387   n/a           0     5,192,879     5,192,879
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.  (   ) TOTAL SENIOR PERSONNEL (1-6)                              55,409   n/a  $1,662,569    $5,192,879    $6,855,448
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.  OTHER PERSONNEL (SHOW NUMBERS IN BRACKETS)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.  (   ) POST DOCTORAL ASSOCIATES                                       0   n/a           0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.  (   ) OTHER PROFESSIONAL (TECHNICIAN, PROGRAMMER, ETC.)          4,600   n/a     103,948             0       103,946
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.  (   ) GRADUATE STUDENTS                                              0   n/a           0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.  (   ) UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS                                         0   n/a           0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.  (   ) SECRETARIAL-CLERICAL                                           0   n/a           0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.  (   ) OTHER                                                      3,748   n/a     110,527             0       110,527
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL SALARIES AND WAGES (A+B)                                  63,757   n/a  $1,877,041    $5,192,879    $7,069,920
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
C.  FRINGE BENEFITS (IF CHARGED AS DIRECT COSTS)                                     694,505     1,921,365     2,615,870
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL SALARIES, WAGES AND FRINGE BENEFITS (A+B+C)                             $2,571,547    $7,114,244    $9,685,791
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
D.  PERMANENT EQUIPMENT (LIST ITEM AND DOLLAR AMOUNT FOR EACH ITEM.)                                     0             0
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
      Manufacturing and Automated Test Equipment                                           0     1,632,800     1,632,800
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
                                                                                           0             0             0
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
                                                                                           0             0             0
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
    TOTAL PERMANENT EQUIPMENT                                                             $0     1,632,800     1,632,800
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
E.  TRAVEL                 1. DOMESTIC (INCL. CANADA AND U.S. POSSESSIONS)           122,160             0       122,160
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           2. FOREIGN                                                      0             0             0
                           ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL TRAVEL                                                                    $122,160            $0      $122,160
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
F.  TRAINEE/PARTICIPANT COSTS
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
    1. STIPENDS (Itemize levels, types + totals on budget justification page)              0             0             0
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
    2. TUITION & FEES                                                                      0             0             0
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
    3. TRAINEE TRAVEL                                                                      0             0             0
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
    4. OTHER (fully explain on justification page)                                         0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL PARTICIPANTS (   ) TOTAL COST                                                   $0             0            $0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
G.  OTHER DIRECT COSTS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    1. MATERIALS AND SUPPLIES                                                        640,000     1,250,000     1,890,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. PUBLICATION COSTS/DOCUMENTATION/DISSEMINATION                                       0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    3. CONSULTANT SERVICES                                                                 0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    4. COMPUTER (ADPE) SERVICES                                                            0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    5. SUBCONTRACTS                                                                2,550,000             0     2,550,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    6. OTHER                                                                               0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       TOTAL OTHER DIRECT COSTS                                                   $3,190,000    $1,250,000    $4,440,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
H.  TOTAL DIRECT COSTS (A THROUGH G)                                              $5,883,707    $9,997,044   $15,880,751
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I.  INDIRECT COSTS (SPECIFY RATE AND BASE)                        Overhead         1,576,715             0     1,576,715
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
                                                                       G&A         2,536,543             0     2,536,543
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
    TOTAL INDIRECT COSTS                                                          $4,113,258            $0    $4,113,258
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
J.  TOTAL DIRECT AND INDIRECT COSTS (H+I)                                         $9,996,964    $9,997,044   $19,994,009
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
K.  AMOUNT OF ANY REQUIRED COST SHARING FROM NON-FEDERAL SOURCES                           0             0             0
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
L.  TOTAL COST OF PROJECT (J+K)                                                   $9,996,964    $9,997,044   $19,994,008
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                     DOE       APPLICANT       TOTAL
                                                                                ----------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>


DOE F 4600.1               U.S. Department of Energy
(03-94)              FEDERAL ASSISTANCE REPORTING CHECKLIST

Replaces EIA-459A
All Other Editions are Obsolete
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Identification Number:

         DE-FC02-99EE50570
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. Program/Project Title: Research, Development and Demonstration of an
Automotive Integrated Power Module (AIPM)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Recipient:

SatCon Technology Corporation
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Reporting Requirements:               Frequency  No. of Copies    Addressees
                                         ---------------------------------------
PROGRAM/PROJECT MANAGEMENT REPORTING                                 See below

|_| DOE F 4600.3, "Federal Assistance
    Milestone Plan"

|_| DOE F 4600.3A, "Milestone Log"

|X| DOE F 4600.4, "Federal Assistance
    Budget Information"                     X         Orig + 1

|_| DOE F 4600.5, "Federal Assistance
    Management Summary Report"

|_| DOE F 4600.6, "Federal Assistance
    Program/Project Status Report"

|X| SF-269 or SF-269-A, "Financial
    Status Report"                          Q,F       Orig + 1

TECHNICAL INFORMATION REPORTING

|_| DOE F 1430.22, Notice of Energy
    RD&D Project

|X| Technical Progress Report**             Q         Orig + 1

|_| Topical Report**

|X| Final Technical Report**                F         Orig + 1

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FREQUENCY CODES AND DUE DATES:

A - As Necessary; within 5 calendar days after events.

F - Final; 90 calendar days after the performance of the effort ends.

Q - Quarterly; within 30 days after end of calendar quarter or portion thereof.

O - One time after project starts; within 30 days after award.

X - Required with proposals or the application or with significant planning
    changes.

Y - Yearly: 30 days after the end of program year. (Financial Status Reports 90
    days).

S - Semiannually; within 30 days after end of program fiscal half year.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Special Instructions:

A. **All scientific, technical documents, and technical reports ie. Quarterly,
progress reports, periodic scientific, final report, and conference papers shall
be submitted with 2 copies of DOE Form 241.1. Announcement of U.S. Department of
Energy (DOE) Scientific and Technical Information (STI), Quarterly reports may
consist of presentation materials and supplemental notes.

B. Submit DOE-review meeting agendas 10 days prior to any meeting to the
addresses in "E" below. Submit copy of viewgraphs within 10 days after the
completion of review meetings.

C. Submit SF-272 on a quarterly basis to the addresses below.

D. Submit monthly reports to the addresses below consisting of a short status
covering completed milestones, significant programmatic events for the period,
or upcoming events and other progress and budget information to monitor the
expenditure of funds.

E. MAIL REPORTS TO:         Original - Contracting Officer
                                       U. S. Department Of Energy
                                       Chicago Operations Office
                                       9800 South Cass Avenue
                                       Argonne, Illinois 60439

                            1 copy  -  David B. Hamilton
                                       US Department of Energy EE-32
                                       1000 Independence Ave. S
                                       Washington DC 20585
                                       Tel: 202-586-3214 Fax: 202-586-7409
                                       Email: david.hamilton@ee doe.gov
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6. Prepared by: (Signature and Date)

   /s/ David B Hamilton      2/15/2000

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. Reviewed by: (Signature and Date)

   /s/ [ILLEGIBLE]           2/18/00
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

DOE F 4600.1 (8-93)          U.S. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY
                      NOTICE OF FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AWARD
                          (See Instructions on Reverse)

Under the authority of Public Law 95-91, U.S. Department of Energy Organization
Act and subject to legislation, regulations and policies applicable to (cite
legislative program title): Advanced Automotive Technologies

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                    <C>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.  PROJECT TITLE                                                      2. INSTRUMENT TYPE

Research, Development and Demonstration of an Automotive                   |_| GRANT      |X| COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT
Integrated Power Module (AIPM) for a New Generation of Vehicles       --------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------    4. INSTRUMENT NO.                5. AMENDMENT NO.
3.  RECIPIENT (Name, address, zip code, area code and telephone no.)      DE-FC02-99EE50570                      A004
                                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------
    SatCon Technology Corporation                                      6. BUDGET  FROM: 09/30/1999      7. PROJECT  FROM: 09/30/1999
    161 First Street                                                      PERIOD  THRU: 09/29/2002         PERIOD   THRU: 09/29/2002
    Cambridge, MA 02142-1221
                                         617/661-0540
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.  RECIPIENT PROJECT DIRECTOR (Name and telephone No.)                10. TYPE OF AWARD
                                                                           |_| New        |_| Continuation   |_| Renewal
    William F. Bonnice [(617) 349-0869]
- -------------------------------------------------------------------        |X| Revision   |_| Supplement
9.  RECIPIENT BUSINESS OFFICER (Name and telephone No.)               --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       12. ADMINISTERED FOR DOE BY (Name, address, zip code,
    Paul Heintel [(617) 349-0867]                                                                   telephone No.)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------    John P. Motz                            630/252-2152
11. DOE PROJECT OFFICER (Name, address, zip code, telephone No.)       U.S. Department of Energy/ACQ
                                                                       Chicago Operations Office
    David Hamilton                     U.S. Department of Energy       9800 South Cass Avenue
    EE-32                              1000 Independence Ave.          Argonne, IL 60439
    (202) 586-2314                     Washington, DC 20585-0121
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
13. RECIPIENT TYPE

           |_| STATE GOV'T   |_| INDIAN TRIBAL GOV'T    |_| HOSPITAL          |X| FOR PROFIT      |_| INDIVIDUAL
                                                                                  ORGANIZATION
           |_| LOCAL GOV'T   |_| INSTITUTION OF         |_| OTHER NONPROFIT                       |_| OTHER (Specify)
                                 HIGHER EDUCATION           ORGANIZATION      |X| C |_| P|_| SP
                                                                                                 _______________________
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
14. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATIONS DATA                                          15. EMPLOYER I.D. NUMBER
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    a. Appropriation Symbol   b. B & R Number   C. FT/AFP/CC   d. CFA Number            04-2857552
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           89X0215.91             EE-05-01        HA/CH/410          --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
16. BUDGET AND FUNDING INFORMATION
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
a.  CURRENT BUDGET PERIOD INFORMATION                                  b. CUMULATIVE DOE OBLIGATIONS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (1) DOE Funds Obligated This Action               $2,000,000.00    (1) This Budget Period                    $4,413,057.00
                                                     --------------        [Total of lines a.(1) and a.(3)]      -------------
    (2) DOE Funds Authorized for Carry Over                   $0.00
                                                     --------------
    (3) DOE Funds Previously Obligated in this
        Budget Period                                 $2,413,057.00
                                                     --------------    (2) Prior Budget Periods                          $0.00
    (4) DOE Share of Total Approved Budget            $9,996,964.00                                              -------------
                                                     --------------
    (5) Recipient Share of Total Approved Budget      $9,997,044.00
                                                     --------------    (3) Project Period to Date                $4,413,057.00
    (6) Total Approved Budget                        $19,994,008.00        [Total of lines b.(1) and b.(2)]      -------------
                                                     --------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
17. TOTAL ESTIMATED COST OF PROJECT
                                       $ N/A
                                         --------------------------------------------------------
    (This is the current estimated cost of the project. It is not a promise to award nor an authorization to expend funds in
    this amount.)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
18. AWARD/AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
    This award/agreement consists of this form plus the following:
    a. Special terms and conditions.
    b. Applicable program regulations (specify)  N/A                                             (Date)
                                                 -----------------------------------------------        ---------
    c. DOE Financial Assistance Rules, 10 CFR Part 600, as amended.
    d. Application/proposal dated 10/14/98 as amended by SatCon ltr. dated 9/21/9. |X| as submitted   |_| with changes as negotiated
                                  ------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
19. REMARKS

    See Page No. 2 of this Notice of Financial Assistance Award.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20. EVIDENCE OF RECIPIENT ACCEPTANCE                                   21. AWARDED BY

                                                                                         /s/ Gaile Hagashi                   4/27/00
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
(Signature of Authorized Recipient Official)                 (Date)                            (Signature)                    (Date)

                        /s/ L.E. LESSTER                   4/27/00
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Name)                                                            (Name)

               L.E. LESSTER, GENERAL MANAGER, S.T.C.
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Title)                                                           (Title)

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                                                      Amendment No. A004 to
                                                      Cooperative Agreement No.
                                                      DE-FC02-99EE50570
                                                      Page 2 of 2


19.   REMARKS (continued)

      a.    The following revisions are effective for performance under this
            cooperative agreement on or after the effective date of this
            amendment.

            (1)   The cumulative DOE obligation for this budget period as
                  reflected in block no. 16.b. (1) of the Notice of Financial
                  Assistance Award is increased by $2,000,000 from $2,413,057
                  to $4,413,057.

            (2)   Clause 6, Partially Funded Financial Assistance Award With
                  Cost Sharing, under the Additional Special Provisions is
                  hereby updated to reflect the cumulative DOE obligation for
                  the current budget period of $4,413,057, and the corresponding
                  amount of the Recipient's obligation for the budget period,
                  currently $4,413,092.

            (3)   Clause 1, Cost Share Contributions, of the Additional Special
                  Provisions, is hereby deleted and replaced with the foliowing:

                        "1. Cost Share Contributions

                        It is the intention of the Government and the
                        Participant to share the allowable and allocable costs
                        of performance of the work during this Agreement as set
                        forth herein.

                        The Government's contribution and support for this
                        Agreement during the project period 09/30/1999 through
                        09/29/2002 will be $9,996,964. The Participant will
                        contribute $9,997,044 toward the aforementioned project
                        period. It is the intention of the Government and the
                        Participant to share the allowable and allocable costs
                        of performance during the project period on a 50%
                        (Government) and 50% (Participant) basis. It is
                        understood by the parties that the DOE share of this
                        budget period is $9,996,964 and no additional Federal
                        funding will be provided notwithstanding the total cost
                        of the project at completion. The Recipient further
                        understands and agrees that it is liable for its pro
                        rata share of the total allowable and allocable costs
                        incurred for work performed under this Agreement in the
                        event the project is terminated early or is not funded
                        to its completion."

      b.    All other terms and conditions remain unchanged and in full force
            and effect.

<PAGE>

DOE F 4600.1 (8-93)          U.S. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY
                      NOTICE OF FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AWARD
                          (See Instructions on Reverse)

Under the authority of Public Law 95-91, U.S. Department of Energy Organization
Act and subject to legislation, regulations and policies applicable to (cite
legislative program title): Advanced Automotive Technologies

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                    <C>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.  PROJECT TITLE                                                      2. INSTRUMENT TYPE

Research, Development and Demonstration of an Automotive                   |_| GRANT      |X| COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT
Integrated Power Module (AIPM) for a New Generation of Vehicles       --------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------    4. INSTRUMENT NO.                5. AMENDMENT NO.
3.  RECIPIENT (Name, address, zip code, area code and telephone no.)      DE-FC02-99EE50570                      A005
                                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------
    SatCon Technology Corporation                                      6. BUDGET  FROM: 09/30/1999      7. PROJECT  FROM: 09/30/1999
    161 First Street                                                      PERIOD  THRU: 09/29/2002         PERIOD   THRU: 09/29/2002
    Cambridge, MA 02142-1221
                                         (617) 661-0540
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.  RECIPIENT PROJECT DIRECTOR (Name and telephone No.)                10. TYPE OF AWARD
                                                                           |_| New        |_| Continuation   |_| Renewal
    William F. Bonnice [(617) 349-0887]
- -------------------------------------------------------------------        |X| Revision   |_| Supplement
9.  RECIPIENT BUSINESS OFFICER (Name and telephone No.)               --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       12. ADMINISTERED FOR DOE BY (Name, address, zip code,
    Paul Heintel [(617) 349-0869]                                                                   telephone No.)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------    John P. Motz                           (630) 252-2152
11. DOE PROJECT OFFICER (Name, address, zip code, telephone No.)       U.S. Department of Energy/ACQ
                                                                       Chicago Operations Office
    David Hamilton                     U.S. Department of Energy       9800 South Cass Avenue
    EE-32                              1000 Independence Ave. S.W.     Argonne, IL 60439
    (202) 586-2314                     Washington, DC 20585-0121
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
13. RECIPIENT TYPE

           |_| STATE GOV'T  |_| INDIAN TRIBAL GOV'T   |_| HOSPITAL          |X| FOR PROFIT      |_| INDIVIDUAL
                                                                                ORGANIZATION
           |_| LOCAL GOV'T  |_| INSTITUTION OF        |_| OTHER NONPROFIT                       |_| OTHER (Specify)
                                 HIGHER EDUCATION          ORGANIZATION     |X| C |_| P|_| SP
                                                                                                 _______________________
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
14. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATIONS DATA                                          15. EMPLOYER I.D. NUMBER
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    a. Appropriation Symbol   b. B & R Number   C. FT/AFP/CC   d. CFA Number            04-2857554
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             89X0215.91           EE-05-01         HA/CH/410         --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
16. BUDGET AND FUNDING INFORMATION
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
a.  CURRENT BUDGET PERIOD INFORMATION                                  b. CUMULATIVE DOE OBLIGATIONS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (1) DOE Funds Obligated This Action               $1,000,000.00    (1) This Budget Period                    $5,413,057.00
                                                     --------------        [Total of lines a.(1) and a.(3)]      -------------
    (2) DOE Funds Authorized for Carry Over                   $0.00
                                                     --------------
    (3) DOE Funds Previously Obligated in this
        Budget Period                                 $4,413,057.00
                                                     --------------    (2) Prior Budget Periods                          $0.00
    (4) DOE Share of Total Approved Budget            $9,996,964.00                                              -------------
                                                     --------------
    (5) Recipient Share of Total Approved Budget      $9,997,044.00
                                                     --------------    (3) Project Period to Date                $5,413,057.00
    (6) Total Approved Budget                        $19,994,008.00        [Total of lines b.(1) and b.(2)]      -------------
                                                     --------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
17. TOTAL ESTIMATED COST OF PROJECT
                                       $ N/A
                                         --------------------------------------------------------
    (This is the current estimated cost of the project. It is not a promise to award nor an authorization to expend funds in
    this amount.)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
18. AWARD/AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
    This award/agreement consists of this form plus the following:
    a. Special terms and conditions.
    b. Applicable program regulations (specify)  N/A                                             (Date)
                                                 -----------------------------------------------        ---------
    c. DOE Financial Assistance Rules, 10 CFR Part 600, as amended.
    d. Application/proposal dated 10/14/98 as amended by SatCon ltr. dated 9/21/99. |X| as submitted  |_| with changes as negotiated
                                  -------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
19. REMARKS

    See Page No. 2 of this Notice of Financial Assistance Award.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20. EVIDENCE OF RECIPIENT ACCEPTANCE                                   21. AWARDED BY

            /s/ William Abram                              11/25/00                     /s/ [ILLEGIBLE]                  NOV 17 2000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
(Signature of Authorized Recipient Official)                 (Date)                            (Signature)                    (Date)

                William Abram                                                               [ILLEGIBLE]
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Name)                                                            (Name)

                                                                                         Special Program Division
                                                                                     Acquisition and Assistance Group
                Bus. Mgr.                                                                  Contracting Officer
- -------------------------------------------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Title)                                                           (Title)

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                                      Amendment No. A005 to
                                                      Cooperative Agreement No.
                                                      DE-FC02-99EE50570
                                                      Page 2 of 2


19.   REMARKS (continued)

      a.    The following revisions are effective for performance under this
            cooperative agreement on or after the effective date of this
            amendment:

            (1)   The cumulative DOE obligation for this budget period as
                  refelected in block no. 16.b. (1) of the Notice of Financial
                  Assistance Award is increased by $1,000,000.00 from
                  $4,413,057.00 to $5,413,057.00.

            (2)   Clause 6, "Partially Funded Financial Assistance Award With
                  Cost Sharing", of the Additional Special Provisions is hereby
                  updated to reflect the cumulative DOE obligation for the
                  current budget period of $5,413,057.00, and the corresponding
                  amount of the Recipient's obligation for the budget period,
                  currently $5,413,100.00. DOE's anticipated future obligation
                  is reduced by $1,000,000.00 from $5,583,907.00 to
                  $4,583,907.00.

            (3)   Clause 7 "Authorization of Expenditures" is revised by
                  substituting the year "2001" for the year "2000" in the three
                  places it is used.

      b.    All other terms and conditions remain unchanged and in full force
            and effect.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>a2028426zex-21_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 21.1

                       SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

SUBSIDIARY                             JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION
- ----------                             -----------------------------
K&D MagMotor Corp.                     Delaware
SatCon Film Microelectronics, Inc.*    Delaware
HyComp Acquisition Corp.               Delaware
Ling Electronics, Inc.                 California
Ling Electronics, Ltd.                 United Kingdom

- ----------
* Doing business as "Film Microelectronics, Inc."

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>a2028426zex-23_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1

                   CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

    As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation of
our reports included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, into the Company's
previously filed Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 033-75934,
333-04280, 333-08047, 333-75339 and 333-43802) and Form S-3 (File Nos.
333-05939, 333-37921, 333-87157 and 333-94859).

                                          /s/ Arthur Andersen LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
December 21, 2000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>a2028426zex-23_2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23.2
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.2

                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

    We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-87157, 333-05939, 333-37921 and 333-94859) and
Form S-8 (No. 333-75339, 33-75934, 333-04280, 333-08047 and 333-43802) of SatCon
Technology Corporation and its subsidiaries of our report dated December 17,
1998, except to the restatement described in Note A, as to which the date is
September 11, 2000, relating to the financial statements and financial statement
schedule, which appear in this Form 10-K.

                                          /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
                                          PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Boston, Massachusetts
December 21, 2000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>a2028426zex-27.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 27
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<PAGE>
<ARTICLE> 5

<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          SEP-30-2000
<PERIOD-END>                               SEP-30-2000
<CASH>                                       8,814,324
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                7,495,942
<ALLOWANCES>                                 (320,222)
<INVENTORY>                                  8,001,661
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                            25,751,378
<PP&E>                                       6,257,476<F1>
<DEPRECIATION>                                       0
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                              44,487,239
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                        7,361,229
<BONDS>                                              0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                       138,412
<OTHER-SE>                                  30,979,993
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                44,487,239
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                            31,055,029
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                               19,069,192
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                            21,487,835
<LOSS-PROVISION>                             (899,493)
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             (3,176)
<INCOME-PRETAX>                            (9,941,145)
<INCOME-TAX>                                         0
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                        (9,941,145)
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                               (9,941,145)
<EPS-BASIC>                                     (1.03)<F2>
<EPS-DILUTED>                                   (1.03)<F2>
<FN>
<F1>PP&E IS SHOWN NET OF ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AS REPORTED WITHIN THE ANNUAL
REPORT OF FORM 10-K ON THE BALANCE SHEET
<F2>IN ACCORDANCE WITH SFAS NO. 128 "EARNINGS PER SHARE-BASIC" IS REPORTED AS THE
VALUE FOR "EPS-PRIMARY" TAG AND "EARNING PER SHARE-DILUTED" IS REPORTED AS THE
VALUE FOR "EPS-DILUTED" TAG
</FN>


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>a2028426zex-99.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 99
                                  RISK FACTORS

WE EXPECT TO GENERATE A SIGNIFICANT PORTION OF OUR FUTURE REVENUES FROM SALES OF
OUR PRODUCTS TO THE DISTRIBUTED POWER AND POWER QUALITY MARKETS, AND NO
ASSURANCE CAN BE GIVEN THAT WE WILL REALIZE ANY OF THESE REVENUES.

On-site distributed power and power quality solutions, such as fuel cells and
microturbines, which utilize our products are relatively new methods of
producing electricity and have not historically accounted for much revenue in
the electricity generation market. We have no experience manufacturing large
volumes of our products for mass marketed fuel cell and microturbine systems,
and, as a result, we currently generate only limited revenues from these
products. Additionally, the existing market for these alternative distributed
power products is limited, and there can be no assurance that this market will
develop or that our products will be demanded in sufficient quantities to
generate our expected revenues. If any of the foregoing were to occur, we would
not achieve our anticipated levels of profitability and growth, and we may have
to refocus our business on other new or existing product lines.

WE CANNOT ASSURE MARKET ACCEPTANCE OR COMMERCIAL VIABILITY OF OUR DISTRIBUTED
POWER AND POWER QUALITY PRODUCTS.

We intend to continue to expand development of our products for the distributed
power generation and power quality markets. However, we cannot assure you that
manufacturers of these distributed power solutions will select our products to
be incorporated into their solutions. Additionally, we cannot assure you that
our customers' products will realize market acceptance, that they will meet the
technical demands of their end users or that they will offer cost-effective
advantages over existing utilities. Our marketing efforts to date involve
development contracts with several customers, identification of specific market
segments for power and energy management systems and the continuation of
marketing efforts of recently acquired businesses. We cannot know if our
commercial marketing efforts will be successful in the future. Furthermore, we
cannot assure you that our products, in their current form, will be suitable for
specific commercial applications or that further design modifications, beyond
anticipated changes to accommodate different markets, will not be necessary.
Additionally, we may not be able to develop competitive products, our products
may not receive market acceptance, and we may not be able to profitably compete
in this market even if market acceptance is achieved. If our products do not
gain market acceptance or commercial viability, we will not achieve our
anticipated levels of profitability and growth.

WE HAVE NO EXPERIENCE MANUFACTURING PRODUCTS FOR DISTRIBUTED POWER AND POWER
QUALITY SYSTEMS ON A COMMERCIAL BASIS.

To date, we have focused primarily on research and development and have no
experience manufacturing products for distributed power and power quality
systems on a commercial basis. We have a semi-automated production line in our
Marlborough, Massachusetts facility that we expect to be capable of producing up
to 25,000 of our residential fuel cell power conversion systems annually. We are
also continuing to develop our manufacturing capabilities and processes. We do
not know whether or when we will be able to fully develop efficient, low-cost
manufacturing capability and processes that will enable us to meet the quality,
price, engineering, design and production standards or production volumes
required to successfully mass market our distributed power and power quality
products. Even if we are successful in developing our manufacturing

<PAGE>

capability and processes, we do not know whether we will do so in time to meet
our product commercialization schedule or to satisfy the requirements of our
customers.

WE HAVE RECENT AND ANTICIPATED OPERATING LOSSES.

We have recorded net losses for the fiscal years ended September 30, 1995, 1996,
1997, 1998, 1999 and 2000. In order to achieve profitability, we must achieve
all or some combination of the following:

- - successfully compete in the market for distributed power and power quality
  products,

- - develop new products for our existing markets,

- - sell these products to existing and new customers,

- - increase gross margins through higher volumes and manufacturing efficiencies,

- - control our operating expenses, and

- - develop and manage our distribution capability.

If our revenue does not increase significantly or the increase in our expenses
is greater than expected, we may not achieve or sustain profitability or
generate positive cash flow in the future. We cannot assure you that we will
accomplish these objectives or be profitable in the future. We expect to
continue to incur operating losses at least through fiscal year 2001, and we may
never become profitable.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO DEVELOP OR SELL OUR DISTRIBUTED POWER, POWER QUALITY AND
OTHER PRODUCTS UNDER DEVELOPMENT.

We have a number of potential products under development including our
residential fuel cell power conversion system and the converter, inverter and
controller contained in this conversion system. We face many technological
challenges that we must successfully address to complete our development
efforts. Our product development involves a high degree of risk and may require
significant capital resources to enable us to be a low-cost, high-volume
manufacturer of reliable products meeting our customers' needs. Returns to our
investors are dependent upon successful development and commercialization of our
potential products. For example, the successful development of our distributed
power and power quality products will require significant investment in research
and development before we can determine whether the development of our
technology was successful and whether the resulting products will be
commercially viable and accepted by the marketplace. In addition, many proposed
products based on our technologies will require significant additional
expenditures for research and development. We cannot assure you that any of the
products we are developing, or those that we develop in the future, will be
technologically feasible or accepted by the marketplace. Also, we cannot assure
you that any of our product development will be completed on schedule, or at all
and, as a result, you may lose all or part of your investment.

WE ARE HEAVILY DEPENDENT ON CONTRACTS WITH THE U.S. GOVERNMENT, AND PARTICULARLY
THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, FOR REVENUE TO DEVELOP OUR DISTRIBUTED POWER AND
POWER QUALITY PRODUCTS, AND THE LOSS OF ONE OF OUR GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS COULD
PRECLUDE US FROM ACHIEVING OUR ANTICIPATED LEVELS OF GROWTH AND REVENUES.

Our ability to develop and market our products is heavily dependent upon
maintaining our U.S. government contract revenue and research grants. Most of
our U.S. government contracts are funded incrementally on a year-to-year basis.
Approximately 21% of our revenue during fiscal year 2000 was derived from
government contracts and subcontracts. Any change in our relationship with the
U.S. government or its agencies whether as a result of market, economic, or
competitive pressures, including any decision by the U.S. government to alter
its commitment to our research and development efforts could harm our business
and financial condition by depriving us of the resources necessary to develop
our distributed power and power quality products. Furthermore, contracts with
the U.S. government may be terminated or suspended by the U.S. government at any
time, with or without cause. There can be no assurance that our U.S. government
contracts will not be terminated or suspended in the future, or that contract
suspensions or terminations will not result in unreimbursable expenses or
charges or other adverse effects on us.

                                       -2-
<PAGE>

The accuracy and appropriateness of our direct and indirect costs and expenses
under our contracts with the U.S. government are subject to extensive regulation
and audit by the Defense Contract Audit Agency or by other appropriate agencies
of the U.S. government. These agencies have the right to challenge our cost
estimates or allocations with respect to any such contract. Additionally, a
substantial portion of the payments to us under U.S. government contracts are
provisional payments that are subject to potential adjustment upon audit by such
agencies. Adjustments that result from inquiries or audits of our contracts
could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of
operations. Since our inception, we have not experienced any material
adjustments as a result of any inquiries or audits, but there can be no
assurance that our contracts will not be subject to material adjustments in the
future.

In the event that any of our government contracts are terminated for cause, it
could significantly affect our ability to obtain future government contracts
which could seriously harm our ability to develop our technologies and products.
In addition, our participation in various government business programs depends
upon our continuing eligibility under the regulations of the United States Small
Business Administration. Qualification under these regulations is based upon the
standard industrial classification of the product or service that is the subject
of the program and the level of our revenues and the number of our employees.
Although our current awards under government programs such as the Small Business
Innovative Research, or SBIR, program and small business procurement set-asides
and preferences will not be affected by increases in the level of our revenues
or the number of our employees, as we grow, we may lose our ability to
participate in these programs in the future. Under these circumstances, although
we will still be able to participate in general government contract and
cooperative agreement programs, we will lose our ability to benefit in the
future from many of the programs in which we have historically participated.
During our fiscal years ended September 30, 1999 and 2000, 11.9% and 5.8%,
respectively, of our revenues have been obtained under the SBIR program.

A SIGNIFICANT PORTION OF OUR REVENUE IS DERIVED FROM CONTRACTS WITH THE U.S.
GOVERNMENT AND ITS AGENCIES OR FROM SUBCONTRACTS WITH THE U.S. GOVERNMENT'S
PRIME CONTRACTORS AND A SLOWDOWN IN GOVERNMENT SPENDING MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR
ABILITY TO OBTAIN ANTICIPATED REVENUES.

Changes in government policies, priorities or funding levels through agency or
program budget reductions by the U.S. Congress or executive agencies or the
imposition of budgetary constraints could significantly impair our ability to
achieve this level of revenue going forward. Any reductions or slowdowns in
government spending could also severely inhibit our ability to successfully
complete the development and commercialization of our products.

THE U.S. GOVERNMENT HAS CERTAIN RIGHTS RELATING TO OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

Many of our patents are the result of retaining ownership of inventions made
under U.S. government-funded research and development programs. With respect to
any invention made with government assistance, the government has a
nonexclusive, nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up license to use the
technology or have the technology employed for or on behalf of the U.S.
government throughout the world. Under certain conditions, the U.S. government
also has "march-in rights." These rights enable the U.S. government to require
us to grant a nonexclusive, partially exclusive, or exclusive license in any
field of use to responsible applicants, upon terms that are reasonable under the
circumstances. If we refuse, the government can grant the license itself,
provided that it determines that such action is necessary because we have not
achieved practical application of the invention, or to alleviate health or
safety needs, or to meet requirements for public use specified by federal
regulations, or because products using such inventions are not being produced
substantially in the United States. The exercise of these rights by the
government could create potential competitors for us if we later determine to
further develop the technologies and utilize the inventions in which the
government has exercised these rights.

                                       -3-
<PAGE>

IF WE ARE UNABLE TO MAINTAIN OUR TECHNOLOGICAL EXPERTISE IN DESIGN AND
MANUFACTURING PROCESSES, WE WILL NOT BE ABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY COMPETE.

We believe that our future success will depend upon our ability to develop and
provide distributed power and power quality products that meet the changing
needs of our customers. This requires that we successfully anticipate and
respond to technological changes in design and manufacturing processes in a
cost-effective and timely manner. As a result, we continually evaluate the
advantages and feasibility of new product design and manufacturing processes. We
cannot, however, assure you that our process development efforts will be
successful. The introduction of new products embodying new technologies and the
emergence of shifting customer demands or changing industry standards could
render our existing products obsolete and unmarketable which would have a
significant impact on our ability to generate revenue. Our future success will
depend upon our ability to continue to develop and introduce a variety of new
products and product enhancements to address the increasingly sophisticated
needs of our customers. This will require us to continue to make substantial
product development investments. We may experience delays in releasing new
products and product enhancements in the future. Material delays in introducing
new products or product enhancements may cause customers to forego purchases of
our products and purchase those of our competitors.

OUR BUSINESS COULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED IF WE ARE UNABLE TO PROTECT OUR PATENTS
AND PROPRIETARY TECHNOLOGY.

We currently own 59 U.S. patents which expire between 2007 and 2018. We also
have 13 patent applications pending with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
As a qualifying small business from our inception to date, we have retained
commercial ownership rights to proprietary technology developed under various
U.S. government contracts and grants.

Our patent and trade secret rights are of significant importance to us and to
our future prospects. Our ability to compete effectively against other companies
in our industry will depend, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary
technology and systems designs relating to our distributed power and power
quality products. Although we have attempted to safeguard and maintain our
proprietary rights, we do not know whether we have been or will be successful in
doing so. Further, our competitors may independently develop or patent
technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to ours. No assurance
can be given as to the issuance of additional patents or, if so issued, as to
their scope. Patents granted may not provide meaningful protection from
competitors. Even if a competitor's products were to infringe patents owned by
us, it would be costly for us to pursue our rights in an enforcement action, it
would divert funds and resources which otherwise could be used in our operations
and there can be no assurance that we would be successful in enforcing our
intellectual property rights. Because we intend to enforce our patents,
trademarks and copyrights and protect our trade secrets, we may be involved from
time to time in litigation to determine the enforceability, scope and validity
of these rights. This litigation could result in substantial costs to us and
divert efforts by our management and technical personnel. In addition, effective
patent, trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not
be available in every country where we operate or sell our products.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO MAINTAIN THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF OUR PROPRIETARY KNOWLEDGE.

In addition to our patent rights, we also rely on treatment of our technology as
trade secrets and upon confidentiality agreements, which all of our employees
are required to sign, assigning to us all patent rights and technical or other
information developed by the employees during their employment with us. We also
rely, in part, on contractual provisions to protect our trade secrets and
proprietary knowledge. Our employees have also agreed not to disclose any trade
secrets or confidential information without our prior written consent. These
agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any
breach. Our trade secrets may also be known without breach of these agreements
or may be independently developed by competitors. Our inability to maintain the

                                       -4-
<PAGE>

proprietary nature of our technology and information could harm our business,
results of operations and financial condition by adversely affecting our ability
to compete in our markets.

OTHERS MAY ASSERT THAT OUR TECHNOLOGY INFRINGES THEIR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
RIGHTS.

We believe that we do not infringe the proprietary rights of others and, to
date, no third parties have asserted an infringement claim against us, but we
may be subject to infringement claims in the future. The defense of any claims
of infringement made against us by third parties could involve significant legal
costs and require our management to divert time from our business operations. If
we are unsuccessful in defending any claims of infringement, we may be forced to
obtain licenses or to pay royalties to continue to use our technology. We may
not be able to obtain any necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms or
at all. If we fail to obtain necessary licenses or other rights, or if these
licenses are costly, our operating results may suffer either from reductions in
revenues through our inability to serve customers or from increases in costs to
license third-party technologies.

WE HAVE EXCLUSIVELY LICENSED OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS FOR OUR FLYWHEEL
TECHNOLOGY FOR STATIONARY, TERRESTRIAL APPLICATIONS TO OUR AFFILIATE, BEACON
POWER, WHOM WE NO LONGER CONTROL, AND BEACON POWER'S DECISIONS REGARDING THE USE
OR DEVELOPMENT OF THIS INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY MAY NOT BE IN OUR BEST INTEREST.

In 1997, we granted Beacon Power a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive
right and license to our flywheel technology for stationary, terrestrial
applications. In the future, we may not agree with strategic decisions made by
Beacon Power, including decisions relating to product development, marketing and
market focus, and we will be unable to alter any strategic decisions with which
we do not agree. There can be no assurance that Beacon Power will pursue market
opportunities that complement our products in a timely manner, or at all. As a
result, even though we developed the technology used by Beacon Power, we may not
be able to address the market demand for stationary, terrestrial flywheel energy
storage systems unless we develop or license alternative technology to meet the
needs of our customers. There can be no assurance that any alternative
technology will be developed or will be available to us under a license on
acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, we may not agree with the terms and
conditions of any future Beacon Power financings. We anticipate that our
economic stake in Beacon Power will continue to be substantially diluted in the
future as Beacon Power obtains additional public or private funding to pursue
its business plan.

WE CANNOT ASSURE MARKET ACCEPTANCE OR COMMERCIAL VIABILITY OF BEACON POWER'S
STATIONARY FLYWHEEL ENERGY STORAGE SYSTEM OR ANY OF ITS OTHER PRODUCTS.

The existing market for Beacon Power's alternative distributed power products is
limited, and there can be no assurance that this market will develop or that
Beacon Power's products will realize market acceptance or be demanded in
sufficient quantities to generate anticipated revenues. Even if market
acceptance is achieved, there can be no assurance that Beacon Power can
profitably compete in this market. In addition, Beacon Power's products may not
function as anticipated or may not compete effectively with other products
produced by their competitors, and we cannot assure you that Beacon Power's
products will meet the technical demands of their end-users or that they will
offer cost-effective advantages over existing technologies. If any of the
foregoing were to occur, Beacon Power would not achieve its anticipated levels
of profitability and growth which would diminish the value of our investment in
Beacon Power.

Many proposed products based on technologies owned by or licensed to Beacon
Power will require significant additional capital expenditures for research and
development. We cannot assure you that any of the products Beacon Power is
developing, or those that they develop in the future, will be technologically
feasible, suitable for specific commercial applications without design
modifications beyond anticipated changes to accommodate different markets or
accepted by the marketplace. In addition, we cannot assure you that Beacon
Power's product development will be completed on schedule, or at all. If Beacon
Power is unable to successfully develop and market, on a commercially viable

                                       -5-
<PAGE>

basis, its flywheel products, the value of our investment in Beacon Power could
be significantly diminished.

LOSS OF ANY OF OUR KEY PERSONNEL, AND PARTICULARLY OUR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
COULD HURT OUR BUSINESS BECAUSE OF THEIR EXPERIENCE, CONTACTS AND TECHNOLOGICAL
EXPERTISE.

The loss of the services of one or several of our key employees or an
inability to attract, train and retain qualified and skilled employees,
specifically engineering and sales personnel, could result in the loss of
customers or otherwise inhibit our ability to operate and grow our business
successfully. In addition, our ability to successfully integrate acquired
facilities or businesses depends, in part, on our ability to retain and
motivate key management and employees hired by us in connection with these
acquisitions. We are particularly dependent upon the services of David B.
Eisenhaure, our president, chief executive officer, chairman of the board and
founder, as a result of his business and academic relationships,
understanding of government contracts and technical expertise. The loss of
Mr. Eisenhaure's services would have a material adverse effect on our
business and results of operations, including our ability to attract
employees and obtain future contract research and development.

WE EXPECT SIGNIFICANT COMPETITION FOR OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.

To date, we have faced only limited competition in providing research services,
prototype development and custom and limited quantity manufacturing. We expect
competition to intensify greatly as commercial applications increase for our
products under development. Many of our competitors and potential competitors
are well established and have substantially greater financial, research and
development, technical, manufacturing and marketing resources than we do. Some
of our competitors and potential competitors are much larger than we are. If
these larger competitors decide to focus on the development of distributed power
and power quality products, they have the manufacturing, marketing and sales
capabilities to complete research, development and commercialization of these
products more quickly and effectively than we can. There can also be no
assurance that current and future competitors will not develop new or enhanced
technologies perceived to be superior to those sold or developed by us. There
can be no assurance that we will be successful in this competitive environment.

PRICE INCREASES OF MATERIALS OR COMPONENTS USED BY US COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE
VOLUME OF OUR SALES.

We use materials and components obtained from third-party suppliers to
manufacture many of our products. We expect this to continue as we increase our
manufacturing capabilities and move into high volume production. If prices of
materials and components that we use were to increase, we may not be able to
afford them or to pass these costs on to our customers. In addition, if we were
required to raise the price of our products as a result of increases in the
price of materials or components that we use, demand for our products may
decrease which would reduce our sales. To date, we have not entered into
long-term contracts which fix prices or limit price increases for materials or
components during the term of the contract and we do not expect to do so in the
future.

WE ARE DEPENDENT ON THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIERS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPLY OF KEY
COMPONENTS FOR OUR PRODUCTS.

From time to time, shipments can be delayed because of industry-wide or other
shortages of necessary materials and components from third-party suppliers. A
supplier's failure to develop and supply components in a timely manner, or to
supply components that meet our quality, quantity or cost requirements, or our
inability to obtain substitute sources of these components on a timely basis or
on terms acceptable to us, could impair our ability to manufacture our products.
In addition, to the extent the processes that our suppliers use to manufacture
components are proprietary, we may be unable to obtain comparable components
from alternative suppliers.

LONG-TERM CONTRACTS ARE NOT TYPICAL IN OUR BUSINESS, AND REDUCTIONS,
CANCELLATIONS OR DELAYS IN CUSTOMER ORDERS WOULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING
RESULTS.

We do not usually obtain long-term purchase orders or commitments from our
customers. Instead, we work closely with our customers to

                                       -6-

<PAGE>

develop non-binding forecasts of the future volume of orders. Customers may
cancel their orders, change production quantities from forecasted volumes or
delay production for a number of reasons beyond our control. Significant or
numerous cancellations, reductions or delays in orders by our customers would
reduce our net sales. From time to time we make capital investments in
anticipation of future business opportunities like the significant investment we
are making to install a semi-automated production line in our Marlborough,
Massachusetts facility for residential fuel cell power conversion systems. There
can be no assurance that we will receive the anticipated business that supports
these investments. If we are unable to obtain this anticipated business, we may
not be able to successfully compete in our markets.

IF WE EXPERIENCE A PERIOD OF SIGNIFICANT GROWTH OR EXPANSION, IT COULD PLACE A
SUBSTANTIAL STRAIN ON OUR RESOURCES.

If we are successful in obtaining rapid market penetration of our products, we
will be required to deliver large volumes of quality products or components to
our customers and licensees on a timely basis and at reasonable costs to us. We
have limited experience in delivering large volumes of our products and have
limited capacity to meet wide-scale production requirements. We cannot assure
you that our efforts to expand our manufacturing and quality assurance
activities will be successful, that we will be able to satisfy large-scale
commercial production on a timely and cost-effective basis or that growth will
not strain our management, operational and technical resources. We will also be
required to continue to improve our operational, management and financial
systems and controls to meet anticipated growth. Failure to manage our growth
could damage our relationships with our customers and our investors and be
extremely costly to try to resolve.

WE MAY NEED ADDITIONAL FINANCING FOR OUR FUTURE CAPITAL NEEDS AND MAY NOT BE
ABLE TO RAISE ADDITIONAL FUNDS ON TERMS ACCEPTABLE TO US, OR AT ALL.

If we are unable to increase our revenues and achieve positive cash flow, we
will need to raise additional funds. We may also need additional financing if
we:

- - need additional cash to fund research and development costs of products
  currently under development,

- - decide to expand faster than currently planned,

- - develop new or enhanced services or products ahead of schedule,

- - need to respond to competitive pressures, or

- - decide to acquire complementary products, businesses or technologies.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional funds on terms
acceptable to us, if at all. If future financing is not available or is not
available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to fund our future needs which
would significantly limit our ability to implement our business plan. In
addition, we may have to issue securities that may have rights, preferences and
privileges senior to our common stock.

WE INTEND TO PURSUE STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS, AND FAILURE TO SUCCESSFULLY
INTEGRATE ACQUIRED BUSINESSES OR ASSETS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE.

A component of our business strategy is to seek the acquisition of businesses,
products, assets and technologies that complement or augment our existing
businesses, products, assets and technologies. Since 1997, we have expanded our
business and capabilities through the acquisition of six businesses and
intellectual property, tooling and other assets from another entity.

Acquisitions are difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons,
including competition among prospective buyers and the need for regulatory
approvals, including antitrust approvals. We cannot assure you that we will be
able to successfully identify acquisition candidates or complete future
acquisitions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to operate acquired
businesses profitably or otherwise implement our growth strategy successfully.
The successful combination of companies in a rapidly changing industry such as
ours may be more difficult to accomplish than in other industries. Our ability
to integrate any newly acquired entities will require us to continue to improve
our operational, financial and management

                                       -7-

<PAGE>

information systems and to motivate and effectively manage our employees. If our
management is unable to manage growth effectively, the quality of our products,
our ability to identify, hire and retain key personnel and our results of
operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Although successfully completing future acquisitions is an important part of our
overall business strategy, any future acquisitions that we make could result in:

- - difficulty in integrating our operations, technologies, systems, products and
  services with those of the acquired facility,

- - difficulty in operating in foreign countries, in the case of acquisitions that
  we make outside the United States, and over significant geographical
  distances,

- - diversion of our capital and our management's attention away from other
  business issues,

- - an increase in our expenses and our working capital requirements,

- - potential loss of our key employees and customers of facilities or businesses
  we acquire, and

- - financial risks, such as:

    - potential liabilities of the facilities and businesses we acquire,

    - our need to incur additional indebtedness, and

    - dilution if we issue additional equity securities.

OUR BUSINESS COULD BE SUBJECT TO PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS.

Our business exposes us to potential product liability claims which are inherent
in the manufacturing, marketing and sale of our products, and we may face
substantial liability for damages resulting from the faulty design or
manufacture of products or improper use of products by end users. We currently
maintain a low level of product liability insurance, and there can be no
assurance that this insurance will provide sufficient coverage in the event of a
claim. Also, we cannot predict whether we will be able to maintain such coverage
on acceptable terms, if at all, or that a product liability claim would not harm
our business or financial condition. In addition, negative publicity in
connection with the faulty design or manufacture of our products would adversely
affect our ability to market and sell our products.

WE ARE SUBJECT TO A VARIETY OF ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS THAT EXPOSE US TO POTENTIAL
FINANCIAL LIABILITY.

Our operations are regulated under a number of federal, state and foreign
environmental and safety laws and regulations that govern, among other things,
the discharge of hazardous materials into the air and water as well as the
handling, storage and disposal of these materials. These laws and regulations
include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource, Conservation and
Recovery Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act, as well as analogous state and foreign laws. Because we use
hazardous materials in our manufacturing processes, we are required to comply
with these environmental laws. In addition, because we generate hazardous
wastes, we, along with any other person who arranges for the disposal of our
wastes, may be subject to potential financial exposure for costs associated with
an investigation and any remediation of sites at which we have arranged for the
disposal of hazardous wastes if those sites become contaminated and even if we
fully comply with applicable environmental laws. In the event of a violation of
environmental laws, we could be held liable for damages and for the costs of
remedial actions. Environmental laws could also become more stringent over time,
imposing greater compliance costs and increasing risks and penalties associated
with any violation.

BUSINESSES AND CONSUMERS MIGHT NOT ADOPT ALTERNATIVE DISTRIBUTED POWER SOLUTIONS
AS A MEANS FOR OBTAINING THEIR ELECTRICITY AND POWER NEEDS.

On-site distributed power generation solutions, such as fuel cell and
microturbine products, which utilize our products, provide an alternative means
for obtaining electricity, and are relatively new methods of obtaining
electricity and other forms of power that businesses and consumers may not adopt
at levels sufficient to sustain our business. Traditional electricity
distribution is based on the regulated industry model whereby

                                       -8-

<PAGE>

businesses and consumers obtain their electricity from a government regulated
utility. For alternative methods of distributed power to succeed, businesses and
consumers must adopt new purchasing practices and must be willing to rely less
upon traditional means of purchasing electricity, and market participants must
be willing to produce products for alternative methods of power distribution. We
cannot assure you that businesses, consumers or market participants will choose
to utilize or service this on-site distributed power market at levels sufficient
to sustain our business. The development of a mass market for our products may
be impacted by many factors which are out of our control, including:

- - market acceptance of fuel cell and microturbine systems that incorporate our
  distributed power and power quality products,

- - the cost competitiveness of fuel cell and microturbine systems that
  incorporate our distributed power and power quality products,

- - the future costs of natural gas, propane and other fuels used by our
  customers' products versus future costs of other forms of fuel and/or power,

- - consumer reluctance to try a new product,

- - consumer perceptions regarding the safety of our customers' products,

- - regulatory requirements, and

- - the emergence of newer, more competitive technologies and products.

If a mass market fails to develop or develops more slowly than we anticipate, we
may be unable to recover the losses we will have incurred to develop these
products.

A MASS MARKET FOR HYBRID-ELECTRIC VEHICLES MAY NEVER DEVELOP OR MAY TAKE LONGER
TO DEVELOP THEN WE ANTICIPATE.

If a mass market fails to develop or develops more slowly than we anticipate for
hybrid-electric automobiles, we may be unable to recover the expenditures we
will have incurred to develop our products and may be unable to achieve
profitability in that portion of our business which could negatively impact our
overall profitability. Many factors which are out of our control may have a
negative effect on the development of a mass market for our hybrid-electric
vehicle components. These factors include:

- - the competitiveness of alternative fuel vehicles,

- - the availability, future costs and safety of hydrogen, natural gas or other
  potential alternative fuels,

- - consumer reluctance to adopt alternative fuel products,

- - original equipment manufacturer reluctance to replace current technology,

- - consumer perceptions,

- - regulatory requirements, and

- - the emergence of newer, breakthrough technologies and products by our
  competitors in the alternative fuel vehicle market.

THE DISTRIBUTED POWER GENERATION INDUSTRY MAY BECOME SUBJECT TO FUTURE
GOVERNMENT REGULATION WHICH MAY IMPACT OUR ABILITY TO MARKET OUR PRODUCTS.

We do not believe that our products will be subject to existing federal and
state regulations governing traditional electric utilities and other regulated
entities. We do believe that our products will be subject to oversight and
regulation at the local level in accordance with state and local ordinances
relating to building codes, safety, pipeline connections and related matters.
Such regulation may depend, in part, upon whether an on-site distributed power
system is placed outside or inside a home. At this time, we do not know which
jurisdictions, if any, will impose regulations upon our products. We also do not
know the extent to which any existing or new regulations may impact our ability
to sell and service our products. Once our customers' products reach the
commercialization stage and they begin distributing systems to their target
markets, federal, state or local government entities may seek to impose
regulations. Any new government regulation of our products, whether at the
federal, state or local level, including any regulations relating to
installation and servicing of our products, may increase our costs and the price
of our products, and may have a negative impact on our revenue and
profitability.

                                       -9-

<PAGE>

UNCERTAINTIES AND ADVERSE TRENDS AFFECTING THE DEREGULATION OF THE ELECTRIC
UTILITY INDUSTRY OR ANY OF OUR MAJOR CUSTOMERS MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS.

The growth of our distributed power generation business depends in large part on
the continued deregulation of the electric utility industry. Existing utility
companies, which have historically operated without competition, may attempt to
deter or delay the deregulation process. In addition, our customers may not be
able to compete effectively against existing utility companies in a deregulated
market. Changes in federal and state regulation may also have the effect of
deterring further investment in research and development of alternative energy
sources, including fuel cells and microturbines. Any changes in the deregulation
process or procedures, the inability of our customers to compete effectively
against existing utility companies or changes in federal or state regulation
which deter further investment in alternative energy sources would significantly
limit the demand for our products and our ability to generate anticipated levels
of revenue.

OUR SHARE PRICE HAS BEEN SUBJECT TO EXTREME PRICE FLUCTUATIONS.

The markets for equity securities in general, and for those of other companies
in our industry, have been volatile, and the market price of our common stock,
which is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol SATC, may be
subject to significant fluctuations. This could be in response to operating
results, announcements of technological innovations or new products by us, our
competitors or our customers, patent or proprietary rights developments and
market conditions for distributed energy and high technology stocks in general.
In addition, the stock market in recent years has experienced extreme price and
volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of individual companies. These market fluctuations, as
well as general economic conditions, may adversely affect the market price of
our common stock. Past fluctuations have coincided with fluctuations of other
public companies in the alternative energy sector, market responses to national
issues, public release of information regarding the introduction of new
products, the award of significant contracts, analyst downgrades of our
projected stock price and investment community enthusiasm for the alternative
energy sector. There can be no assurance that the trading price of our common
stock will remain at or near its current level.

OUR QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS ARE SUBJECT TO FLUCTUATIONS, AND IF WE FAIL TO
MEET THE EXPECTATIONS OF SECURITIES ANALYSTS OR INVESTORS, OUR SHARE PRICE MAY
DECREASE SIGNIFICANTLY.

Our annual and quarterly results may vary significantly depending on various
factors, many of which are beyond our control and may not meet the expectations
of securities analysts or investors. If this occurs, the price of our stock
could decline. Past material quarterly fluctuations have been caused by:

- - variations in the timing and volume of customer orders relative to our
  manufacturing capacity and staffing levels,

- - the timing of our expenditures in anticipation of future orders,

- - introduction and market acceptance of our customers' new products, and

- - the level of research and development expenses incurred by us which are
  unreimbursed.

                                       -10-

<PAGE>

Future quarterly fluctuations could be caused by these factors and:

- - our effectiveness in managing our manufacturing processes,

- - changes in competitive and economic conditions generally or in our customers'
  markets,

- - the timing of, and the price we pay for, acquisitions and related integration
  costs,

- - changes in the cost or availability of components or skilled labor, and

- - general economic conditions.

Because our operating expenses are based on anticipated revenue levels, our
sales cycle for development work is relatively long and a high percentage of our
expenses are fixed for the short term, a small variation in the timing of
recognition of revenue can cause significant variations in operating results
from quarter to quarter.

EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS CAN EXERT CONSIDERABLE CONTROL OVER US.

As of September 30, 2000, our officers and directors, and their affiliates,
beneficially held approximately 39.3% of our outstanding common stock of
which approximately 32.5% was beneficially held by Mr. Eisenhaure, our
president, chief executive officer, chairman of the board and founder. If all
of these stockholders were to vote together as a group, they would have the
ability to exert significant influence over our board of directors and its
policies. As a practical matter, Mr. Eisenhaure may have the ability to elect
our directors and to determine the outcome of corporate actions requiring
stockholder approval, including votes concerning director elections, by-law
amendments and possible mergers, corporate control contests and other
significant corporate transactions, irrespective of how some of our other
stockholders may vote. Accordingly, such concentration of ownership may have
the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control, impeding
a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us,
or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise
attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could have an adverse
effect on the market price of our common stock.

WE COULD ISSUE ADDITIONAL COMMON STOCK, WHICH MIGHT DILUTE THE BOOK VALUE OF OUR
COMMON STOCK.

We have authorized 25,000,000 shares of our common stock, of which 13,841,185
shares were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2000. Our board of
directors has the authority, without action or vote of our stockholders, to
issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares. These issuances
would dilute your percentage ownership interest, which will have the effect
of reducing your influence on matters on which our stockholders vote, and
might dilute the book value of our common stock. You may incur additional
dilution of net tangible book value if holders of stock options, whether
currently outstanding or subsequently granted, exercise their options or if
warrantholders exercise their warrants to purchase our common stock.

THE SALE OF LARGE NUMBERS OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK COULD DEPRESS OUR STOCK
PRICE.

In addition, as of September 30, 2000, we have reserved 2,854,105 shares of
common stock for issuance upon exercise of stock options and warrants and
276,450 shares for future issuances under our stock plans. As of September
30, 2000, holders of warrants and options to purchase an aggregate of
1,340,764 shares of our common stock may exercise those securities and
transfer the underlying common stock at any time subject, in some cases, to
Rule 144. In accordance with registration rights that we have granted to
various individuals and entities

                                       -11-

<PAGE>

requiring us to register their shares for public resale, we also have resale
registration statements in effect registering 4,935,322 shares of our common
stock.

The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a
large number of shares of our common stock in the market, or the perception that
such share sales could occur. These sales might also make it more difficult for
us to sell equity securities in the future at a price that we think is
appropriate, or at all.

PROVISIONS IN OUR CHARTER DOCUMENTS AND DELAWARE LAW MAY DELAY, DETER OR PREVENT
THE ACQUISITION OF SATCON, WHICH COULD DECREASE THE VALUE OF YOUR SHARES.

Some provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay, deter
or prevent a change in control of SatCon or a change in our management that you
as a stockholder may consider favorable. These provisions include:

- - authorizing the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock that could be issued
  by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and
  deter a takeover attempt,

- - a classified board of directors with staggered, three-year terms, which may
  lengthen the time required to gain control of our board of directors,

- - prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would
  otherwise allow less than a majority of stockholders to elect director
  candidates, and

- - limitations on who may call special meetings of stockholders.

In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law and provisions
in some of our stock incentive plans may delay, deter or prevent a change in
control of SatCon. Those provisions serve to limit the circumstances in which a
premium may be paid for our common stock in proposed transactions, or where a
proxy contest for control of our board may be initiated. If a change of control
or change in management is delayed, deterred or prevented, the market price of
our common stock could suffer.

                                       -12-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
