-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 RMMJuFnjhMyR0RjTR/wovV0hfz3tYRm2Tr23wsqZzRXKaV+u/y2ONd6x5e4AGC8Q
 3WHxJ9n9SD7oH6Xl0Cg/Ug==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950123-01-504370.txt : 20010717
<SEC-HEADER>0000950123-01-504370.hdr.sgml : 20010717
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950123-01-504370
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20010331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010716

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000099359
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CUTLERY, HANDTOOLS & GENERAL HARDWARE [3420]
		IRS NUMBER:				954062211
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07872
		FILM NUMBER:		1682037

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 ALLEN RD
		CITY:			LIBERTY CORNER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07938
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9089031600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 ALLEN RD
		CITY:			LIBERTY CORNER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07938

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPACE ORDNANCE SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19740717
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>y50911e10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                 ---------------
                                    FORM 10-K

(MARK ONE)

[X]      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                    For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2001

                                       OR

[ ]      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

           For the transition period from ____________ to ____________

                          Commission file number 1-7872
                              ---------------------
                           TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


               Delaware                                          95-4062211
    (State or other jurisdiction of                           (I.R.S. employer
    incorporation or organization)                           identification no.)

            150 Allen Road                                          07938
      Liberty Corner, New Jersey                                 (Zip Code)
(Address of principal executive offices)


       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (908) 903-1600

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                          Common Stock, par value $0.01
                                (Title of class)

                             New York Stock Exchange
                     (Name of exchange on which registered)

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                                      NONE

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                                Yes  X     No
                                    ----      ---

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

     As of July 6, 2001, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant based on the last sales price as reported by
the New York Stock Exchange on such date was $55,301,810. (See Item 12)

     As of July 6, 2001, the registrant had 6,172,077 shares of Common Stock
outstanding.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     The registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2001 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders is incorporated by reference into Part III hereof.
<PAGE>   2
                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS.


   General

         TransTechnology Corporation develops, manufactures and sells a wide
range of products in two industry segments, as described below. TransTechnology
Corporation was originally organized in 1962 as a California corporation and was
reincorporated in Delaware in 1986. Unless the context otherwise requires,
references to the "Company" or the "Registrant" refer to TransTechnology
Corporation (including the California corporation prior to the reincorporation)
and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Company's fiscal year ends on March 31.
Accordingly, all references to years in this report refer to the fiscal year
ended March 31 of the indicated year.

         TransTechnology Corporation's core business areas are specialty
fastener products and aerospace products.


   Specialty Fastener Products

         The Company's specialty fastener products are manufactured by its
Engineered Components Group (Palnut and the Tinnerman companies acquired in
2000), its Engineered Products Group (Breeze Industrial, Pebra, TCR and
Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers (ARM)) and its Engineered Rings Group
(Seeger-Orbis, TransTechnology Brasil, Waldes/IRR, TransTechnology (GB)).
TransTechnology (GB) represents the consolidation of the Anderton and the
recently acquired Ellison plants into a single manufacturing facility in Great
Britain.

         The Engineered Components Group includes single and multi-thread metal
fasteners, retaining rings and headlight adjusters for the automotive and
industrial markets. These fasteners include: lock nuts for load carrying in
light duty assemblies or as a supplement to ordinary nuts to assure tightness;
the On-Sert(R) fastener, which is pressed onto hollow plastic bosses to increase
torque and minimize stripping; push-nuts used as temporary fasteners that hold
pre-inserted bolts in place for final assembly or in ratchet plates which fasten
onto a shaft or stud; self-threaders used in the installation of automotive
trim; U-nuts that provide one-sided screw assembly and are used to fasten
bumpers, fenders and grills to vehicles; various single-threaded parts designed
for insertion into metal or plastic panels; and a variety of automotive
headlight adjusters.

         Within the Engineered Products Group, Breeze Industrial designs and
manufactures a diverse line of high-quality stainless steel hose clamps,
including worm drive hose clamps, T-Bolt and V-Band clamps, and light duty
clamps for use in the heavy truck and industrial equipment industries by
original equipment manufacturers and replacement suppliers. Pebra designs and
manufactures hose clamps primarily for heavy truck manufacturers in Europe. TCR
designs and manufactures sophisticated externally threaded fastening devices and
custom industrial components by combining its expertise in cold forging and
machining technologies. TCR products are used by industrial customers worldwide,
with key market groups including automotive, hydraulic and recreational product
industries. ARM designs and manufactures rivets and externally threaded
fasteners primarily for the aerospace industry.

         Within the Engineered Rings Group, Seeger-Orbis, TransTechnology
Brasil, Waldes/IRR and TransTechnology (GB) manufacture a large range of
retaining and snap rings used in automotive, marine, household and computer
applications that require retention of parts on shafts and axles.



                                       1
<PAGE>   3
         Specialty fasteners are marketed through a combination of a direct
sales force, distributors and manufacturer's representatives. Such products
comprised 79%, 80% and 78% of the Company's consolidated net sales in 2001, 2000
and 1999, respectively.

         At March 31, 2001, the Company's Specialty Fastener Products segment
backlog was $59.2 million, compared to $65.4 million at March 31, 2000.
Substantially all of the March 31, 2001 backlog is scheduled to be shipped
during fiscal 2002.


   Aerospace Products

         The Company's aerospace products are designed, developed and
manufactured by Breeze-Eastern and Norco. Breeze-Eastern specializes in the
design, development and manufacture of sophisticated lifting and restraining
products, principally helicopter rescue hoists, reeling machines and external
hook systems. In addition, Breeze-Eastern designs, develops and manufactures
winches and hoists for aircraft cargo and weapon-handling systems with
applications ranging from cargo handling on fixed-wing aircraft to positioning
television cameras on blimps, antenna and gear drives. Management believes that
Breeze-Eastern is the industry market share leader in sales of personnel-rescue
hoists and cargo hook equipment. As a pioneer of helicopter hoist technology,
Breeze-Eastern continues to develop sophisticated helicopter hoist systems,
including systems for the current generation of Seahawk, Chinook, Dolphin,
Merlin and Super Stallion helicopters. Breeze-Eastern also supplies equipment
for the United States, Japanese and European Multiple-Launch Rocket Systems
which use two specialized hoists to load and unload rocket pod containers.
Breeze-Eastern's external cargo hook systems are original equipment on most
helicopters manufactured today. These hook systems range from small 1,000-pound
capacity models up to the largest 36,000-pound capacity hooks employed on the
Super Stallion helicopter. Breeze-Eastern also manufactures aircraft and cargo
tie-downs. Norco designs, develops and manufactures mechanical components and
systems such as hold open rods, quick connect/disconnect locking systems,
helicopter blade restraint systems, latch assemblies, safety locks and
application-specific mechanical systems. Its power transmission line of products
include rollnuts, rollnut longspan assemblies, ball reversers, ball oscillators,
FlenNut assemblies and other application-specific linear motion assemblies.

         Breeze-Eastern and Norco sell their products through internal marketing
representatives and several independent sales representatives and distributors.
The Aerospace product lines contributed 21%, 20% and 22% of the Company's
consolidated net sales in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

         The Aerospace Products segment backlog varies substantially from time
to time due to the size and timing of orders. At March 31, 2001, the backlog of
unfilled orders was $40.2 million, compared to $44.2 million at March 31, 2000.
The majority of the March 31, 2001 backlog is expected to be shipped during
fiscal 2002.


   Management Initiatives and Restructuring

         On January 19, 2001, the Company announced its intention to restructure
and divest its cold-headed products (TCR), aerospace rivet (Aerospace Rivets
Manufacturers Corp), retaining ring (Seeger-Orbis, TransTechnology (GB), TT
Brasil and Waldes/IRR) and hose clamp operations (Breeze Industrial and Pebra)
and that it had retained an investment banking firm to consider further
strategic and business initiatives following these actions. In association with
the restructuring, the Company suspended the payment of its quarterly dividend
and recognized a charge in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2001 related to
anticipated losses on the sale of several of these businesses as well as the
provision for severance and other costs associated with these divestitures.
Proceeds from the sales of the businesses will to be used to repay debt and to
refocus the Company's efforts on the design, manufacture and marketing of
specialized aerospace equipment.



                                       2
<PAGE>   4
         The Company entered into an amendment of its existing credit agreement
under which the Company's senior lenders agreed to forbearance with respect to
the Company's continuing violations of certain covenants in the senior credit
agreement through September 27, 2001, subject to the Company meeting certain
interim debt reduction and EBITDA targets. The Company's subordinated lenders
also entered into a forbearance agreement with respect to the Company's expected
violation of its net worth covenant as the result of write-offs to be incurred
in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2001 as part of its restructuring plan.

         As discussed in Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements, the Company reported, on a pre-tax basis, asset impairment charges
in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2001 of $67.9 million related to estimated
losses on businesses to be sold, primarily related to the write-off of
intangible assets and property. In addition, in the fourth fiscal quarter of
2001 the Company reported a pre-tax charge of $10.2 million associated with the
write-down of real estate held for sale and equity investments and notes
receivable from a 1995 divestiture. The Company expects additional net non-cash
write-offs of goodwill in fiscal 2002 resulting from the divestiture process,
including a gain on the July 10, 2001 sale of its Breeze Industrial Products
and Pebra hose clamp businesses and an anticipated non-cash loss resulting from
the planned sale of the TransTechnology Engineered Components business.

         On April 12, 2001, the Company announced that, following a review of
alternative strategic initiatives, it would become solely a manufacturer of
niche aerospace products. As a result, the Company said it would divest
TransTechnology Engineered Components (TTEC), a manufacturer of spring steel
engineered fasteners and headlight adjusters. The Company will seek to have all
the divestitures, including TTEC, completed by September 2001.

         Following the divestiture of the fastener business units, the Company
expects to have retired substantially all of its debt and expects to reduce its
corporate overhead by more than $4 million from its present $8.7 million level.
Additionally, for tax purposes, the Company expects to have significant
operating loss carry-forwards which will shelter future earnings from taxes for
several years. The Company expects that, when repositioned as an aerospace
products manufacturer with revenues from new equipment sales, maintenance and
service of existing equipment, and spare parts sales, it will be a significantly
more profitable and less leveraged entity, with substantial growth
opportunities. Management believes that the Company will present substantially
more value to its shareholders after the restructuring than in its present form.

         On July 10, consistent with the aforementioned actions, the Company
completed the previously announced sale of its Breeze Industrial and Pebra hose
clamp businesses in the U.S. and Germany, respectively, to Industrial Growth
Partners and the current management team of these divested companies for $46.2
million in cash. Proceeds were used to repay debt. The Company is involved in
ongoing discussions with potential buyers for the sales of the businesses
previously reported as being held for sale. While there can be no assurances
that these transactions will be consummated, management believes that they are
continuing to make progress toward the execution of its previously announced
strategies.


   Defense Industry Sales

         Approximately 9% of the Company's consolidated net sales in 2001, as
compared to 8% and 10% in 2000 and 1999, respectively, were derived from sales
to the United States Government, principally the military services of the
Department of Defense and its prime contractors. These contracts typically
contain precise performance specifications and are subject to customary
provisions which give the United States Government the contractual right of
termination for convenience. In the event of termination for convenience,
however, the Company is typically protected by provisions allowing reimbursement
for costs incurred as well as payment of any applicable fees or profits.

         No single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Company's net sales
in 2001 or 2000.


                                       3
<PAGE>   5
   Environmental Matters

         Due primarily to Federal and State legislation which imposes liability,
regardless of fault, upon commercial product manufacturers for environmental
harm caused by chemicals, processes and practices that were commonly and
lawfully used prior to the enactment of such legislation, the Company may be
liable for all or a portion of the environmental clean-up costs at sites
previously owned or leased by the Company (or corporations acquired by the
Company). The Company's contingencies associated with environmental matters are
described in Note 13 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" and in
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.


   Competition

         The Company's businesses compete in some markets with entities that are
larger and have substantially greater financial and technical resources than the
Company. Generally, competitive factors include design capabilities, product
performance, delivery and price. The Company's ability to compete successfully
in such markets will depend on its ability to develop and apply technological
innovations and to expand its customer base and product lines. There can be no
assurance that the Company will continue to compete successfully in any or all
of the businesses discussed above. The failure of the Company to compete in more
than one of these businesses could have a materially adverse effect on the
Company's profitability.


   Raw Materials

         The various components and raw materials used by the Company to produce
its products are generally available from more than one source. In those
instances where only a single source for any material is available, such items
can generally be redesigned to accommodate materials made by other suppliers. In
some cases, the Company stocks an adequate supply of the single source materials
for use until a new supplier can be approved. The Company's business is not
dependent upon a single supplier or a few suppliers, the loss of which would
have a materially adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial
position.


   Employees

         As of July 1, 2001, the Company employed 2,331 people. There were 2,025
employees associated with the Specialty Fastener Products segment, 288 with the
Aerospace Products segment and 18 with the corporate office.





                                       4
<PAGE>   6
   Financial Information About Industry Segments

         Financial information relating to each of the Company's segments has
been included in Note 14 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements".


   Foreign Operations and Sales

         The Company's foreign-based facilities during fiscal 2001 consisted of
the Seeger-Orbis and Pebra facilities located in Koenigstein and Frittlingen,
Germany, TransTechnology (GB) Limited's facility located in Glusburn, England,
sales offices in Paris, France, Barcelona, Spain and Surrey, England,
TransTechnology Brasil's facility located in Sao Paulo, Brazil and
TransTechnology Canada Corporation's facility located in Hamilton, Ontario. The
Company acquired the Seeger-Orbis and TransTechnology Brazil businesses on June
30, 1995. Pebra was acquired on June 18, 1996. TransTechnology (GB) resulted
from the consolidation on December 1, 1999, of Anderton International Limited,
acquired on June 30, 1995, and Ellison Holdings PLC, acquired on July 19, 1999.
TransTechnology Canada Corporation was incorporated on August 12, 1999 to hold
the Canadian based assets of Eaton's Engineered Fasteners Division acquired on
August 31, 1999. The Company had sales from its non-U.S. operations of $99.4
million, $66.2 million and $56.7 million in fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively, representing 30%, 22% and 25% of the Company's consolidated net
sales in each of those years, respectively. The Company had export sales of
$41.2 million, $43.3 million and $31.2 million in fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively, representing 13%, 15% and 14% of the Company's consolidated net
sales in each of those years, respectively. The risk and profitability attendant
to these sales is generally comparable to similar products sold in the United
States. Net sales, profits and identifiable assets attributable to the Company's
foreign and domestic operations, and the identification of export sales by
geographic area and domicile of customers, are set forth in Note 14 of "Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements".







                                       5
<PAGE>   7
ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

         The following table sets forth certain information concerning the
Company's principal facilities for its continuing operations:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Owned or
         Location               Use of Premises                      Leased     Sq. Ft
         --------               ---------------                     --------    ------
<S>                             <C>                                 <C>         <C>
Liberty Corner, New Jersey      Executive Offices                    Leased      13,000


SPECIALTY FASTENER
PRODUCTS SEGMENT

Saltsburg, Pennsylvania         Breeze Industrial offices and        Owned      137,000
                                manufacturing plant

Mountainside, New Jersey        Palnut offices and manufacturing     Owned      142,000
                                plant

Irvington, New Jersey           Waldes/IRR - Industrial Division     Owned       37,000
                                manufacturing plant

Millburn, New Jersey            Waldes/IRR - Industrial Division     Leased      53,100
                                offices and distribution center

City of Industry, California    Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers        Leased      60,500
                                Corporation offices and
                                manufacturing plant

Southfield, Michigan            Engineered Components sales          Leased       6,000
                                office

Brunswick, Ohio                 TT Engineered Components             Leased      44,500
                                group offices and manufacturing
                                plant

Massillon, Ohio                 TT Engineered Components             Owned      190,580
                                offices and manufacturing plant

Hamilton, Ontario, Canada       TT Engineered Components             Owned      127,913
                                offices and manufacturing plant

Konigstein, Germany             Seeger Group offices and             Owned      149,000
                                Seeger-Orbis manufacturing
                                plant

Minneapolis, Minnesota          TCR Corporation offices              Leased     137,000
                                and manufacturing plant
</TABLE>



                                       6
<PAGE>   8
<TABLE>
<S>                             <C>                                 <C>         <C>
SPECIALTY FASTENER
PRODUCTS SEGMENT
- ----------------
(Continued)

Glusburn, England               TransTechnology (GB) offices         Owned      263,000
                                and manufacturing plant

Surrey, England                 TransTechnology Engineered           Leased         109
                                Components sales office

Sao Paulo, Brazil               TransTechnology Brasil offices       Owned       85,000
                                and manufacturing plant

Paris, France                   TransTechnology Engineered           Leased         500
                                Rings sales office

Frittlingen, Germany            Pebra offices and                    Owned       30,000
                                manufacturing plant

Barcelona, Spain                TransTechnology Engineered           Leased         500
                                Rings sales office


AEROSPACE PRODUCTS SEGMENT

Union, New Jersey               Breeze-Eastern offices               Owned      188,000
                                and manufacturing plant

Ridgefield, Connecticut         Norco, Inc. offices and              Owned       35,000
                                manufacturing plant
</TABLE>


         The Company believes that such facilities are suitable and adequate for
the Company's foreseeable needs and that additional space, if necessary, will be
available. The Company continues to own or lease property that it no longer
needs in its operations. These properties are located in California,
Pennsylvania, New York and Illinois. In some instances, the properties are
leased or subleased and in nearly all instances these properties are for sale.


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         The information required has been included in Note 13 of "Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements".


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         No matters were submitted to a vote of the Company's security holders
during the three month period ended March 31, 2001.



                                       7
<PAGE>   9
                                     PART II


ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

         The Company's Common Stock, par value $0.01, is traded on the New York
Stock Exchange under the symbol TT. The following table sets forth the range of
high and low closing sales prices of shares of the Company's Common Stock for
the calendar quarters indicated, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               High            Low
                                               ----            ---
<S>                                           <C>            <C>
         Fiscal 2000
             First Quarter                    $20.44         $16.94
             Second Quarter                    19.75          11.63
             Third Quarter                     12.31           8.13
             Fourth Quarter                    15.19          10.50

         Fiscal 2001
             First Quarter                    $14.69         $ 8.44
             Second Quarter                    11.38           6.13
             Third Quarter                      7.31           2.88
             Fourth Quarter                     6.75           3.75
</TABLE>


         As of July 6, 2001, the number of stockholders of record of the Common
Stock was 1,788. On July 6, 2001, the closing sales price of the Common Stock
was $8.96 per share.

         The Company paid a regular quarterly dividend of $0.065 per share on
June 1, September 1 and December 1, 1999, March 1, June 1, September 1 and
December 1, 2000. On January 19, 2001, the Company announced the suspension of
its regular quarterly dividend.





                                       8
<PAGE>   10
ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         The following table provides selected financial data with respect to
the consolidated statements of operations of the Company for the fiscal five
years ended March 31, 2001, and the consolidated balance sheets of the Company
at the end of each such year.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                       2001           2000         1999         1998         1997
                                                                 (In thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Net sales(a)                                         $328,071       $299,252     $228,006     $203,928     $178,684
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Loss) income from continuing operations
  before income taxes                                 (83,822)        11,508       24,294       20,153       16,620
(Benefit) provision for income taxes                  (10,852)         4,373        9,704        8,162        6,898
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Loss) income from continuing operations              (72,970)         7,135       14,590       11,991        9,722
Loss from discontinued operations                          --             --           --         (924)        (934)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Loss) income before extraordinary charge             (72,970)         7,135       14,590       11,067        8,788
Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt               --           (541)        (781)          --           --
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) income                                    $(72,970)      $  6,594     $ 13,809     $ 11,067     $  8,788
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Earnings (loss) per share:
    Basic:
      (Loss) income from continuing operations       $ (11.83)      $   1.16     $   2.33     $   2.17     $   1.92
      Loss from discontinued operations                    --             --           --        (0.17)       (0.18)
      Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt         --          (0.09)       (0.12)          --           --
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) income per share                          $ (11.83)      $   1.07     $   2.21     $   2.00     $   1.74
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Diluted:
      (Loss) income from continuing operations       $ (11.83)      $   1.16     $   2.30     $   2.11     $   1.87
      Loss from discontinued operations                    --             --           --        (0.16)       (0.18)
      Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt         --          (0.09)       (0.12)          --           --
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) income per share                          $ (11.83)      $   1.07     $   2.18     $   1.95     $   1.69
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dividends declared and paid per share                $  0.195       $   0.26     $   0.26     $   0.26     $   0.26
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets                                         $393,249       $482,755     $279,720     $236,073     $199,136
Long-term debt                                       $  1,055(b)    $194,759     $102,463     $ 51,350     $ 67,516
Stockholders' equity                                 $ 51,875       $128,883     $123,710     $115,832     $ 77,444
Book value per share                                 $   8.40       $  20.97     $  20.25     $  18.47     $  15.40
Shares outstanding at year-end                          6,172          6,145        6,108        6,272        5,028
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(a)   In 2000, the Company acquired the Engineered Fasteners Division of Eaton
      Corporation, Ellison Holdings PLC and Ellison, Roettges & Co. GmbH. In
      1999, the Company acquired Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers Corporation and
      NORCO. In 1998, the Company acquired TCR Corporation. In 1997, the Company
      acquired the Pebra hose clamp business.

(b)   Excluding callable debt of $271,307.




                                       9
<PAGE>   11
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS


The Company's fiscal year ends on March 31. Accordingly, all references to years
in this Management's Discussion and Analysis refer to the fiscal year ended
March 31 of the indicated year. Also, when referred to herein, operating profit
means net sales less operating expenses, without deduction for general corporate
expenses, interest and income taxes.

MANAGEMENT INITIATIVES AND RESTRUCTURING

On January 19, 2001, the Company announced its intention to restructure and
divest its cold-headed products (TCR), aerospace rivet (Aerospace Rivet
Manufacturers Corp), retaining ring (Seeger-Orbis, TransTechnology (GB), TT
Brasil, and Waldes/IRR) and hose clamp operations (Breeze Industrial and Pebra).
The Company also announced that it had retained an investment banking firm to
consider further strategic and business initiatives following these actions. In
association with the restructuring, the Company stated it would suspend the
payment of its quarterly dividend and recognize a non-recurring charge in the
fourth fiscal quarter of 2001 related to anticipated losses on the sale of
several of these businesses as well as the provision for severance and other
costs associated with these divestitures. Proceeds from the sales of the
businesses will be used to repay debt and to refocus the Company's efforts on
the design, manufacture and marketing of specialized aerospace equipment.

The Company entered into an amendment of its existing credit agreement under
which the Company's senior lenders agreed to forbearance with respect to the
Company's continuing violations of certain covenants in the senior agreement
through September 27, 2001, subject to the Company meeting certain interim debt
reduction and EBITDA targets. The Company's subordinated lenders also entered
into a letter forbearance agreement with respect to the Company's expected
violation of its net worth covenant as the result of write-offs to be incurred
in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2001 as part of its restructuring plan.

As discussed in Note 2 in the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements", the
Company reported, on a pre-tax basis, asset impairment charges in the fourth
fiscal quarter of 2001 of $67.9 million related to estimated losses on
businesses to be sold, primarily related to the write-off of intangible assets
and property. In addition, in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2001 the Company
reported a pre-tax charge of $10.2 million associated with the write-down of
real estate held for sale and equity investments and notes receivable from a
1995 divestiture. The Company expects additional net non-cash write-offs of
goodwill in fiscal 2002 resulting from the divestiture process, including a gain
on the July 10, 2001 sale of its Breeze Industrial Products and Pebra hose
clamp businesses and an anticipated non-cash loss resulting from the planned
sale of the TransTechnology Engineered Components business.


On April 12, 2001, the Company announced that, following a review of alternative
strategic initiatives, it would become solely a manufacturer of niche aerospace
products. As a result, the Company will divest TransTechnology Engineered
Components (TTEC), a manufacturer of spring steel engineered fasteners and
headlight adjusters. The Company will seek to have all the divestitures,
including TTEC completed by September 2001.

Following the divestiture of the fastener business units, the Company expects to
have retired substantially all of its debt and expects to reduce its corporate
overhead by more than $4 million from its present $8.7 million level.
Additionally, for tax purposes, the Company expects to have significant
operating loss carry-forwards which will shelter future earnings from taxes for
several years. The Company expects, when repositioned as an aerospace products
manufacturer with revenues from new equipment sales, maintenance and service of
existing equipment, and spare parts sales, to be significantly more profitable
and less leveraged, with substantial growth opportunities. Management believes
that the Company will present substantially more value to its shareholders after
the restructuring than in its present form.

On July 10, consistent with the aforementioned actions, the Company completed
the previously announced sale of its Breeze Industrial and Pebra hose clamp
businesses in the U.S. and Germany, respectively, to Industrial Growth Partners
and the current management team of these divested companies for $46.0 million in
cash. Proceeds were used to repay debt. The Company is involved in ongoing
discussions with potential buyers for the


                                       10
<PAGE>   12
sales of the businesses previously reported as being held for sale. While there
can be no assurances that these transactions will be consummated, management
believes that they are continuing to make progress toward the execution of its
previously announced strategies.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Net sales increased 9.6% to $328.1 million for 2001 compared to $299.3 million
in 2000. Sales in the Specialty Fasteners Products segment increased 8.0% to
$257.6 million in 2001 from $238.4 million in 2000. This increase was primarily
the result of the Tinnerman acquisition in 2000 where 7 months of operations
were reported in 2000 versus a full year in 2001. Sales in the Aerospace
Products segment were up 15.9% in 2001 versus 2000 based on strong product
demand at both Breeze-Eastern and Norco.

Consolidated gross margins were $86.4 million in 2001 versus $88.3 million in
2000.

The Company reported an Operating Loss in 2001 of $27.2 million compared to
Operating Profit of $40.0 million in 2000. In 2001, the Company reported an
asset impairment charge of $67.9 million related to the announced intention to
sell its TCR, ARM, and Rings business units. This impairment loss relates
primarily to the write-down of goodwill, patents, trademarks and net property.
In addition, in 2001 the Company incurred additional costs in the U.K.
associated with its consolidation of the Ellison and Anderton retaining ring
plants of $2.1 million. Reduced product demand and lower gross margins
contributed to this reported Operating Loss in 2001. Specific segment results
are discussed below.

Net interest expense increased $14.5 million due to higher debt levels in 2001
versus 2000 to fund the Tinnerman and Ellison acquisitions which occurred in
2000. Also contributing to increased interest expense were higher interest rates
in 2001 versus 2000 and a charge of $2.3 million in 2001 related to loan fees
associated with the refinancing of the Company's bridge loan, which occurred on
September 1, 2000.

The Company reported a tax benefit of $10.9 million in 2001 which included the
estimated tax effects of the sale of the TCR, ARM, and Rings businesses and a
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets related to the future sales of these
business units.

New orders received during 2001 totaled $320.1 million versus $305.2 million in
2000. This increase reflected the inclusion of 12 months of orders in 2001
versus seven months of orders in 2000 for the Tinnerman businesses. This was
offset somewhat by lower bookings in several of the Specialty Fasteners Products
business units reflecting lower product demand. At March 31, 2001, total backlog
of unfilled orders was $99.4 million versus $109.6 million at March 31, 2000.
New orders and backlog by segment are discussed below.

SPECIALTY FASTENER PRODUCTS SEGMENT 2001 COMPARED TO 2000

Sales for the Specialty Fastener Products segment were $257.6 million in 2001
versus $238.4 million in 2000. $23.4 million of this increase occurred in the
Engineered Components businesses, primarily the result of the acquisition of
Tinnerman in 2000. Sales at the Hose Clamp businesses (Breeze Industrial and
Pebra) were down $4.6 million from 2000 primarily due to weak demand in the
heavy truck markets. Sales at the Engineered Rings businesses were up $4.8
million from 2000 in both European and U.S. markets. $4.9 million of this
increase resulted from the acquisition of Ellison in 2000; weak local currency
exchange rates erased strong increases in unit sales in the U.K., Germany and
Brazil. Sales at TCR were $2.6 million below 2000 due to weak product demand for
cold-headed products and production problems associated with specific product
orders.

Operating losses were $45.4 million in 2001 versus operating profit of $24.6
million in 2000. In 2001, the Company reported an asset impairment charge of
$67.9 million primarily related to the write-down of goodwill, patents,
trademarks, and property. On January 19, 2001, the Company announced that it had
intended to sell the TCR, ARM, Rings, and Hose Clamp businesses. This impairment
charge was required to write the net assets of certain of these businesses down
to estimated net realizable values associated with future dispositions.



                                       11
<PAGE>   13
Before the impairment charge, operating profit was $22.4 million. Operating
profit was down $2.1 million from 2000 in the Hose Clamp businesses reflecting
weak heavy truck production in the last half of fiscal 2001. Operating profit in
the Rings businesses was up in 2001 in the U.S., Germany, and Brazil but these
improvements were more than offset by additional losses in the U.K. resulting
from the consolidation of the Ellison and Anderton plants and associated
production and delivery problems. The Company reported additional
consolidation-related costs in 2001 of $2.1 million. Operating profit at the
Engineered Components businesses was up $2.4 million primarily due to the
inclusion of Tinnerman's results for the full year in 2001. Operating profit at
TCR was down by 34% from 2000 resulting from weak sales and lower gross margin
percentages due to product pricing pressures and production problems. In 2001,
$1.3 million was received in an arbitration award at ARM from its largest
customer due to a breach of contract to purchase a minimum amount of ARM's
products. This amount was included in operating profit in 2001.

Gross margin earned at the Engineered Rings businesses in 2001 was $5.2 million
below that of 2000 primarily due to additional production costs associated with
the U.K. plant consolidation. Gross margin in 2001 at the hose clamp businesses
was $2.7 million below 2000 due to lower sales levels and lower gross margin
percentages attributable to the slow-down in the heavy truck industry. Gross
margin earned at the Engineered Component businesses in 2001 was $5.1 million
above 2000 due to a full 12 months reported in 2001 versus 7 months in 2000.

New orders during 2001 were $253.5 million versus $243.4 million in 2000. This
increase reflects the inclusion of Tinnerman for the full year in 2001. New
orders were up 46% in 2001 over 2000 at ARM reflecting stabilization in that
business, down 3.1% at the hose clamps businesses, up 1.6% at the Engineered
Rings businesses, and down 22.1% at TCR. The backlog at March 31, 2001 was $59.2
million versus $65.4 million at March 31, 2000. Backlog declined over this
period in the Engineered Components businesses due to weakened automotive
production in the last quarter of 2001. In the Rings businesses, backlog
declined as past due unfilled orders related to U.K. production problems became
less significant.

SPECIALTY FASTENER PRODUCTS SEGMENT 2000 COMPARED WITH 1999

Sales for the Specialty Fastener Products segment were $238.4 million in 2000,
an increase of $60.6 million, or 34%, from 1999. The increase in sales was
primarily due to the acquisition of Ellison on July 19, 1999 and Tinnerman on
August 31, 1999. Increases in domestic hose clamps and assembly fasteners and
cold-headed parts sales were offset by decreases in European hose clamps and
both domestic and international retaining rings. Sales at ARM continued to
decline due to a loss of a substantial portion of business from its largest
customer and the down cycle of the airframe industry. The Company filed an
arbitration demand against this customer and the former owner seeking damages
for fraud and breach of contract, punitive damages and rescission, which was
settled in 2001.

Operating profit for the Specialty Fastener Products segment was $24.6 million
in 2000, a decrease of $1.7 million, or 6%, compared to 1999. Excluding $5.5
million of expenses relating to the consolidation of two retaining ring
factories in England as part of the Ellison acquisition program, operating
profit increased 15%. This increase was primarily driven by the Tinnerman
acquisition. Operating profits at the European operation were lower due to
reduced market and economic factors, as well as currency factors, especially the
exchange rates between the Pound sterling and the Euro. Domestic retaining ring
operating profit was lower due to lower sales volume. Operating profit in
assembly fasteners increased in 2000 mainly due to increased sales volume,
primarily in the U.S. automotive market.

New orders during 2000 for the Specialty Fastener Products segment were $243.4
million, an increase of $71.9 million, or 42%, mainly due to the Tinnerman and
Ellison acquisitions which were not owned in 1999. Backlog of unfilled orders as
of March 31, 2000 increased to $65.4 million, compared to $45.9 million at March
31, 1999, mainly due to these acquisitions.



                                       12
<PAGE>   14
AEROSPACE PRODUCTS SEGMENT 2001 COMPARED WITH 2000

Sales in 2001 were $70.5 million versus $60.8 million in 2000. Sales at
Breeze-Eastern were $7.0 million above 2000 primarily due to strong product
demand across all product lines and to a lesser degree because of improved
product pricing. Sales at Norco were $2.7 million above 2000, attributable to
strong demand in the commercial aviation OEM and spare parts business as well as
new product introductions.

Gross margin earned at Breeze-Eastern increased by $3.4 million in 2001 over
2000 which was the result of greater sales levels over the period as well as a
higher gross margin rate. Norco's gross margin increased by $0.8 million
primarily due to higher sales levels.

Operating income was $18.2 million in 2001 compared to $15.4 million in 2000.
The majority of the operating income increase over 2000 occurred at
Breeze-Eastern.

New orders during 2001 were $66.5 million versus $61.8 million in 2000. In 2001,
order intake was up $0.7 million at Breeze Eastern and $4.0 million at Norco
compared to 2000. This reflects strong unit demand for these products. Backlog
was $40.2 million at March 31, 2001 versus $44.2 million at March 31, 2000. The
decline from the past year occurred primarily at Breeze-Eastern and is the
result of the timing of large orders received.

AEROSPACE PRODUCTS SEGMENT 2000 COMPARED WITH 1999

Sales for the Aerospace Products segment were $60.8 million in 2000, an increase
of $10.7 million, or 21%, from 1999. Approximately 9% of the increase came from
increased rescue hoist and engineering development programs and 12% due to the
inclusion of twelve months of sales from Norco this year compared to eight
months in 1999.

Operating profit for the Aerospace Products segment was $15.4 million, an
increase of $3.3 million, or 27%. This increase was due to the inclusion of
Norco for the full year in 2000, as well as increased sales of rescue hoists.

New orders during 2000 for the Aerospace Products segment were $61.8 million, an
increase of $12.4 million, or 25%, mainly due to the Norco acquisition.
Increased orders also included increased engineering program orders and
increased orders for spare parts. Backlog of unfilled orders as of March 31,
2000 was $44.2 million, compared to $43.8 million at March 31, 1999.

EURO CURRENCY

Effective January 1, 1999, eleven countries comprising the European Union
established fixed foreign currency exchange rates and adopted a common currency
unit designated as the "Euro". The Euro has since become publicly traded and is
currently used in commerce during the present transition period which is
scheduled to end January 1, 2002, at which time a Euro denominated currency is
scheduled to be issued and is intended to replace those currencies of the eleven
member countries. The transition to the Euro has not resulted in problems for
the Company to date, and is not expected to have any material adverse impact on
the Company's future operations.

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities". In June 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 138,
which amends certain provisions of SFAS No. 133. The Company has appointed a
team to implement SFAS No.133 and the Company has adopted SFAS No. 133 and the
corresponding amendments under SFAS No. 138 on April 1, 2001. The impact on the
Company of SFAS Nos. 133 and 138, adopted as of April 1, 2001, would result in a
charge to other comprehensive income of $3.2 million and an offsetting liability
of $3.2 million at that date.



                                       13
<PAGE>   15
Staff Accounting Bulletin ("SAB") No. 101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements" was issued in December 1999. SAB No. 101b, "Second Amendment:
Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements", defers implementation of SAB No.
101 until no later than the fourth quarter of fiscal 2001. These SAB's were
implemented effective January 1, 2001, and did not have a material impact on the
Company's revenue recognition policies.

ACQUISITIONS

On August 31, 1999, the Company acquired all of the assets and assumed certain
liabilities, consisting primarily of trade debts and accrued expenses, of the
Engineered Fasteners Division of Eaton Corporation and its Tinnerman product
line (collectively referred to as "Tinnerman") for a total purchase price of
$173.3 million in cash. Tinnerman had 650 employees and manufactures a wide
variety of fastening devices for the automotive, business equipment, consumer
electronics and home appliance markets. Tinnerman has manufacturing facilities
in Brunswick and Massillon, Ohio and Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.

On July 19, 1999, the Company acquired all the outstanding capital stock of
Ellison Holdings PLC, a privately held company, and its German affiliate
Ellison, Roettges & Co. GmbH (collectively referred to as "Ellison") for $13.8
million in cash, a $0.4 million note payable 24 months from the date of
acquisition and other contingent consideration. Ellison, headquartered in
Glusburn, West Yorkshire, England, manufactures retaining and snap rings as well
as lockwashers for the automotive, heavy vehicle and industrial markets.

On June 29, 1998, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of Aerospace
Rivet Manufacturers Corporation ("ARM") for $26.2 million in cash, including
direct acquisition costs, and other contingent consideration. ARM, located in
City of Industry, California, produces rivets and externally threaded fasteners
for the aerospace industry.

On July 28, 1998, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of Norco,
Inc. ("Norco") for $17.7 million in cash, including direct acquisition costs,
and other contingent consideration. Norco, located in Ridgefield, Connecticut,
produces aircraft engine compartment hold open rods, actuators and other motion
control devices for the aerospace industry.

ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

Included in Other Assets at March 31, 2001 and 2000, were assets held for sale
related to businesses previously reported as discontinued operations of $2.9
million and $5.2 million, respectively.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The Company's credit facilities are considered short term and reflect the terms
of the forbearance agreement with its lenders (the "Lenders"). The Company plans
to reduce debt as previously announced by selling several of its fastener
business units, and has taken action and initiated discussions with interested
parties. The terms of sale of each business unit are subject to the approval of
the Lenders. The Company's debt-to capitalization ratio was 84%, 68%, and 45% as
of March 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The higher
debt-to-capitalization ratio for 2001 reflects reduced equity due to impairment
charges of $78 million recorded in connection with the Company's restructuring
and divestiture plan to reduce debt. Higher debt ratios for 2000 reflect the
additional bank borrowings necessary for the Tinnerman and Ellison acquisitions
in that year.

The current ratio as of March 31, 2001 was 0.41, compared to 1.01 and 3.39 at
March 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Working capital was ($190.8) million at
March 31, 2001, down $192.6 million from 2000 and down $261.9 million from 1999.
The reduction in working capital in 2001 was due to the reclassification of long
term bank debt to short term debt reflecting the terms of the current
forbearance agreement, which has expiration dates less than one year. Total debt
as of March 31, 2001 was $272.5 million or $4.9 million less than the March 31,
2000 amount.



                                       14
<PAGE>   16
Effective December 31, 2000, the Company was not able to meet certain financial
ratio requirements of the credit facility (the "Credit Facility"), as amended.
Pursuant to discussions with the Lenders, the Company and the Lenders agreed to
an amendment to the Credit Facility to include a forbearance agreement, the
payment of certain other fees by the Company and imposition of certain
conditions on the Company, including the suspension of dividend payments. During
the forbearance period the Lenders agree not to exercise certain of their rights
and remedies under the Credit Agreement. The Company has, accordingly,
classified its bank debt as "current" to reflect the fact that the forbearance
period is less than one year. The term of the forbearance period, initially
scheduled to expire on January 31, 2001, was subsequently extended by an
additional amendment to March 29, 2001. This additional amendment also reduced
the Revolver from $200 million to $175 million with an additional sub-limit on
usage at $162 million. Prior to the March 29, 2001 expiration date, an extension
was agreed to extend the termination date until June 27, 2001, provided that
certain performance and debt reduction requirements were achieved, in which case
the forbearance termination date may be further extended under similar terms and
conditions until September 27, 2001. The debt reduction requirements of the
forbearance agreement stipulated that $50 million be repaid prior to June 27,
2001, which was deemed satisfied, with the consent of the Lenders, by the sale
of the Company's Breeze Industrial and Pebra divisions in July 2001, and the
remainder to be repaid prior to the September 27, 2001 termination date. Funds
for such debt repayments are expected to be realized from the sale of business
assets with the prior consent of the lending group. The forbearance agreement
also requires the achievement of minimum levels of EBITDA (earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization), and the adherence to borrowing
limits as adjusted based on the scheduled debt reduction. Other terms of the
forbearance agreement include the payment of certain fees, reporting and
consulting requirements. The Company has taken action to reduce its debt by
preparing to sell certain of its businesses in order to either comply with the
requirements of the existing Credit Facility as amended or to be in an improved
financial position to negotiate further amendments or borrowing alternatives.
The Company has made all of its scheduled interest and principal payments on a
timely basis. Various factors, including changes in business conditions,
anticipated proceeds from the sale of operations and economic conditions in
domestic and international markets in which the Company competes, will impact
the restructuring results and may affect the ability of the Company to restore
compliance with the financial ratios specified in the existing Credit Facility.

The Company has unused borrowing capacity for both domestic and international
operations of $6.2 million as of March 31, 2001, including letters of credit of
$5.0 million. The Revolver and Term Loan are secured by substantially all of the
Company's assets. As of March 31, 2001, the Company had total borrowings of
$271.2 million which have a current weighted-average interest rate of 11.5%.

Borrowings under the Revolver as of March 31, 2001, were $156.3 million.
Interest on the Revolver is tied to the primary bank's prime rate, or at the
Company's option, the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), plus a margin
that varies depending upon the Company's achievement of certain operating
results. As of March 31, 2001, $192.1 million of the Company's outstanding
borrowings utilized LIBOR, of which $165.7 million were payable in U.S. Dollars
and $7.3 million and $19.1 million were payable in Deutsche marks and Pounds
sterling, respectively. The terms of the forbearance agreement provide that the
Company's option to borrow at LIBOR is conditional upon the achievement of the
debt reduction targets of $50 million by June 27, 2001, and the remainder by
September 27, 2001. LIBOR borrowings, expiring prior to these dates, may not be
renewed unless such debt reduction has occurred. Effective June 7, 2001, LIBOR
borrowings consequently were converted to base rate borrowings at prime rate of
7% plus a margin of 2.5% to equal a borrowing rate of 9.5%.

Borrowings under the Term Loan as of March 31, 2001, were $38.8 million. As
discussed above, the Term Debt, as well as all other debt under the Credit
Facility, has been classified as currently payable to reflect the forbearance
agreement in place.

The Credit Facility requires the Company to maintain interest rate protection on
a minimum of 50% of its variable rate debt. The Company has, accordingly,
provided sufficiently for this protection by means of interest


                                       15
<PAGE>   17
rate swap agreements which have fixed the rate of interest on $50.0 million of
debt at a base rate of 5.48% through May 4, 2002, and $75.0 million of debt at a
base rate of 6.58% through March 3, 2003. Under the Credit Facility, the base
interest rate is added to the applicable interest rate margin to determine the
total interest rate in effect. The Credit Facility restricts annual capital
expenditures to $12.0 million through 2001, $13.0 million in 2002, and $15.0
million thereafter, and contains other customary financial covenants, including
the requirement to maintain certain financial ratios relating to performance,
interest expense and debt levels. As noted above, the Company is currently
operating under a forbearance arrangement and is in the process of reducing its
debt through the sale of certain of its businesses in order to either comply
with the requirements of the existing agreement or to be in an improved
financial position to negotiate further amendments or borrowing alternatives.

On August 30, 2000, the Company completed a private placement of $75 million in
senior subordinated notes (the "Notes") and certain warrants to purchase shares
of the Company's common stock (the "Warrants") to a group of institutional
investors (collectively, the "Purchasers"). The Company used the proceeds of the
private placement to retire, in full, a $75 million Bridge Loan held by a group
of lenders led by Fleet National Bank. The Notes are due on August 29, 2005 and
bear interest at a rate of 16% per annum, consisting of 13% cash interest on
principal, payable quarterly, and 3% interest on principal, payable quarterly in
"payment-in-kind" promissory notes. Prepayment of the Notes is permitted after
August 29, 2001 at a premium initially of 9% declining to 5%, 3%, and 1%
annually, respectively, thereafter. The Notes contain customary financial
covenants and events of default, including a cross-default provision to the
Company's Credit Facility.

The Warrants entitle the Purchasers to acquire in the aggregate 427,602 shares,
or 6.5%, of the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $9.93 a
share, which represents the average daily closing price of the Company's common
stock on the New York Stock Exchange for the thirty (30) days preceding the
completion of the private placement, and which may be subject to a price
adjustment on the first anniversary of the issuance of the Warrants. The
Warrants must be exercised by August 29, 2010. These Warrants have been valued
at an appraised amount of $0.2 million and have been recorded in paid in
capital. In connection with the transaction, the Company and certain of its
subsidiaries signed a Consent and Amendment Agreement with its senior debt
lenders (the "Lenders") under the Company's $250 million Credit Facility
existing at that time, in which the Lenders consented to the private placement
and amended certain financial covenants associated with the Credit Facility.

As of March 31, 2001, the Company had $1.3 million of other long-term debt
consisting of collateralized borrowing arrangements with fixed interest rates of
3% and 3.75% and loans on life insurance policies owned by the Company with a
fixed interest rate of 5%.

The Company did not purchase any treasury stock in 2001 or 2000 in contrast to
1999 during which the Company purchased 249,000 shares for $4.9 million.
Treasury stock purchases are made in the open market or in negotiated
transactions when opportunities are deemed to arise. Purchases of treasury stock
are limited by the terms of the Company's Credit Facility.

Management believes that the Company's plan to divest several of its business
units in order to reduce debt, along with the anticipated cash flow from its
retained business operations, will be sufficient to support working capital,
capital expenditure, and debt service costs. The amount and timing of proceeds
from such sales is subject to market and other conditions which the Company
cannot control. Capital expenditures in 2001 were $5.7 million compared to $10.0
million in 2000 and $14.8 million in 1999, with capital expenditures for the
Fastener Segment being much larger than those required by the Aerospace Products
Segment. The Company expects capital expenditures in 2002 to be lower than the
2001 amount mainly due to the planned business unit dispositions.



                                       16
<PAGE>   18
INFLATION: While neither inflation nor deflation has had, and the Company does
not expect it to have, a material impact upon operating results, there can be no
assurance that its business will not be affected by inflation or deflation in
the future.

CONTINGENCIES

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS: During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000, the Company
presented an environmental cleanup plan for a portion of a site in Pennsylvania
which continues to be owned although the related business has been sold. This
plan was submitted pursuant to the Consent Order and Agreement with the
Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection ("PaDEP") concluded in
fiscal 1999. Pursuant to the Consent Order, upon its execution the Company paid
$0.2 million for past costs, future oversight expenses and in full settlement of
claims made by PaDEP related to the environmental remediation of the site with
an additional $0.2 million paid in fiscal 2001. A second Consent Order was
concluded with PaDEP in the third quarter of fiscal 2001 for another portion of
the site, and a third Consent Order for the remainder of the site is
contemplated by October 1, 2002. The Company is also administering an agreed
settlement with the Federal government under which the government pays 50% of
the environmental response costs associated with a portion of the site. The
Company is also in the process of finalizing the documentation of an agreed
settlement under which the Federal government will pay 45% of the environmental
response costs associated with another portion of the site. At March 31, 2000,
the Company's cleanup reserve was $1.7 million based on the net present value of
future expected cleanup costs. In fiscal 1999, the Company settled for a
recovery of a portion of cleanup costs with its insurance carriers for
approximately $5.1 million (net) which was included in Other income-net. The
Company expects that remediation at the Pennsylvania site will not be completed
for several years.

The Company also continues to participate in environmental assessments and
remediation work at ten other locations, which include operating facilities,
facilities for sale, and previously owned facilities. The Company estimates that
its potential cost for implementing corrective action at these sites will not
exceed $0.2 million payable over the next several years, and has provided for
the estimated costs in its accrual for environmental liabilities.

In addition, the Company has been named as a potentially responsible party in
seven environmental proceedings pending in several other states in which it is
alleged that the Company was a generator of waste that was sent to landfills and
other treatment facilities and, as to several sites, it is alleged that the
Company was an owner or operator. Such properties generally relate to businesses
which have been sold or discontinued. The Company estimates that its expected
future costs, and its estimated proportional share of remedial work to be
performed, associated with these proceedings will not exceed $0.1 million and
has provided for these estimated costs in its accrual for environmental
liabilities.

LITIGATION: The Company is also engaged in various other legal proceedings
incidental to its business. It is the opinion of management that, after taking
into consideration information furnished by its counsel, the above matters will
have no material effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or the
results of the Company's operations in future periods.

INFORMATION ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: Certain statements in this
document constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Acts"). Any statements contained herein that are not statements of
historical fact are deemed to be forward-looking statements.

The forward-looking statements in this document are based on current beliefs,
estimates and assumptions concerning the operations, future results, and
prospects of the Company. As actual operations and results may materially differ
from those assumed in forward-looking statements, there is no assurance that
forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate. Forward-looking statements
are subject to the safe harbors created in the Acts.


                                       17
<PAGE>   19
Any number of factors could affect future operations and results, including,
without limitation, the Company's ability to dispose of some or all of the
business operations proposed for divestiture for the consideration currently
estimated to be received by the Company or within the timeframe anticipated by
the Company; the Company's ability to arrive at a mutually satisfactory
amendment of its credit facilities with its lenders, if required; in the event
of divestiture, the Company's ability to be profitable with a smaller and less
diverse base of operations that will generate less revenue; the value of
replacement operations, if any; general industry and economic conditions;
interest rate trends; capital requirements; competition from other companies;
changes in applicable laws, rules and regulations affecting the Company in the
locations in which it conducts its business; the availability of equity and/or
debt financing in the amounts and on the terms necessary to support the
Company's future business and/or to provide adequate financing for parties
interested in purchasing operations identified for divestiture; and those
specific risks that are discussed in the Company's previously filed Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000.

The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information or future events.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

The Company is exposed to various market risks, including changes in foreign
currency exchange rates and interest rates. Market risk is the potential loss
arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as foreign
currency exchange rates and interest rates. The Company enters into
off-balance-sheet forward foreign exchange instruments in order to hedge certain
intercompany financing denominated in foreign currencies, accounts receivable
denominated in foreign currencies, a percentage of projected sales denominated
in foreign currencies, and projected foreign currency intercompany purchases.
Gains and losses on forward foreign exchange instruments that hedge specific
third party transactions are included in the cost of carrying value of the
underlying transaction. Gains and losses on instruments that are hedges of
projected third party transactions are included in current period income. The
Company recognized $0.5 million of unrealized gains on forward exchange
contracts in 2000 that were hedges of forecasted future transactions. In 2001,
the Company reversed $0.5 million of these gains as the hedges matured, which
reduced income in 2001.

At March 31, 2001, the Company had outstanding forward foreign exchange
contracts to purchase and sell $10.8 million of various currencies (principally
Deutsche marks and Pounds sterling). At March 31, 2001, if all forward contracts
were closed out there would be no cash received or paid (the fair value of all
outstanding contracts is $0.0 million). A 10% fluctuation in the exchange rates
for the currencies hedged would have a $0.9 million effect on fair values of
these instruments.

The table below summarizes, by currency, the contractual amounts of the
Company's foreign exchange contracts at March 31, 2001 and 2000. The "Buy"
amounts represent the U.S. dollar equivalent of commitments to purchase foreign
currencies, and the "Sell" amounts represent the U.S. dollar equivalent to sell
foreign currencies (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             2001                      2000
                      ---------------------------------------------
                        BUY         SELL         BUY          SELL
<S>                   <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
Currency
  Deutsche mark           --      $ 9,977           --      $10,589
  Pound sterling      $  779           --      $17,501        1,667
                      ---------------------------------------------
                      $  779      $ 9,977      $17,501      $12,256
                      ---------------------------------------------
</TABLE>



                                       18
<PAGE>   20
The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements to manage a portion of its
exposure to interest rate changes. The swaps involve the exchange of fixed and
variable interest rate payments without exchanging the notional principal
amount. Payments or receipts on the swap agreements are recorded as adjustments
to interest expense. At March 31, 2001 the Company had outstanding interest rate
swap agreements to convert $125 million of floating rate debt to fixed rate
debt. The fair value of these swaps was approximately ($3.2) million at March
31, 2001.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               NOTIONAL
                                AMOUNT                      RECEIVE    PAY
                            (IN THOUSANDS)    MATURITIES    RATE(1)    RATE
<S>                         <C>               <C>           <C>        <C>

March 31, 2001                 $25,000           5/02        4.88%     5.48%
                                25,000           5/02        4.88      5.48
                                37,500           3/03        4.88      6.58
                                37,500           3/03        4.88      6.58
</TABLE>

(1)  Based on three-month LIBOR


ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Page
                                                                             ----
<S>                                                                          <C>
Financial Statements:
         Independent Auditors' Report ...................................     20
         Statements of Consolidated Operations ..........................     21
         Consolidated Balance Sheets ....................................     22
         Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows ..........................     23
         Statements of Consolidated Shareholders' Equity ................     24
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .....................     25


Financial Statement Schedules:

         Schedule II - Consolidated Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for
         years ended March 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999.

         Schedules referenced in Article 5 of Regulation S-X, other than
         that listed above, are not required and have been omitted.
</TABLE>



                                       19
<PAGE>   21
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of
TransTechnology Corporation:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TransTechnology
Corporation and subsidiaries as of March 31, 2001 and 2000, and the related
statements of consolidated operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2001. Our audits also
included the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 14. These
financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of
the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of TransTechnology Corporation and
subsidiaries at March 31, 2001 and 2000, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2001
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when
considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a
whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth herein.


Parsippany, New Jersey
July 13, 2001




                                       20
<PAGE>   22
                           TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

                      STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS
                        (In thousands, except share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Years ended March 31,
                                                                         2001             2000             1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                  <C>              <C>              <C>
Net sales                                                            $   328,071      $   299,252      $   228,006
Cost of sales                                                            239,517          209,949          156,090
Plant consolidation charge                                                 2,113              991               --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           Gross profit                                                   86,441           88,312           71,916
General, administrative and selling expenses                              59,617           53,447           46,552
Interest expense                                                          34,420           19,945            6,938
Interest income                                                             (114)            (518)            (412)
Other income - net                                                        (1,747)            (624)          (6,362)
Allowance on notes receivable                                                 --               --              906
Provision for plant consolidation                                             --            4,554               --
Provision for impairment of business unit assets                          67,879               --               --
Provision for impairment of corporate assets                              10,208               --               --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Loss) income before income taxes and extraordinary charge               (83,822)          11,508           24,294
(Benefit) provision for income taxes                                     (10,852)           4,373            9,704
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Loss) income before extraordinary charge                                (72,970)           7,135           14,590
Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt (net of applicable
  tax benefits of $339 and $532 for 2000 and 1999, respectively)              --             (541)            (781)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) income                                                    $   (72,970)     $     6,594      $    13,809
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Basic:
    (Loss) income before extraordinary charge                        $    (11.83)     $      1.16      $      2.33
    Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt                              --            (0.09)           (0.12)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) income per share                                          $    (11.83)     $      1.07      $      2.21
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Diluted:
    (Loss) income before extraordinary charge                        $    (11.83)     $      1.16      $      2.30
    Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt                              --            (0.09)           (0.12)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) income per share                                          $    (11.83)     $      1.07      $      2.18
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weighted - average basic shares outstanding                            6,167,000        6,139,000        6,249,000
Weighted - average diluted shares outstanding                          6,167,000        6,150,000        6,341,000
</TABLE>


See notes to consolidated financial statements


                                       21
<PAGE>   23
                           TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                        (In thousands, except share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                       MARCH 31,
ASSETS                                                                                            2001           2000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                            <C>            <C>
CURRENT ASSETS:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    $   1,964      $   3,350
  Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of
    $1,529 and $1,129 in 2001 and 2000, respectively)                                             58,581         61,819
  Inventories                                                                                     61,346         65,744
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                        1,839          1,902
  Income tax receivable                                                                            5,600             40
  Deferred income taxes                                                                            1,512          1,872
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total current assets                                                                   130,842        134,727
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PROPERTY:
  Land                                                                                            13,210         14,320
  Buildings                                                                                       28,412         29,933
  Machinery and equipment                                                                         93,654         93,725
  Furniture and fixtures                                                                          10,963         11,587
  Leasehold improvements                                                                           3,587          3,503
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total                                                                                  149,826        153,068
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                                                    68,572         47,048
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Property - net                                                                          81,254        106,020
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER ASSETS:
  Notes receivable                                                                                    61          3,455
  Costs in excess of net assets of acquired businesses (net of accumulated
    amortization of $15,589 and $10,933 in 2001 and 2000, respectively)                          139,793        192,115
  Patents and trademarks (net of accumulated amortization of $2,310 and $1,334
    in 2001 and 2000, respectively)                                                               16,902         20,809
  Deferred income taxes                                                                           11,360          9,987
  Other                                                                                           13,037         15,642
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total other assets                                                                     181,153        242,008
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL                                                                                          $ 393,249      $ 482,755
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
  Callable long-term debt                                                                      $ 271,307      $      --
  Current portion of long-term debt                                                                   88         82,585
  Accounts payable - trade                                                                        20,067         25,550
  Accrued compensation                                                                            10,295         10,359
  Accrued income taxes                                                                             3,194          5,799
  Other current liabilities                                                                       16,734          8,672
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total current liabilities                                                              321,685        132,965
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LONG-TERM DEBT PAYABLE TO BANKS AND OTHERS                                                         1,055        194,759
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DEFERRED INCOME TAXES                                                                              5,298         11,873
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES                                                                       13,336         14,275
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Notes 12 and 13)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
  Preferred stock - authorized, 300,000 shares; none issued
  Common stock - authorized, 14,700,000 shares of $.01 par value, issued,
   6,718,614 and 6,691,232 shares in 2001 and 2000, respectively                                      67             67
  Additional paid-in capital                                                                      78,091         77,587
  Notes receivable from officers                                                                    (191)            --
  (Accumulated deficit) retained earnings                                                        (10,446)        63,722
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                            (6,323)        (3,157)
  Unearned compensation                                                                             (253)          (267)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                  60,945        137,952
  Less treasury stock, at cost - 546,428 and 546,394 shares in 2001 and 2000, respectively        (9,070)        (9,069)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total stockholders' equity                                                              51,875        128,883
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL                                                                                          $ 393,249      $ 482,755
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                       22
<PAGE>   24
                           TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

                      STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS
                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                      2001          2000         1999
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>          <C>           <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net (loss) income                                                 $(72,970)    $   6,594     $ 13,809
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
    operating activities:
    Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt                          --           541          781
    Gain on sale of marketable securities                                (13)           --       (1,082)
    Impairment of assets                                              66,052            --           --
    Depreciation and amortization                                     19,632        17,617       10,802
    Non-cash interest expense                                          1,484            --           --
    Write-down of assets - plant consolidation                            --         1,762           --
    Provision for losses on accounts and notes receivable, and
      cost investments                                                 7,479           199          803
    Loss (gain) on sale or disposal of fixed assets and
      discontinued businesses                                             64            10          (28)
    Changes in assets and liabilities - excluding the effects
      of acquisitions:
      Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable                       1,839        (9,923)       1,073
      Decrease in inventories                                          1,983         4,089        2,266
      (Increase) decrease in other assets                             (2,258)       (1,472)       1,888
      (Decrease) increase in accounts payable                         (2,094)        7,369       (2,604)
      Increase (decrease) in accrued compensation                        161         2,548       (3,603)
      (Decrease) increase in income taxes payable                     (8,165)        3,924          686
      Increase (decrease) in other liabilities                           681        (6,550)      (6,115)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by operating activities                             13,875        26,708       18,676
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Business acquisitions                                                   --      (187,086)     (43,901)
  Capital expenditures                                                (5,671)      (10,037)     (14,759)
  Proceeds from sale of fixed assets and discontinued businesses       1,231           534          502
  Proceeds from sale of marketable securities                             56             3        2,024
  Decrease in notes and other receivables                                233           782        3,128
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash used in investing activities                                 (4,151)     (195,804)     (53,006)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Payments on long-term debt                                         (82,500)       (3,750)     (60,099)
  Proceeds from long-term borrowings and bridge loan                  75,000       125,000           --
  Issuance (repayment) of other debt, net                              4,074        55,993       99,246
  Debt issue costs                                                    (6,276)       (5,679)          --
  Exercise of stock options and other                                     --           310        1,157
  Treasury stock purchases                                                --            --       (4,926)
  Dividends paid                                                      (1,198)       (1,593)      (1,625)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                  (10,900)      170,281       33,753
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                 (210)          (90)        (128)
(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                      (1,386)        1,095         (705)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                         3,350         2,255        2,960
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                            $  1,964     $   3,350     $  2,255
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Supplemental information:
  Interest payments                                                 $ 29,475     $  17,959     $  7,130
  Income tax payments                                                  2,658         2,218        5,177
  Increase in senior subordinated note for paid-in-kind
    interest expense                                                   1,332            --           --
  Warrants issued                                                        214            --           --
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                       23
<PAGE>   25
                           TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

                 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

           YEARS ENDED                                                                 ADDITIONAL
         MARCH 31, 2001,                   COMMON STOCK          TREASURY STOCK         PAID-IN
          2000 AND 1999                 SHARES      AMOUNT     SHARES       AMOUNT      CAPITAL
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>           <C>      <C>           <C>         <C>
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 1998                6,564,079    $   66    (292,054)    $(3,999)     $75,959
  Net income                                  --        --          --          --           --
  Other comprehensive income:
    Currency translation
      adjustment (net of taxes
      of $467)                                --        --          --          --           --
    Unrealized investment
      holding gains (net of taxes
      of $117)                                --        --          --          --           --
  Cash dividends ($.26 per share)             --        --          --          --           --
  Purchase of treasury stock                                  (248,700)     (4,926)          --
  Issuance of stock under
    stock option plan                     84,714         1          --          --        1,156
  Issuance of stock under
    bonus plan                             5,062        --      (5,459)       (139)         131
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 1999                6,653,855        67    (546,213)     (9,064)      77,246

  Net income                                  --        --          --          --           --
  Other comprehensive income:
    Currency translation
      adjustment (net of taxes
      of $80)                                 --        --          --          --           --
    Unrealized investment
      holding losses (net of taxes
      of $3)                                  --        --          --          --           --
  Cash dividends ($.26 per share)             --        --          --          --           --
  Issuance of stock under
    stock option plan                     29,200        --          --          --          189
  Issuance of stock under
    bonus plan                             8,177        --        (181)         (5)         152
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2000                6,691,232        67    (546,394)     (9,069)      77,587

  Net loss                                    --        --          --          --           --
  Other comprehensive loss:
    Minimum pension liability
      adjustment (net of taxes
      of $685)                                --        --          --          --           --
    Currency translation
      adjustment (net of taxes
      of $1,093)                              --        --          --          --           --
    Unrealized investment
       holding loss                           --        --          --          --           --
  Less:  reclassification adjust-
    ment for gains included in
    net loss                                  --        --          --          --           --
  Cash dividends                              --        --          --          --           --
  Issuance of warrants under
    mezzanine debt                            --        --          --          --          214
  Issuance of stock under
    stock option plan/other               15,000        --          --          --          171
  Issuance of stock under
    bonus plan                            12,382        --         (34)         (1)         119
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2001                6,718,614    $   67    (546,428)    $(9,070)     $78,091
=================================================================================================
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        RETAINED         NOTES       ACCUMULATED
           YEARS ENDED                  EARNINGS      RECEIVABLE        OTHER                         TOTAL
         MARCH 31, 2001,              (ACCUMULATED       FROM       COMPREHENSIVE     UNEARNED     COMPREHENSIVE
          2000 AND 1999                 DEFICIT)       OFFICERS         LOSS        COMPENSATION   INCOME (LOSS)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   -------------
<S>                                   <C>             <C>           <C>             <C>            <C>
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 1998                 $ 46,537             --      $   (2,495)     $    (236)
  Net income                              13,809             --              --             --       $13,809.00
  Other comprehensive income:
    Currency translation
      adjustment (net of taxes
      of $467)                                --             --            (701)            --             (701)
    Unrealized investment
      holding gains (net of taxes
      of $117)                                --             --             175             --              175
  Cash dividends ($.26 per share)         (1,625)            --              --             --               --
  Purchase of treasury stock                  --             --              --             --               --
  Issuance of stock under
    stock option plan                         --             --              --             --               --
  Issuance of stock under
    bonus plan                                --             --              --             (3)              --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   -------------
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 1999                   58,721             --          (3,021)          (239)      $   13,283
                                                                                                   =============
  Net income                               6,594             --              --             --       $ 6,594.00
  Other comprehensive income:
    Currency translation
      adjustment (net of taxes
      of $80)                                 --             --            (131)            --             (131)
    Unrealized investment
      holding losses (net of taxes
      of $3)                                  --             --              (5)            --               (5)
  Cash dividends ($.26 per share)         (1,593)            --              --             --               --
  Issuance of stock under
    stock option plan                         --             --              --             --               --
  Issuance of stock under
    bonus plan                                --             --              --            (28)              --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   -------------
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2000                   63,722             --          (3,157)          (267)      $    6,458
                                                                                                   =============
  Net loss                               (72,970)            --              --                      $ (72,970)
  Other comprehensive loss:
    Minimum pension liability
      adjustment (net of taxes
      of $685)                                --             --          (1,141)            --           (1,141)
    Currency translation
      adjustment (net of taxes
      of $1,093)                              --             --          (2,029)            --           (2,029)
    Unrealized investment
       holding loss                           --             --              (6)            --               (6)
  Less:  reclassification adjust-
    ment for gains included in
    net loss                                  --             --              10             --               10
  Cash dividends                          (1,198)            --              --             --               --
  Issuance of warrants under
    mezzanine debt                            --             --              --             --               --
  Issuance of stock under
    stock option plan/other                   --           (191)             --             --               --
  Issuance of stock under
    bonus plan                                --             --              --             14               --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   -------------
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2001                 $(10,446)      $   (191)     $   (6,323)     $    (253)      $  (76,136)
================================================================================================   =============
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                       24
<PAGE>   26
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 (Dollars in thousands except per share amounts)


NOTE 1   Summary of Accounting Principles

         BUSINESS - The fiscal year for TransTechnology Corporation (the
"Company") ends on March 31. Accordingly, all references to years in the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements refer to the fiscal year ended March 31 of
the indicated year unless otherwise specified.

         The Company develops, manufactures and sells a wide range of products
in two industry segments, Specialty Fastener Products and Aerospace Products.
The Company has manufacturing facilities located in the United States, Canada,
Germany, the United Kingdom and Brazil. The Specialty Fastener Products Segment
produces highly engineered precision metal retaining rings, gear driven band
fasteners, circlips, custom cold-formed parts, head light adjusters, rivets and
other threaded and non-threaded assembly fasteners primarily for the automotive,
heavy truck, industrial, aerospace and consumer/durables markets and accounted
for approximately 79% of the Company's consolidated 2001 net sales. Through its
Aerospace Products Segment, the Company develops, manufactures, sells and
services a complete line of sophisticated lifting and restraining products,
principally performance critical helicopter rescue hoist and cargo hook systems,
winches and hoists for aircraft and weapons systems and aircraft engine
compartment hold open rods, actuators and other motion control devices. This
segment accounted for approximately 21% of the Company's consolidated 2001 net
sales.

         USE OF ESTIMATES - The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in its
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. Estimates used for asset impairment are based upon
future cash flow projections or, in the case of assets to be sold, appraisals
and fair market value estimates obtained from investment bankers.

         PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION - The accompanying consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, all of
which, except one subsidiary in Spain, are wholly-owned. Intercompany balances
and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Investments in less than 20%
owned companies are accounted for by the cost method.

         REVENUE RECOGNITION - Revenue is recognized at the later of 1) when
products are shipped to customers, or 2) when title passes to customers.

         CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - The Company considers all highly liquid
investments with a maturity at date of acquisition of three months or less to be
cash equivalents.

         INVENTORIES - Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.
Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out method. Cost includes material,
labor and manufacturing overhead costs.

         PROPERTY AND RELATED DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION - Property is
recorded at cost. Provisions for depreciation are made on a straight-line basis
over the estimated useful lives of depreciable assets ranging from three to
thirty years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed on a
straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the
improvements or the terms of the leases. The Company reviews property and
equipment and assets held for sale for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable. Depreciation expense for the years ended March 31, 2001, 2000 and
1999 was $11.1 million, $11.2 million and $8.6 million, respectively.



                                       25
<PAGE>   27
         COSTS IN EXCESS OF NET ASSETS OF ACQUIRED BUSINESSES - The difference
between the purchase price and the fair value of the net assets of acquired
businesses is included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets under the
caption "Costs in excess of net assets of acquired businesses" and is being
amortized over 40 years. The Company periodically estimates the future
undiscounted cash flows of the businesses to which goodwill relates to ensure
that the carrying value of such goodwill has not been impaired.

         PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS - Patents are amortized on a straight-line basis
over their remaining lives not to exceed 20 years. Trademarks are amortized on a
straight-line basis over 40 years.

         EARNINGS PER SHARE ("EPS") - The computation of basic earnings per
share is based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. The
computation of diluted earnings per share assumes the foregoing and, in
addition, the exercise of all dilutive stock options using the treasury stock
method.

         The components of the denominator for basic earnings per common share
and diluted earnings per common share are reconciled as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   2001         2000         1999
<S>                                             <C>          <C>          <C>
Basic earnings per common share:
  Weighted-average common shares outstanding    6,167,000    6,139,000    6,249,000
                                                -----------------------------------

Diluted earnings per common share:
  Weighted-average common share outstanding     6,167,000    6,139,000    6,249,000
  Stock options                                        --       11,000       92,000
                                                -----------------------------------

Denominator for diluted earnings per
  common share                                  6,167,000    6,150,000    6,341,000
                                                -----------------------------------
</TABLE>


         Options to purchase 505,971 shares of common stock at prices between
$8.84 and $27.88 were outstanding during 2001 but were not included in the
computation of diluted EPS because the options' exercise prices were greater
than the average market price of the common shares. Similarly, during 2000
options to purchase 288,759 shares of common stock at prices between $15.13 and
$30.13 were outstanding but were not included in the computation of diluted EPS.
During 1999, options to purchase 169,774 shares of common stock at prices
between $22.94 and $27.88 were outstanding but were not included in the
computation of diluted EPS.

         RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND ENGINEERING COSTS - Research and development
costs and engineering costs, which are charged to expense when incurred,
amounted to $2.4 million, $2.0 million and $2.4 million in 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively. Included in these amounts were expenditures of $1.2 million, $1.3
million and $1.2 million in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively, which represent
costs related to research and development activities.

         FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION - The assets and liabilities of the
Company's international operations have been translated into U.S. dollars at
year-end exchange rates, with resulting translation gains and losses accumulated
as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. Income and
expense items are converted into U.S. dollars at average rates of exchange
prevailing during the year.



                                       26
<PAGE>   28
         INCOME TAXES - Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax
bases. The Company periodically assesses recoverability of deferred tax assets
and provisions for valuation allowances are made as required.

         INVESTMENTS - During 1999, the Company sold 465,000 shares of Mace
Security International common stock, received in a prior transaction, for $2.0
million in cash and realized a pretax gain of $1.1 million.

         In 2001, the Company wrote off its investment in an investee in the
amount of $3.2 million together with a note receivable in the amount of $3.7
million as a result of a foreclosure on the investee's outstanding loans by its
senior lenders.

         FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - The Company does not hold or issue financial
instruments for trading purposes. Amounts to be paid or received under interest
rate swap agreements are recognized as increases or reductions in interest
expense in the periods in which they accrue. The Company enters into
off-balance-sheet forward foreign exchange instruments in order to hedge certain
intercompany loans denominated in foreign currencies, accounts receivable
denominated in foreign currencies, a percentage of projected sales denominated
in foreign currencies, and projected foreign currency intercompany purchases.
Gains and losses on the financing transactions are included in other income -
net. Gains and losses on forward foreign exchange instruments that hedge
specific third party transactions are included in the cost or carrying value of
the underlying transaction. Gains and losses on instruments that are hedges of
projected third party transactions are included in current period income.

         NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS - In June 1998, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ("FASB") issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities". In June 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 138, which amends certain
provisions of SFAS No. 133. The Company has appointed a team to implement SFAS
No.133 and the Company has adopted SFAS No. 133 and the corresponding amendments
under SFAS No. 138 on April 1, 2001. The impact on the Company of SFAS Nos. 133
and 138, adopted as of April 1, 2001, would result in a charge to other
comprehensive income of $3.2 million and an offsetting liability of $3.2 million
at that date.

         Staff Accounting Bulletin ("SAB") No. 101, "Revenue Recognition in
Financial Statements" was issued in December 1999. SAB No. 101b, "Second
Amendment: Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements", defers implementation
of SAB No. 101 until no later than the fourth quarter of fiscal 2001. These
SAB's were implemented effective January 1, 2001, and did not have any material
impact on the Company's revenue recognition policies.

         IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS - The Company, in the event that
circumstances arise that indicate that it's long-lived assets may be impaired,
performs evaluations of asset impairment in accordance with SFAS No. 121,
"Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to
be Disposed Of." The assets' carrying values are compared to the estimated
future undiscounted cash flows of the assets, or expected sale proceeds for
assets expected to be sold, to determine if a write-down is required. The
Company reported an impairment of long-lived assets in 2001 as discussed below.

         SEGMENT INFORMATION - The Company has reported segment information in
accordance with SFAS No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and
Related Information." SFAS No. 131 requires disclosure of financial data based
on the "management approach" to business decision-making. The management
approach is based on internal information used for making operating decisions
and assessing the performance of the Company's reportable segments. SFAS No. 131
also requires disclosures regarding products and services. Segment information
is reported separately in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.

         RECLASSIFICATIONS - Certain reclassifications have been made to prior
years' financial statements to conform to the 2001 presentation.



                                       27
<PAGE>   29
NOTE 2      Management Initiatives and Restructuring

      On January 19, 2001, the Company announced its intention to restructure
and divest its cold - headed products (TCR), aerospace rivet (Aerospace Rivet
Manufacturers Corp), retaining ring (Seeger-Orbis, TransTechnology (GB), TT
Brasil and TT Engineered Rings USA) and hose clamp operations (Breeze Industrial
and Pebra). The Company stated that it had retained an investment banking firm
to consider further strategic and business initiatives following these actions.
In association with the restructuring, the Company stated it would suspend the
payment of its quarterly dividend and recognize a charge in the fourth fiscal
quarter of 2001 related to anticipated losses on the sale of several of these
businesses as well as the provision for severance and other costs associated
with these divestitures. Proceeds from the sales of the businesses will be used
to repay debt and to refocus the Company's efforts on the design, manufacture
and marketing of specialized aerospace equipment.

      The Company entered into an amendment of its existing credit agreement
under which the Company's senior lenders agreed to forbearance with respect to
the Company's continuing violations of certain covenants in the senior agreement
through September 27, 2001, subject to the Company meeting certain interim debt
reduction and EBITDA targets. The Company's subordinated lenders also entered
into a forbearance agreement with respect to the Company's expected violation of
its net worth covenant as the result of write-offs to be incurred in the fourth
fiscal quarter of 2001 as part of its restructuring plan.

      In connection with this restructuring in the fourth quarter of 2001, the
Company recognized an impairment charge of $67.9 million relating to a writedown
of assets to expected realizable values of the Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers,
TCR and the Engineered Rings businesses. Net realizable value is fair value less
cost to sell. The Company has ceased depreciating/amortizing these assets
effective January 19, 2001. The resultant carrying value of these businesses to
be sold at March 31, 2001 was $85.3 million, which is the Company's combined
estimate of realizable value. This impairment charge is summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Impairment Charge

<S>                                                            <C>
           Writedown of  Property, net                            $13,462
           Writedown of Goodwill                                   47,659
           Writedown of Patents and Trademarks                      2,631
           Establishment of liabilities for transaction costs       1,750
           Establishment of liabilities, other                      2,377
                                                                  -------
                                                                  $67,879
                                                                  =======
</TABLE>

      The Company expects additional net non-cash write-offs of goodwill in
fiscal 2002 resulting from the divestiture process, including a gain on the July
10, 2001 sale of its Breeze Industrial Products and Pebra hose clamp businesses
and an anticipated non-cash loss resulting from the planned sale of the
TransTechnology Engineered Components business.

      The results of operations in 2001 for businesses to be sold, before the
impairment charge, were as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                            <C>
            Sales                                              $152,098
            Operating Income                                      5,293
</TABLE>


                                       28
<PAGE>   30
      In addition, the Company reported a provision for impairment of corporate
assets in the fourth quarter of 2001. These assets, which are related to sold
businesses, are summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                           <C>
Writedown of note receivable due from and
  equity investment of investee, net          $ 7,688
Writedown of real estate held for sale          2,300

Other                                             220
                                              -------

 Total impairment - corporate assets          $10,208
                                              =======
</TABLE>

The reduced carrying value of these assets, after the impairment charge, was
$1.7 million at March 31, 2001.


NOTE 3      Assets Held for Sale

      Included in Other Assets at both March 31, 2001 and 2000 were assets held
for sale related to businesses previously reported as discontinued operations of
$2.9 million and $5.2 million, respectively.


NOTE 4      Acquisitions

      On August 31, 1999, the Company acquired all of the assets and assumed
certain liabilities, consisting primarily of trade debts and accrued expenses,
of the Engineered Fasteners Division of Eaton Corporation and its Tinnerman
product line (collectively referred to as "Tinnerman") for a total purchase
price of $173.3 million in cash. Tinnerman had 650 employees and manufactures a
wide variety of fastening devices for the automotive, business equipment,
consumer electronics and home appliance markets. Tinnerman has manufacturing
facilities in Brunswick and Massillon, Ohio and Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.

      On July 19, 1999, the Company acquired all the outstanding capital stock
of Ellison Holdings PLC, a privately held company, and its German affiliate
Ellison, Roettges & Co. GmbH (collectively referred to as "Ellison") for $13.8
million in cash, a $0.4 million note payable 24 months from the date of
acquisition and other contingent consideration. Ellison, headquartered in
Glusburn, West Yorkshire, England, manufactures retaining and snap rings as well
as lockwashers for the automotive, heavy vehicle and industrial markets. As part
of the acquisition plan, the Company closed its existing facility in Bingley, UK
and consolidated that operation with the Ellison facility.

      On June 29, 1998, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of
Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers Corporation ("ARM") for $26.2 million in cash.
ARM, located in City of Industry, California, produces rivets and externally
threaded fasteners for the aerospace industry. The Company recorded $21.7
million of goodwill associated with this acquisition. As discussed below, the
Company announced the intention to sell ARM on January 19, 2001. A valuation
allowance for the unamortized balance of goodwill was established in 2001.

      On July 28, 1998, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of
Norco, Inc. ("Norco") for $17.7 million in cash, including direct acquisition
costs, and other contingent consideration. Norco, located in Ridgefield,
Connecticut, produces aircraft engine compartment hold open rods, actuators and
other motion control devices for the aerospace industry. The Company recorded
$7.1 million of goodwill associated with this acquisition which is being
amortized over 40 years.


                                       29
<PAGE>   31
      The following table presents the allocation of purchase price of the 2000
acquisitions:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        TINNERMAN        ELLISON

<S>                                                     <C>             <C>
Purchase Price                                          $ 173,329       $ 14,172
Tangible Net Assets                                        37,637         12,865
Goodwill                                                  117,692            892
Patents                                                     4,850             --
Trademarks                                                 13,150             --
</TABLE>


      The following table presents the allocation of purchase price of the 1999
acquisitions:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            NORCO            ARM

<S>                                                      <C>            <C>
Purchase Price                                           $ 17,705       $ 26,195
Tangible Net Assets                                        10,587          4,460
Goodwill                                                    7,118         21,735
</TABLE>


      The following summarizes the Company's pro forma information as if the
acquisitions of Tinnerman, Ellison, ARM and Norco had occurred at the beginning
of the period presented. The pro forma results give effect to the amortization
of goodwill and additional depreciation and the effects on interest expense and
taxes.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        2000         1999

<S>                                   <C>          <C>
Net sales                             $338,747     $345,768
                                      --------     --------
Income from continuing operations     $  7,378     $ 13,064
                                      --------     --------
Net income                            $  6,837     $ 12,283
                                      --------     --------
Basic earnings per share              $   1.11     $   1.97
                                      --------     --------
Diluted earnings per share            $   1.11     $   1.94
                                      --------     --------
</TABLE>


      The above pro forma information does not purport to be indicative of the
financial results which actually would have occurred had the acquisitions been
made at the beginning of the period presented or subsequent to that date.


                                       30
<PAGE>   32
NOTE 5      Inventories

Inventories at March 31, consisted of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      2001        2000

<S>                                  <C>         <C>
Finished goods                       $21,114     $24,012
Work in process                       18,075      18,367
Purchased and manufactured parts      22,157      23,365
                                     -------     -------

Total                                $61,346     $65,744
                                     =======     =======
</TABLE>


NOTE 6      Income Taxes

      The components of total income (loss) from operations (including
continuing extraordinary items) before income taxes were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               2001          2000          1999

<S>          <C>           <C>           <C>
Domestic     ($51,288)     $ 16,008      $ 23,689
Foreign       (32,534)       (5,378)         (708)
             --------      --------      --------
Total         (83,822)     $ 10,630      $ 22,981
             ========      ========      ========
</TABLE>


      The provision (benefit) for income taxes is summarized below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      2001          2000          1999
<S>                                 <C>           <C>           <C>
Currently payable (receivable):
  Federal                           ($ 5,600)     $  3,285      $  3,771
  Foreign                                105         1,318            --
  State                                  452           419           587
                                    --------      --------      --------
                                      (5,043)        5,022         4,358
                                    --------      --------      --------
Deferred                             (15,455)         (988)        4,814
Valuation allowance                    9,646            --            --
                                    --------      --------      --------
                                      (5,809)         (988)        4,814
                                    --------      --------      --------
Total                               ($10,852)     $  4,034      $  9,172
                                    ========      ========      ========
</TABLE>

      The provision (benefit) for income taxes is allocated between continuing
operations and extraordinary items as summarized below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                    2001          2000          1999

<S>               <C>           <C>           <C>
Continuing        ($10,852)     $  4,373      $  9,704
Extraordinary           --          (339)         (532)
                                --------      --------
Total             ($10,852)     $  4,034      $  9,172
                  ========      ========      ========
</TABLE>


                                       31
<PAGE>   33
      The consolidated effective tax rates for continuing operations differ from
the federal statutory rates as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                2001         2000         1999

<S>                                            <C>           <C>          <C>
Statutory federal rate                         (35.0%)       35.0%        35.0%
State income taxes after federal income
tax                                             (2.0)         5.2          4.9
Earnings of the foreign sales corporation         --         (9.1)        (3.4)
Amortization of purchase price of
businesses not deductible for tax purposes      14.0          5.2          2.3
Foreign rate differential                        4.7          3.2          1.0
Valuation allowance                             11.5           --           --
Investment write-offs                           (9.5)          --           --
AMT credit                                       (.5)          --           --
Other                                            3.9         (1.5)         0.2
                                              ------       ------       ------
Consolidated effective tax rate                (12.9%)       38.0%        40.0%
                                              ======       ======       ======
</TABLE>


      The following is an analysis of accumulated deferred income taxes:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           2001          2000
<S>                                      <C>           <C>
Assets:
  Current:
    Bad debts                            $    408      $     --
    Employee benefit accruals                 884           829
    Inventory                                 680            56
    Net operating loss carry-forward          100           796
    Other                                    (560)          191
                                         --------      --------
        Total current                       1,512         1,872
                                         --------      --------
  Noncurrent:
    Employee benefit accruals                 754           666
    Environmental                             389           583
    Accrued liabilities                       984         2,046
    AMT credit                                453            --
    Net operating loss carry-forward       16,818         4,531
    Other                                   1,608         2,161
    Valuation allowance                    (9,646)           --
                                         --------      --------
        Total noncurrent                   11,360         9,987
                                         --------      --------
Total assets                             $ 12,872      $ 11,859
                                         ========      ========
Liabilities:
    Property                             $  5,298      $  9,858
    Other                                      --         2,015
                                         --------      --------
Total liabilities                        $  5,298      $ 11,873
                                         ========      ========
</TABLE>

    The cumulative amount of undistributed earnings of international
subsidiaries for which U.S. income taxes have not been provided was
approximately $4.9 million at March 31, 2001. It is not practical to estimate
the amount of unrecognized deferred U.S. taxes on these undistributed earnings.


                                       32
<PAGE>   34
    The valuation allowance required under Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," has been established
for deferred income tax benefits related to certain foreign subsidiary loss
carry-forwards that may not be realized.

    The Company has federal, state and foreign net operating loss carry-forwards
of $12.0 million, $26.0 million and $32.0 million, respectively, which will be
available to offset taxable income during the carry-forward period (through
2021). The tax benefits of these items are reflected in the above analysis of
deferred tax assets and liabilities. If not used, some of these carry-forwards
begin to expire in 2004.

    The Company also has an alternative minimum tax credit carry-forward of
approximately $0.5 million which can be carried forward indefinitely.


NOTE 7      Long-term Debt Payable to Banks and Others

      Long-term debt payable to banks and others, including current maturities,
at March 31 consisted of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   2001         2000

<S>                                              <C>          <C>
Credit agreement - 10.5%                         $  2,900     $     --
Credit agreement - 9.95%                          153,368           --
Credit agreement - 8.67%                               --      154,723
Term loan - 8.69%                                      --       46,250
Term loan - 9.06%                                  38,750           --
Bridge loan - 15.44%                                   --       75,000
Senior Subordinated Notes - 16%                    76,332           --
Other                                               1,289        1,371
                                                 --------     --------
                                                  272,639      277,344
Less current maturities and amounts callable
by lenders                                        271,395       82,585
Less unamortized discount                             189           --
                                                 --------     --------
Total long-term debt                             $  1,055     $194,759
                                                 ========     ========
</TABLE>

      CREDIT FACILITIES - Effective December 31, 2000, the Company was not able
to meet certain financial ratio requirements of the credit facility (the "Credit
Facility") as amended. Pursuant to discussions with the senior debt lenders (the
"Lenders"), the Company and the Lenders agreed to an amendment to the Credit
Facility to include a forbearance agreement as well as certain other fees and
conditions, including the suspension of dividend payments. During the
forbearance period the Lenders agree not to exercise certain of their rights and
remedies under the Credit Agreement. The Company has, accordingly, classified
its bank debt as "current" to reflect the fact that the forbearance period is
less than one year. The term of the forbearance period, initially scheduled to
expire on January 31, 2001, was subsequently extended by an additional amendment
to March 29, 2001. This additional amendment also reduced the Revolver from $200
million to $175 million with an additional sub-limit on usage at $162 million.
Prior to the March 29, 2001 expiration date, an extension was agreed to extend
the termination date until June 27, 2001, provided that certain performance and
debt reduction requirements are achieved in which case the forbearance
termination date may be further extended under similar terms and conditions
until September 27, 2001. The debt reduction requirements of the forbearance
agreement stipulated that $50 million was to be repaid prior to the June 27,
2001 date, which was deemed satisfied, with the consent of the Lenders, by the
sale of the Company's Breeze Industrial and Pebra divisions in July 2001, and
the remainder to be repaid prior to the September 27, 2001 termination date.
Funds for such debt repayments are expected to be realized from the sale of
business assets with the prior consent of the Lenders. The forbearance agreement
also requires the achievement of minimum levels of EBITDA (earnings before
interest, taxes,


                                       33
<PAGE>   35
depreciation, and amortization), and the adherence to borrowing limits as
adjusted based on the scheduled debt reduction. Other terms of the forbearance
agreement include certain fees, reporting and consulting requirements. The
Company has taken action to reduce its debt by preparing to sell certain of its
businesses in order to either comply with the requirements of the existing
agreement as amended or to be in an improved financial position to negotiate
further amendments or borrowing alternatives. The Company has made all of its
scheduled interest and principal payments on a timely basis. Various factors,
including changes in business conditions, anticipated proceeds from the sale of
operations and economic conditions in domestic and international markets in
which the Company competes, will impact the restructuring results and may affect
the ability of the Company to restore compliance with the financial ratios
specified in the existing Credit Facility.

      The Company has unused borrowing capacity for both domestic and
international operations of $6.2 million as of March 31, 2001, including letters
of credit of $5.0 million. The Revolver and Term Loan are secured by the
Company's assets. As of March 31, 2001, the Company had total borrowings of
$271.2 million which have a current weighted-average interest rate of 11.5%.

      Borrowings under the Revolver as of March 31, 2001, were $156.3 million.
Interest on the Revolver is tied to the primary bank's prime rate, or at the
Company's option, the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), plus a margin
that varies depending upon the Company's achievement of certain operating
results. As of March 31, 2001, $192.1 million of the Company's outstanding
borrowings utilized LIBOR, of which $165.7 million were payable in U.S. Dollars
and $7.3 million and $19.1 million were payable in Deutsche marks and Pounds
sterling, respectively. The terms of the forbearance agreement provide that the
Company's option to borrow at LIBOR is conditional upon the achievement of the
debt reduction targets of $50 million by June 27, 2001, and the remainder by
September 27, 2001. LIBOR borrowings, expiring prior to these dates, may not be
renewed unless such debt reduction has occurred. Effective June 7, 2001, LIBOR
borrowings consequently were converted to base rate borrowings at prime rate of
7% plus a margin of 2.5% to equal a borrowing rate of 9.5%.

      Borrowings under the Term Loan as of March 31, 2001, were $38.8 million.
As discussed above, the Term Debt, as well as all other debt under the Credit
Facility, has been classified as currently payable to reflect the forbearance
agreement in place.

      The Credit Facility requires the Company to maintain interest rate
protection on a minimum of 50% of its variable rate debt. The Company has,
accordingly, provided sufficiently for this protection by means of interest rate
swap agreements which have fixed the rate of interest on $50.0 million of debt
at a base rate of 5.48% through May 4, 2002, and $75.0 million of debt at a base
rate of 6.58% through March 3, 2003. Under the agreement, the base interest rate
is added to the applicable interest rate margin to determine the total interest
rate in effect. The Credit Facility restricts annual capital expenditures to
$13.0 million in 2002 and $15.0 million thereafter, and contains other customary
financial covenants, including the requirement to maintain certain financial
ratios relating to performance, interest expense and debt levels.

      SENIOR SUBORDINATED NOTES - On August 30, 2000, the Company completed a
private placement of $75 million in senior subordinated notes (the "Notes") and
certain warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock (the
"Warrants") to a group of institutional investors (collectively, the
"Purchasers"). The Company used the proceeds of the private placement to retire,
in full, a $75 million Bridge Loan held by a group of lenders led by Fleet
National Bank. The Notes are due on August 29, 2005 and bear interest at a rate
of 16% per annum, consisting of 13% cash interest on principal, payable
quarterly, and 3% interest on principal, payable quarterly in "payment-in-kind"
promissory notes. Prepayment of the Notes is permitted after August 29, 2001 at
a premium initially of 9% declining to 5%, 3%, and 1% annually, respectively,
thereafter. The Notes contain customary financial covenants and events of
default, including a cross-default provision to the Company's senior credit
facility.

      The Warrants entitle the Purchasers to acquire in the aggregate 427,602
shares, or 6.5%, of the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of
$9.93 a share, which represents the average daily closing price of the Company's
common stock on the New York Stock Exchange for the thirty (30) days preceding
the


                                       34
<PAGE>   36
completion of the private placement, and which may be subject to a price
adjustment on the first anniversary of the issuance of the Warrants. The
Warrants must be exercised by August 29, 2010. These Warrants have been valued
at an appraised amount of $0.2 million and have been recorded in paid in
capital. In connection with the transaction, the Company and certain of its
subsidiaries signed a Consent and Amendment Agreement with the Lenders under the
Company's $250 million Credit Facility existing at that time, in which the
Lenders consented to the private placement and amended certain financial
covenants associated with the Credit Facility.

      OTHER - As of March 31, 2001, the Company had $1.3 million of other
long-term debt consisting of collateralized borrowing arrangements with fixed
interest rates of 3% and 3.75% and loans on life insurance policies owned by the
Company with a fixed interest rate of 5%.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                   Debt maturities
<S>                                                <C>
                     2002                          $  88
                     2003                              91
                     2004                              94
                     2005                              79
                     2006                              45
                     Thereafter                       892
                                                   ------
                   Total                           $1,289
                                                   ------
</TABLE>


NOTE 8      Stockholders' Equity and Employee/Director Stock Options

      The Company maintains the amended and restated 1992 long-term incentive
plan (the "1992 Plan"), the 1998 non-employee directors stock option plan (the
"1998 Plan") and the 1999 long-term incentive plan (the "1999 Plan").

      Under the terms of the 1992 Plan, 800,000 of the Company's common shares
may be granted as stock options or awarded as restricted stock to officers,
directors and certain employees of the Company through September 2002. Under the
terms of the 1999 plan, 300,000 of the Company's common shares may be granted as
stock options or awarded as restricted stock to officers, directors and certain
employees of the Company through July 2009. Under both plans, option exercise
prices equal the fair market value of the common shares at their grant dates.
For grants made prior to May 1999, options expire not later than five years
after the date of the grant. Options granted beginning in May 1999 expire not
later than 10 years after the date of the grant; options granted to officers and
employees, awarded as part of a three-year bonus plan, expire not later than 5
years after the date of the grant. Options granted to directors and to officers
and employees with the annual yearly cash bonus vest ratably over three years
beginning one year after the date of the grant; options granted to officers and
employees awarded as part of a three-year long term bonus plan vest at the end
of the three-year plan period. Restricted stock is payable in equivalent number
of common shares. The shares are distributable in a single installment and, with
respect to officers and employees, restrictions lapse ratably over a three-year
period from the date of the award, and with respect to directors, the
restrictions lapse after one year.

      Under the terms of the 1998 Plan, non-employee directors are entitled to
receive matching options for each share of the Company's common stock which they
hold at the end of a 60-day period following initial election as a director, but
not to exceed 25,000 shares with the strike price of the option being the fair
market value of the shares at their grant dates, and thereafter, for each share
of the Company's common stock that they purchase on the open market, with the
strike price of the option being the purchase price of the share, up to a
maximum of 5,000 options in any twelve month period or 15,000 options over a
three-year period. Options granted under the 1998 Plan vest on the first
anniversary of the grant, provided that, exclusive of the options granted to
match shares held at the end of the 60-day period, the optionee may not acquire
by exercise of the options more than 5,000 shares in any one year. Options
expire not later than five years after the date of the grant.


                                       35
<PAGE>   37
      The Company continues to apply the accounting standards set forth in APB
No. 25. However, disclosures are required of pro forma net income and earnings
per share as if the Company had adopted the accounting provisions of SFAS No.
123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation". Based on Black-Scholes values,
pro forma net income for 2001, 2000 and 1999 would be ($73.3) million, $6.2
million and $13.4 million, respectively; pro forma earnings per common share for
2001, 2000 and 1999 would be ($11.89), $1.00 and $2.11, respectively.

      The following table summarizes stock option activity over the past three
years under the plan:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         WEIGHTED-
                                                                          AVERAGE
                                                            NUMBER       EXERCISE
                                                           OF SHARES        PRICE

<S>                                                        <C>           <C>
Outstanding at March 31, 1998                                373,798       $15.63
  Granted                                                    181,156        26.92
  Exercised                                                 (84,714)        13.03
  Canceled or expired                                       (32,194)        23.81
                                                            --------
Outstanding at March 31, 1999                                438,046        17.66
  Granted                                                    155,715        18.90
  Exercised                                                 (29,200)        14.53
  Canceled or expired                                       (75,521)        15.47
                                                            --------
Outstanding at March 31, 2000                                489,040        19.56
  Granted                                                    151,737         9.74
  Exercised                                                 (15,000)        11.38
  Canceled or expired                                       (83,606)        20.19
                                                            --------
Outstanding at March 31, 2001                                542,171        18.25
                                                            --------

Options exercisable at March 31, 1999                        197,417        14.74
Options exercisable at March 31, 2000                        183,829        19.13
Options exercisable at March 31, 2001                        247,119        20.92
</TABLE>


      In 2001, 2000 and 1999 the Company awarded restricted stock totaling
12,382 shares, 8,177 shares and 5,062 shares, respectively. The weighted-average
fair value of this restricted stock was $9.63, $18.60 and $25.33 in 2001, 2000
and 1999, respectively. The expense recorded in 2001, 2000 and 1999 for
restricted stock was $133,000, $124,000 and $107,000, respectively.

      The weighted-average Black-Scholes value per option granted in 2001, 2000
and 1999 was $3.00, $4.74 and $6.62, respectively. The following
weighted-average assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model
for options granted in 2001, 2000 and 1999:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   2001         2000        1999

<S>                                               <C>          <C>         <C>
Dividend yield                                     0.9%         1.3%        1.4%
Volatility                                        38.4%        25.0%       24.0%
Risk-free interest rate                            6.3%         5.5%        5.5%
Expected term of options (in years)                4.0          4.0         4.0
</TABLE>


                                       36
<PAGE>   38
      For options outstanding and exercisable at March 31, 2001, the exercise
price ranges and average remaining lives were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        OPTIONS OUTSTANDING                  OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
               -------------------------------------    ---------------------------
                 NUMBER        WEIGHTED     WEIGHTED        NUMBER         WEIGHTED
 RANGE OF      OUTSTANDING     AVERAGE       AVERAGE     EXERCISABLE        AVERAGE
 EXERCISE          AT         REMAINING     EXERCISE          AT           EXERCISE
  PRICES      MARCH 31, 2001     LIFE         PRICE     MARCH 31, 2001       PRICE
<S>           <C>             <C>           <C>         <C>                <C>
  $3-10          119,960          4          $ 7.87             --              --
  10-15            9,905          4           11.87             --              --
  15-21          274,015          2           18.57        175,632          $18.47
  21-28          138,291          2           27.07         71,487           26.91
                 -------                     ------        -------          ------
                 542,171          2          $18.25        247,119          $20.92
                 -------                     ------        -------          ------
</TABLE>


      NOTES RECEIVABLE FROM OFFICERS - Notes receivable from officers result
from the exercise of stock options in exchange for notes. The notes are full
recourse promissory notes bearing interest at 5% and are collateralized by the
stock issued upon exercise of the stock options. Principal and interest are due
in May 2002.


NOTE 9      Employee Benefit Plans

      The Company has three defined contribution plans covering substantially
all domestic employees. Contributions are based on certain percentages of an
employee's eligible compensation. Expenses related to these plans were $2.8
million, $3.0 million and $2.5 million in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

      The Company provides postretirement benefits to union employees at two of
the Company's divisions. The Company funds these benefits on a pay-as-you-go
basis.

      In addition, the Company maintains three defined benefit retirement plans
for certain employees. Funding policies are based upon local statutes. Each of
the three defined benefit retirement plans at March 31, 2001, had benefit
obligations in excess of plan assets as shown below. At March 31, 2000, one
defined benefit retirement plan had a benefit obligation of $5.2 million and no
plan assets. The other two defined benefit plans had a combined benefit
obligation of $16.9 million and plan assets of $19.8 million.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 PENSION BENEFITS          POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
                             ---------------------------------------------------------
                               YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,         YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                             ---------------------------------------------------------
                              2001      2000      1999       2001     2000     1999
<S>                         <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>      <C>
COMPONENTS OF NET
  PERIODIC BENEFIT COST:
Service cost                 $ 462     $ 444      $402        $45      $15       $2
Interest cost                1,577     1,211       835        176      119       69
Expected return on
  plan assets                (108)    (1,611)    (573)         --       --       --
Amortization of
  net (gain) loss           (1,359)      505        43         19       28       --
Amortization of prior
  service cost                  38        --        --         --       --       --
                             -----     -----      ----       ----     ----      ---
Net periodic
  benefit cost               $ 610     $ 549      $707       $240     $162      $71
                             -----     -----      ----       ----     ----      ---
</TABLE>


                                       37
<PAGE>   39
<TABLE>
<S>                          <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>      <C>      <C>
WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
  ASSUMPTIONS AS OF
  MARCH 31:
Discount rate                6.58%     6.67%     6.00%      7.13%    7.88%    7.00%
Expected return on
  plan assets                7.87%     7.59%     7.00%         --       --       --
Rate of compensation
  increase                   2.68%     3.13%     3.25%         --       --       --
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           POSTRETIREMENT
                              PENSION BENEFITS                BENEFITS
                             -------------------         --------------------
                             YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,        YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                             -------------------         --------------------
                             2001          2000          2001          2000
<S>                        <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
CHANGE IN BENEFIT
  OBLIGATION:
Benefit obligation at
  beginning of year        $ 22,098      $ 13,702      $  2,365      $  1,024
Service cost                    462           444            45            15
Interest cost                 1,577         1,211           175           119
Plan participants'
  contributions                 114           131            --            --
Effect of acquisitions           --         9,108            --         1,122
Amendments                      825            --            --            --
Actuarial gain (loss)         1,271          (341)           88           223
Benefits paid                (2,082)       (1,402)         (152)         (138)
Effect of foreign
  exchange                   (1,284)         (755)           --            --
                           --------      --------      --------      --------
Benefit obligation at
  end of year              $ 22,981      $ 22,098      $  2,521      $  2,365
                           ========      ========      ========      ========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            POSTRETIREMENT
                               PENSION BENEFITS                 BENEFITS
                              -------------------         --------------------
                              YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,        YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                              -------------------         --------------------
                               2001          2000          2001          2000
<S>                          <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
CHANGE IN PLAN ASSETS:
Fair value of plan
  assets at beginning of
  year                       $ 19,752      $  7,565      $     --      $     --
Effect of acquisitions             --        11,725            --            --
Actual return on
  plan assets                  (1,298)        1,069            --            --
Employer contribution             275           352           152           138
Plan participants'
  contributions                   114           131            --            --
Benefits paid                  (1,705)         (978)         (152)         (138)
Effect of foreign
  exchange                       (915)         (112)           --            --
                             --------      --------      --------      --------
Fair value of plan
  assets at end of year      $ 16,223      $ 19,752      $     --      $     --
                             ========      ========      ========      ========
</TABLE>


                                       38
<PAGE>   40
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             PENSION BENEFITS       POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
                            --------------------    -----------------------
                            YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,      YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                            --------------------    -----------------------
                             2001         2000         2001         2000
<S>                        <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
RECONCILIATION OF
  FUNDED STATUS:
Funded status              $(6,758)     $(2,346)     $(2,521)     $(2,365)
Unrecognized actuarial
  loss (gain)                1,868       (2,440)         326          258
Unrecognized prior
  service cost               1,037          516           --           --
                           -------      -------      -------      -------
Accrued liability          $(3,853)     $(4,270)     $(2,195)     $(2,107)
                           =======      =======      =======      =======
</TABLE>

      For measurement purposes, a 7.53% and 9.57% annual rate of increase in the
per capita cost of covered health care benefits was assumed for 2001 and 2000,
respectively. The rate was assumed to decrease gradually to 4.61% by 2009 and
remain at that level thereafter. Under the Plan, the actuarially determined
effect of a one-percentage point change in the assumed health case cost trend
would have the following effects.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           ONE             ONE
                                                        PERCENTAGE      PERCENTAGE
                                                           POINT           POINT
                                                         INCREASE        DECREASE
<S>                                                     <C>             <C>
Effect on total of service and interest cost
components                                                 $ 31           $ (25)

Effect on accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation                                                  241             (252)
</TABLE>


NOTE 10     Financial Instruments

      INTEREST RATE SWAP AGREEMENTS - The Company periodically enters into
interest rate swap agreements to effectively convert all or a portion of its
floating-rate debt to fixed-rate debt in order to reduce the Company's risk to
movements in interest rates. Such agreements involve the exchange of fixed and
floating interest rate payments over the life of the agreement without the
exchange of the underlying principal amounts. Accordingly, the impact of
fluctuations in interest rates on these interest rate swap agreements is fully
offset by the opposite impact on the related debt. Swap agreements are only
entered into with strong creditworthy counterparties. The swap agreements in
effect were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              NOTIONAL
                               AMOUNT                         RECEIVE       PAY
                           (IN THOUSANDS)     MATURITIES      RATE(1)       RATE

<S>                        <C>                <C>             <C>           <C>
March 31, 2001                 $25,000           5/02           4.88%       5.48%
                                25,000           5/02           4.88        5.48
                                37,500           3/03           4.88        6.58
                                37,500           3/03           4.88        6.58
</TABLE>

(1)  Based on three-month LIBOR


                                       39
<PAGE>   41
      FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE AGREEMENTS - The Company enters into forward
foreign currency agreements to hedge foreign currency financing transactions.
Realized and unrealized gains and losses arising from forward currency contracts
are recognized as adjustments to the gains and losses resulting from the
underlying hedged transactions.

      The Company enters into off-balance-sheet forward foreign exchange
instruments in order to hedge certain intercompany financing denominated in
foreign currencies, accounts receivable denominated in foreign currencies, a
percentage of projected sales denominated in foreign currencies, and projected
foreign currency intercompany purchases. The Company only hedges projected
transactions that are expected to materialize within 12 months. Gains and losses
on forward foreign exchange instruments that hedge specific identifiable third
party transactions are deferred and ultimately included in the cost of the
underlying transaction. Gains and losses on instruments that are hedges of
projected third party transactions are not deferred and are included in current
period income as "other income-net". The Company recognized $0.5 million of
unrealized losses on forward exchange contracts in 2001 related to hedges of
projected third party transactions. Deferred hedge gains or losses at March 31,
2001 were negligible.

      The table below summarizes, by currency, the contractual amounts of the
Company's foreign exchange contracts at March 31, 2001 and 2000. The "Buy"
amounts represent the U.S. dollar equivalent of commitments to purchase foreign
currencies, and the "Sell" amounts represent the U.S. dollar equivalent to sell
foreign currencies (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        2001                        2000
                                  ------------------------------------------------
                                   BUY           SELL        BUY            SELL
Currency
<S>                               <C>          <C>         <C>             <C>
  Deutsche mark                     --         $9,977           --         $10,589
  Pound sterling                  $779             --      $17,501           1,667
                                  ------------------------------------------------
                                  $779         $9,977      $17,501         $12,256
                                  ------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


      FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - SFAS No. 107, "Disclosure about Fair
Value of Financial Instruments" and No. 119, "Disclosure about Derivative
Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial Instruments," are part of a
continuing process by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to improve
information regarding financial instruments. The following methods and
assumptions were used by the Company in estimating the fair value of each class
of financial instruments:

      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - The carrying amount reported in the balance
sheet for cash and cash equivalents approximates its fair value.

      DEBT - The carrying amounts of the Company's debt approximates its fair
value.

      CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK - The Company is subject to a concentration
of credit risk primarily with its trade and notes receivable. The Company grants
credit to certain customers who meet pre-established credit requirements, and
generally requires no collateral from its customers. Estimates of potential
credit losses are provided for in the Company's consolidated financial
statements and are within management's expectations and industry averages. As of
March 31, 2001, the Company had no other significant concentrations of credit
risk.


                                       40
<PAGE>   42
      INTEREST RATE SWAPS AND FORWARD FOREIGN EXCHANGE AGREEMENTS - The fair
values of the Company's interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange
agreements are the estimated amounts the Company would pay or receive to
terminate the agreements at March 31, 2001 and 2000 based upon quoted market
prices as provided by financial institutions which are counterparties to the
agreements and were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2001            2000
                                                           (PAY)           RECEIVE
<S>                                                       <C>              <C>
Interest rate swap agreements                             $(3,207)         $2,405

Forward foreign exchange agreements                            (9)          1,537
</TABLE>


NOTE 11     Extraordinary Item

      In 2000, the Company refinanced its credit facilities. Due to the
termination of the prior credit agreement, the Company recognized an
extraordinary charge of $0.5 million, net of tax, to write-off the unamortized
portion of loan origination fees associated with the prior agreement.

      In fiscal 1999, the Company recognized an extraordinary charge of $0.8
million, net of tax, to write-off the remaining deferred loan fees associated
with the early extinguishment of the Company's indebtedness pursuant to its
revised and amended revolving credit facility.


NOTE 12     Commitments

      Rent expense under operating leases for the years ended March 31, 2001,
2000, and 1999 was $3.0 million, $2.7 million and $3.2 million, respectively.

      The Company and its subsidiaries have minimum rental commitments under
noncancelable operating leases, primarily leased buildings, as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                   <C>
       2002                                                           $3,041
       2003                                                            2,184
       2004                                                            1,002
       2005                                                              593
       2006                                                              496
       Beyond 2006                                                     1,876
                                                                       -----
       Total                                                           9,192
                                                                       =====
</TABLE>


                                       41
<PAGE>   43
NOTE 13     Contingencies

      ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000, the
Company presented an environmental cleanup plan for a portion of a site in
Pennsylvania which continues to be owned although the related business has been
sold. This plan was submitted pursuant to the Consent Order and Agreement with
the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection ("PaDEP") concluded in
fiscal 1999. Pursuant to the Consent Order, upon its execution the Company paid
$0.2 million for past costs, future oversight expenses and in full settlement of
claims made by PaDEP related to the environmental remediation of the site with
an additional $0.2 million paid in fiscal 2001. A second Consent Order was
concluded with PaDEP in the third quarter of fiscal 2001 for another portion of
the site, and a third Consent Order for the remainder of the site is
contemplated by October 1, 2002. The Company is also administering an agreed
settlement with the Federal government under which the government pays 50% of
the environmental response costs associated with a portion of the site. The
Company is also in the process of finalizing the documentation of an agreed
settlement under which the Federal government will pay 45% of the environmental
response costs associated with another portion of the site. At March 31, 2000,
the Company's cleanup reserve was $1.7 million based on the net present value of
future expected cleanup costs. In fiscal 1999, the Company settled for a
recovery of a portion of cleanup costs with its insurance carriers for
approximately $5.1 million (net) which is included in Other income-net. The
Company expects that remediation at the Pennsylvania site will not be completed
for several years.

The Company also continues to participate in environmental assessments and
remediation work at ten other locations, which include operating facilities,
facilities for sale, and previously owned facilities. The Company estimates that
its potential cost for implementing corrective action at these sites will not
exceed $0.2 million payable over the next several years, and has provided for
the estimated costs in its accrual for environmental liabilities.

In addition, the Company has been named as a potentially responsible party in
seven environmental proceedings pending in several other states in which it is
alleged that the Company was a generator of waste that was sent to landfills and
other treatment facilities and, as to several sites, it is alleged that the
Company was an owner or operator. Such properties generally relate to businesses
which have been sold or discontinued. The Company estimates that its expected
future costs, and its estimated proportional share of remedial work to be
performed, associated with these proceedings will not exceed $0.1 million and
has provided for these estimated costs in its accrual for environmental
liabilities.

      LITIGATION. The Company is also engaged in various other legal proceedings
incidental to its business. It is the opinion of management that, after taking
into consideration information furnished by its counsel, the above matters will
have no material effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or the
results of the Company's operations in future periods.


NOTE 14     Segment and Geographic Information

      The Company has two business segments. Each segment has separate
management teams that report operating results regularly which are reviewed by
the chief executive officer of the Company. Certain businesses have been
aggregated into the same reportable segment because they have similar products
and services, production processes, types of customers and distribution methods
and their long-term financial performance is affected by similar economic
conditions.


                                       42
<PAGE>   44
      The Company develops, manufactures and sells a wide range of products in
two industry segments, Specialty Fastener Products and Aerospace Products. The
Company has manufacturing facilities located in the United States, Canada,
Germany, the United Kingdom and Brazil. The Specialty Fastener Products Segment
produces highly engineered precision metal retaining rings, gear driven band
fasteners, circlips, custom cold-formed parts, head light adjusters, rivets and
other threaded and non-threaded assembly fasteners primarily for the automotive,
heavy truck, industrial, aerospace and consumer/durables markets and accounted
for approximately 79% of the Company's consolidated 2001 net sales. Through its
Aerospace Products Segment, the Company develops, manufactures, sells and
services a complete line of sophisticated lifting and restraining products,
principally performance critical helicopter rescue hoist and cargo hook systems,
winches and hoists for aircraft and weapons systems and aircraft engine
compartment hold open rods, actuators and other motion control devices. This
segment accounted for approximately 21% of the Company's consolidated 2001 net
sales.

      The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in
the summary of significant accounting policies. The Company evaluates
performance based on operating profit of the respective segments. Operating
profit is net sales less operating expenses. General corporate expenses,
interest and income taxes have not been deducted in determining operating
profit. Assets, depreciation and amortization and capital expenditures are those
identifiable to a particular segment by their use. Approximately 9%, 8% and 10%
of sales from continuing operations in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively, were
derived from sales to the United States Government and its prime contractors
which are attributable primarily to Aerospace Products. No single customer
accounted for 10% or more of the Company's net sales in 2001 or 2000.

      Long-lived assets, other than goodwill, trademarks, patents and
deferred taxes in the U.S. and foreign countries, are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           March 31, 2001          March 31, 2000
                           --------------          --------------

<S>                        <C>                     <C>
United States                 $ 69,586                $ 81,649

Outside the United States       24,766                  43,468
                              --------                --------

                              $ 94,352                $125,117
                              ========                ========
</TABLE>


                                       43
<PAGE>   45
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          OPERATING                        DEPRECIATION/
                              FISCAL         NET          PROFIT(1)          CAPITAL       AMORTIZATION    IDENTIFIABLE
(IN THOUSANDS)                 YEAR         SALES           (LOSS)         EXPENDITURES       EXPENSE         ASSETS
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>           <C>          <C>               <C>             <C>             <C>
Specialty Fastener               2001       $257,589     $(45,444)(2)       $  5,373          $15,004        $298,427
  Products                       2000        238,416       24,615(3)           9,589           14,310         406,476
                                 1999        177,837       26,284             13,652            8,812         205,206
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Aerospace Products               2001         70,482       18,211                227            1,156          51,523
                                 2000         60,836       15,377                435            1,062          49,163
                                 1999         50,169       12,080                728              991          51,883
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total segments                   2001        328,071      (27,233)             5,600           16,160         349,950
                                 2000        299,252       39,992             10,024           15,372         455,639
                                 1999        228,006       38,364             14,380            9,803         257,089
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Corporate                        2001             --      (22,479)                71            3,472          43,299
                                 2000             --       (9,131)                13            2,245          27,116
                                 1999             --      (13,243)(4)            379              999          22,631
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Corporate interest               2001             --          310                 --               --              --
  and other income-net           2000             --          592                 --               --              --
                                 1999             --        6,111(5)              --               --              --
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interest expense                 2001             --      (34,420)                --               --              --
                                 2000             --      (19,945)                --               --              --
                                 1999             --       (6,938)                --               --              --
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated                     2001        328,071      (83,822)             5,671           19,632         393,249
                                 2000        299,252       11,508             10,037           17,617         482,755
                                 1999        228,006       24,294             14,759           10,802         279,720
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Operating profit represents net sales less operating expenses which include
     all costs and expenses related to the Company's operations in each segment.
     General corporate expenses and other income earned at the corporate level
     are included in the corporate section. Interest expense is separately
     reported. The amount of the "Consolidated" line represents "Income from
     continuing operations before income taxes."

(2)  Specialty fastener operating loss for 2001 includes an impairment charge or
     $67.9 million related to the expected sale of Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers
     Corp., TCR and the rings businesses.

(3)  Specialty fastener operating income for 2000 includes charges of $5.5
     million relating to the consolidation of two manufacturing facilities in
     England.

(4)  Corporate expense for 1999 includes a $0.9 million pretax charge to the
     allowance for notes receivable, and a $1.5 million pretax incentive
     compensation award.

(5)  Corporate interest and other income for 1999 includes a pretax net gain of
     $5.1 million for settlement of litigation claims against its insurance
     carriers for environmental matters and a $1.1 million gain on sale of
     marketable securities.


                                       44

<PAGE>   46
      Export sales are defined as sales to customers in foreign countries by
the Company's U.S. based operations.  Export sales amounted to the following:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
LOCATION                                2001        2000        1999
<S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>
Europe                                $23,097     $18,144     $15,680
Canada                                  8,377      10,788       9,170
Pacific and Far East                    5,573       7,083       3,344
Mexico, Central and South America       3,559       4,348       2,267
Middle East                               287       1,336         415
Other                                     304       1,627         275
                                      -------     -------     -------
Total                                 $41,197     $43,326     $31,151
                                      =======     =======     =======
</TABLE>

      Net sales below show the geographic location of customers:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
LOCATION             2001         2000         1999
<S>                <C>          <C>          <C>
United States      $214,259     $191,206     $137,836
Germany              38,804       34,957       28,032
Other non-U.S        75,008       73,089       62,138
                   --------     --------     --------
Total              $328,071     $299,252     $228,006
                   ========     ========     ========
</TABLE>

      Results set forth below for international operations represent sales and
operating income of domestic and foreign based subsidiaries based on the
location the product was shipped from:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             2001           2000           1999

Net sales:

<S>                                       <C>            <C>            <C>
  Domestic operations                     $ 228,689      $ 233,038      $ 171,302
  International operations (1)               99,382         66,214         56,704
                                          ---------      ---------      ---------
              Net sales                   $ 328,071      $ 299,252      $ 228,006
                                          =========      =========      =========
Operating (loss) income:
  Domestic operations                       (10,886)     $  42,711      $  34,621
  International operations (1)              (16,347)        (2,719)         3,743
                                          ---------      ---------      ---------
              Operating (loss) income       (27,233)        39,992         38,364
Interest expense                            (34,420)       (19,945)        (6,938)
Corporate expense and other                 (22,169)        (8,539)        (7,132)
                                          ---------      ---------      ---------
(Loss) income before taxes                $ (83,822)     $  11,508      $  24,294
                                          ---------      ---------      ---------
Identifiable assets:
  Domestic operations                     $ 288,009      $ 358,218      $ 193,690
  International operations (1)               60,635         97,421         63,399
  Corporate                                  44,605         27,116         22,631
                                          ---------      ---------      ---------
Total assets                              $ 393,249      $ 482,755      $ 279,720
                                          =========      =========      =========
</TABLE>

(1)  International operations are primarily in Germany, Great Britain, Canada
     and Brazil.


                                       45

<PAGE>   47
NOTE 15     Subsequent Event

On July 10, the Company completed the sale of its Breeze Industrial Products and
Pebra hose clamp businesses in the U.S. and Germany, respectively, to Industrial
Growth Partners and the current management team of Breeze/Pebra for $46.2
million. The proceeds of the sale were used to retire debt.


NOTE 16     Unaudited Quarterly Financial Data

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     FIRST         SECOND            THIRD         FOURTH
                                                    QUARTER        QUARTER          QUARTER        QUARTER            TOTAL
2001
<S>                                                <C>           <C>                <C>           <C>              <C>
Net sales                                          $ 84,365      $    79,136        $ 78,297      $ 86,273         $   328,071
Gross profit                                         21,849           19,440          19,132        26,020              86,441
Net loss                                               (752)          (1,755)         (1,250)      (69,213)(1)         (72,970)
                                                   ========      ===========        ========      ========         ===========
Basic loss per share:
  Net loss                                         $  (0.12)     $     (0.28)       $  (0.20)     $ (11.21)        $    (11.83)
                                                   ========      ===========        ========      ========         ===========
Diluted loss per share:
  Net loss                                         $  (0.12)     $     (0.28)       $  (0.20)     $ (11.21)        $    (11.83)
                                                   ========      ===========        ========      ========         ===========

2000
Net sales                                          $ 55,368      $    62,903        $ 85,872      $ 95,109         $   299,252
Gross profit                                         16,117           18,863          25,626        27,706              88,312
Income (loss) before extraordinary charge             2,158             (330)(2)       2,865         2,442(2)            7,135
Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt             --             (541)             --            --                (541)
Net income (loss)                                  $  2,158      $      (871)       $  2,865      $  2,442         $     6,594
                                                   ========      ===========        ========      ========         ===========
Basic earnings (loss) per share:
  Income (loss) before extraordinary charge        $   0.35      $     (0.05)       $   0.47      $   0.40         $      1.16
  Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt           --            (0.09)             --            --               (0.09)
                                                   --------      -----------        --------      --------         -----------
Net income (loss)                                  $   0.35      $     (0.14)       $   0.47      $   0.40         $      1.07
                                                   ========      ===========        ========      ========         ===========
Diluted earnings (loss) per share:
  Income (loss) before extraordinary charge        $   0.35      $     (0.05)       $   0.47      $   0.40         $      1.16
  Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt           --            (0.09)             --            --               (0.09)
                                                   --------      -----------        --------      --------         -----------
Net income (loss)                                  $   0.35      $     (0.14)       $   0.47      $   0.40         $      1.07
                                                   ========      ===========        ========      ========         ===========
</TABLE>

(1)      Includes an impairment charge of $67.9 million related to a write-down
         of net carrying values of ARM, TCR and the rings businesses that are to
         be sold. It also includes a provision for impairment of corporate
         assets in the amount of $10.2 million for the write-off of a note
         receivable and equity ownership in an investee and write-down of
         certain assets expected to be liquidated.

(2)      The second and fourth quarters of 2000 include charges of $4.5 million
         and $1.1 million, respectively, relating to the consolidation of two
         manufacturing facilities in England.


                                       46

<PAGE>   48
ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

      None.

                                    PART III


ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

      The information required by this item is contained in the Registrant's
Proxy Statement for the 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated
herein by reference.


ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

      The information required by this item is contained in the Registrant's
Proxy Statement for the 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated
herein by reference.


ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

      The information required by this item is contained in the Registrant's
Proxy Statement for the 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated
herein by reference.

      For purposes of the calculation of the aggregate market value of voting
stock held by non-affiliates, the Company has assumed that the shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by Dr. Arch C. Scurlock are not held by an affiliate of
the Company.


ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

      The information required by this item is contained in the Registrant's
Proxy Statement for the 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated
herein by reference.


                                       47
<PAGE>   49
                                     PART IV


ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K


(a)  Financial Statements, Schedules and Exhibits:

      1.    Financial Statements:

            Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2001 and 2000

            Statements of Consolidated Operations for the years ended March 31,
            2001, 2000 and 1999

            Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows for the years ended March 31,
            2001, 2000 and 1999

            Statements of Consolidated Stockholders' Equity for the years ended
            March 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

            Independent Auditors' Report

      2.    Financial Statement Schedules

            Schedule II - Consolidated Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the
            years ended March 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

      3.    Exhibits:

            The exhibits listed on the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed
            as part of this report.


(b)  Reports on Form 8-K:

            No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the three-month period
            ended March 31, 2001.


                                       48
<PAGE>   50
                                   SIGNATURES


      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


Date:  July 13, 2001

                                          TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION




                                          By:  /s/ Michael J. Berthelot
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Michael J. Berthelot,
                                               Chairman of the Board, President
                                               and Chief Executive Officer


                                       49
<PAGE>   51
                  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   Signature                                   Title                                               Date

<S>                                         <C>                                                  <C>
/s/Michael J. Berthelot                     Chairman of the Board, President                     July 13, 2001
- --------------------------                  and Chief Executive Officer
MICHAEL J. BERTHELOT                        (Principal Executive Officer)



/s/Joseph F. Spanier                         Vice President, Chief Financial Officer             July 13, 2001
- --------------------------                    and Treasurer
JOSEPH F. SPANIER                            (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)



/s/Daniel Abramowitz                        Director                                             July 13, 2001
- --------------------------
DANIEL ABRAMOWITZ


/s/Gideon Argov                             Director                                             July 13, 2001
- --------------------------
GIDEON ARGOV


/s/Walter Belleville                        Director                                             July 13, 2001
- --------------------------
WALTER BELLEVILLE


/s/Thomas V. Chema                          Director                                             July 13, 2001
- --------------------------
THOMAS V. CHEMA


/s/John H. Dalton                           Director                                             July 13, 2001
- --------------------------
JOHN H. DALTON


/s/Michel Glouchevitch                      Director                                             July 13, 2001
- --------------------------
MICHEL GLOUCHEVITCH


/s/James A. Lawrence                        Director                                             July 13, 2001
- --------------------------
JAMES A. LAWRENCE


/s/William J. Recker                        Director                                             July 13, 2001
- --------------------------
WILLIAM J. RECKER
</TABLE>


                                       50
<PAGE>   52
                           TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

                                   SCHEDULE II

                 CONSOLIDATED VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                  FOR YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001, 2000 AND 1999
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                         BALANCE AT        CHARGED TO       CHARGED TO                        BALANCE
                         BEGINNING OF      COSTS AND        OTHER                             AT END
DESCRIPTION              PERIOD            EXPENSES         ACCOUNTS        DEDUCTIONS        OF PERIOD
- -----------              ------------      ----------       ----------      ----------        ---------
<S>                      <C>               <C>              <C>             <C>               <C>
2001

Allowances for
doubtful accounts
and sales returns           $1,129          $1,165          $       --          $  765          $1,529

Inventory reserves          $5,781          $2,065          $       --          $2,082          $5,764

Environmental
reserves                    $1,914          $1,158          $       --          $  632          $2,440

Allowance for tax
loss valuation              $   --          $9,646          $       --          $   --          $9,646

2000

Allowances for
doubtful accounts
and sales returns           $  240          $  778           $ 488 (A)          $  377          $1,129

Inventory reserves          $4,715          $3,305          $      466          $2,705          $5,781

Environmental
reserves                    $2,140          $  201          $       --          $  427          $1,914

Allowance for tax
loss valuation              $   --          $   --          $       --          $   --          $   --

1999

Allowances for
doubtful accounts
and sales returns           $  556          $  230            $ 40 (B)          $  586          $  240

Inventory reserves          $6,382          $1,432          $       --          $3,099          $4,715

Environmental
reserves                    $3,141          $  479          $       --          $1,480          $2,140

Allowance for tax
loss valuation              $   --          $   --          $       --          $   --          $   --
</TABLE>

(A)  Amount represents balance acquired from Tinnerman and Ellison acquisitions.

(B)  Amount represents balances acquired from ARM and Norco, Inc. acquisitions.


                                       51
<PAGE>   53
                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS



<TABLE>
<S>         <C>
3.1         Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. (1)

3.2         Bylaws of the Company Amended and Restated as of June 4, 2001.

10.1        1996 - 1998 Incentive Compensation Plan of the Company. (10)

10.2        Amended and Restated 1992 Long Term Incentive Plan of the Company.
            (2)

10.3        Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement. (2)

10.4        Form of Director Stock Option Agreement. (3)

10.5        Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement used under the Company's
            Amended and Restated 1992 Long Term Incentive Plan. (4)

10.6        Indemnification Agreement dated February 11, 1987 between the
            Company and each of its officers and directors. (5)

10.7        Executive Life Insurance Plan. (6)

10.8        Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 1995 and
            amended and restated as of July 24, 1998 between the Company and
            BankBoston, N.A. (13)

10.9        Amendment Agreement No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Credit
            Agreement dated as of August 21, 1998 between the Company and
            BankBoston, N.A. (13)

10.10       Amendment Agreement No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Credit
            Agreement dated as of November 27, 1998 between the Company and
            BankBoston, N.A. (13)

10.11       Amendment Agreement No. 3 to the Amended and Restated Credit
            Agreement dated as of December 23, 1998 between the Company and
            BankBoston, N.A. (13)

10.14       Form of Executive Severance Agreement with Officers of the Company.
            (10)

10.15       Form of Executive Severance Agreement with Subsidiary Presidents.
            (10)

10.16       Form of Executive Severance Agreement with Division Presidents. (10)

10.17       Form of Executive Severance Agreement with Overseas Subsidiary
            Managing Directors. (10)

10.18       Form of First Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
            Officers of the Company. (11)

10.19       Form of First Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
            Subsidiary Presidents. (11)

10.20       Form of First Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
            Division Presidents. (11)

10.21       Form of First Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
            Overseas Subsidiary Managing Directors. (11)

10.22       Form of Second Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
            Officers of the Company.

10.23       Form of Second Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
            Subsidiary Presidents.

10.24       Form of Second Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
            Division Presidents.

10.25       Form of Second Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
            Overseas Subsidiary Managing Directors.
</TABLE>


                                       52
<PAGE>   54
<TABLE>
<S>         <C>
10.26       Consulting Agreement with John Dalton. (13)

10.27       1999-2001 Incentive Compensation Plan of the Company. (13)

10.28       1998 Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan of the Company. (12)

10.29       Form of Stock Option Agreement used under the Company's 1998
            Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan. (13)

10.30       1999 Long Term Incentive Plan of the Company. (13)

10.31       Form of Stock Option Agreement used under the Company's 1999 Long
            Term Incentive Plan. (15)

10.32       Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement used under the Company's
            1999 Long Term Incentive Plan. (15)

10.33       Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 30,
            1995, amended and restated as of July 24, 1998 and further amended
            and restated as of as of August 31, 1999 among TransTechnology
            Corporation, TransTechnology Seeger-Orbis GmbH, TransTechnology (GB)
            Limited, The Lenders referred to therein, BankBoston, N.A., acting
            through its London Branch, as Sterling Fronting Bank, BHF-Bank
            Aktiengesellschaft, as DM Fronting Bank, ABN AMRO Bank, N.V., as
            Syndication Agent, The First National Bank of Chicago, as
            Documentation Agent and BankBoston, N.A. as Administrative Agent and
            Issuing Bank. (14)

10.34       Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of August 29, 2000 by and
            among TransTechnology Corporation; J.H. Whitney Mezzanine Fund,
            L.P.; Albion Alliance Mezzanine Fund I, L.P.; Albion Alliance
            Mezzanine Fund II, L.P.; the Equitable Life Assurance Society of the
            United States; Fleet Corporate Finance, Inc.; and Citizens Capital,
            Inc. (16)

10.35(i)    Warrant dated as of August 29, 2000 issued by TransTechnology
            Corporation to J.H. Whitney Mezzanine Fund, L.P. for 171,041 shares
            of TransTechnology common stock. (16)

10.35(ii)   Schedule of other substantially similar warrants issued by
            TransTechnology Corporation to other Purchasers under the Securities
            Purchase Agreement. (16)

10.36       Registration Rights Agreement dated as of August 29, 2000 by and
            among TransTechnology Corporation and the Purchasers referred to
            therein. (16)

10.37       Subordinated Indebtedness Intercreditor Agreement dated as of August
            29, 2000 among TransTechnology Corporation, the Existing Guarantors
            named therein, and the Purchasers referred to therein. (16)

10.38       Consent and Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated as of August 21, 2000 to
            that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as
            June 30, 1995, and amended and restated as of July 24, 1998, and as
            further amended and restated as of August 31, 1999, by and among
            TransTechnology Corporation, TransTechnology Seeger-Orbis GmbH and
            TransTechnology (GB) Limited; Fleet National Bank and other Lenders
            referred to within; Fleet National Bank, acting through its London
            Branch as Sterling Fronting Bank; BHF-BANK Aktiengesellschaft, as DM
            Fronting Bank; ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as Syndication Agent; Bank One,
            NA (formerly known as the First National Bank of Chicago), as
            Documentation Agent and Fleet National Bank as Issuing Bank and
            Administrative Agent. (16)

10.39       Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement dated as of August 29,
            2000 among Fleet National Bank, as administrative agent for the
            Lenders as defined therein, TransTechnology Corporation, and the
            Purchasers referred to therein. (16)

10.40       Indemnification Agreement dated January 13, 2000 between the Company
            and each of its officers and directors. (15)
</TABLE>


                                       53
<PAGE>   55
<TABLE>
<S>         <C>
10.41       Amendment Agreement No. 2 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit
            Agreement dated as of December 29, 2000 between the Company and
            Fleet National Bank and the other Lenders referred to therein. (17)

10.42       Amendment Agreement No. 3 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit
            Agreement dated as of January 31, 2001 between the Company and Fleet
            National Bank and the other Lenders referred to therein. (17)

10.43       Forbearance and Waiver Agreement dated as of March 29, 2001 between
            the Company, Fleet National Bank and the other Lenders referred to
            therein.

10.44       Consent and Amendment to Forbearance Agreement of Fleet National
            Bank and the other Lenders referred to therein dated June 25, 2001.

21          List of Subsidiaries of the Company.
</TABLE>

- ---------------------


(1)  Incorporated by reference from the Company's Form 8-A Registration
     Statement No. 2-85599 dated February 9, 1987.

(2)  Incorporated by reference from the Company's Registration Statement on Form
     S-8 No. 333-45059 dated January 28, 1998.

(3)  Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1995.

(4)  Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1994.

(5)  Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1987.

(6)  Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1989.

(7)  Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 8-K filed on
     July 14, 1995.

(8)  Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1996.

(9)  Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 8-K filed on
     April 29, 1997.

(10) Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1997.

(11) Incorporated by reference from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
     for the Quarter ended December 27, 1998.

(12) Incorporated by reference from the Company's Registration Statement on Form
     S-8 No. 333-70877 dated January 20, 1999.

(13) Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1999.

(14) Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 8-K filed on
     November 12, 1999.


                                       54
<PAGE>   56
(15) Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2000.

(16) Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 8-K filed on
     September 14, 2000.

(17) Incorporated by reference from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
     for the Quarter ended December 31, 2000.


                                       55


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>y50911ex3-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                     EXHIBIT 3.2


                                     BYLAWS

                                       OF

                           TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
                            (A Delaware Corporation)

                                    ARTICLE I
                                     Offices

        Section 1.01. REGISTERED OFFICE. The registered office of
TransTechnology Corporation (the "Corporation") in the State of Delaware shall
be at Corporation Trust Center, 100 West Tenth Street, in the City of
Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, and the name of the
registered agent at that address shall be The Corporation Trust Company.

        Section 1.02. PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICE. Effective as of May 10, 1996
the principal executive address of the corporation shall be located at 150 Allen
Road, Liberty Corner, New Jersey 07938. The Board of Directors of the
Corporation (the "Board") may change the location of said principal executive
office.

        Section 1.03. OTHER OFFICES. The Corporation may also have an office or
offices at such other place or places, either within or without the State of
Delaware, as the Board may from time to time determine or as the business of the
Corporation may require.

                                   ARTICLE II
                            Meetings of Stockholders

        Section 2.01. ANNUAL MEETINGS. The annual meeting of stockholders of the
Corporation shall be held on such date and at such time as the Board shall
determine. At each annual meeting of stockholders, directors shall be elected in
accordance with the provisions of Section 3.03 and any other proper business may
be transacted.

        Section 2.02. SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of stockholders for any
purpose may be called at any time by a majority of the Board, the Chairman of
the Board, the President or the Secretary. Special meetings may not be called by
any other person. Each special meeting shall be held at such date and time as is
requested by the person or persons calling the meeting, within the limits fixed
by law.

        Section 2.03. PLACE OF MEETINGS. Each annual or special meeting of
stockholders shall be held at such location as may be determined by the Board
or, if no such determination is made, at such place as may be determined by the
Chairman of the Board. If no location is so determined, any annual or special
meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation.


        Section 2.04. NOTICE OF MEETINGS. Except as otherwise required by law,
notice of each meeting of the stockholders, whether annual or special, shall be
given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of
the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting by
delivering a typewritten or printed notice thereof to him personally, or by
depositing such notice in the United States mail, in a postage prepaid envelope,
directed to him at his post-office address furnished by him to the Secretary for
such purpose or, if he shall not have furnished to the Secretary his address for
such purpose, then at his post-office address last known to the Secretary, or by
transmitting a notice thereof to him at such address by telegraph, cable or
wireless.
<PAGE>   2
        Except as otherwise expressly required by law, the notice shall state
the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting,
shall also state the purpose for which the meeting is called. Notice of any
meeting of stockholders shall not be required to be given to any stockholder to
whom notice may be omitted pursuant to applicable Delaware law or who shall have
waived such notice and such notice shall be deemed waived by any stockholder who
shall attend such meeting in person or by proxy, except a stockholder who shall
attend such meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of
the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not
lawfully called or convened. Except as otherwise expressly required by law,
notice of any adjourned meeting of the stockholders need not be given if the
time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is
taken.

        Section 2.05. CONDUCT OF MEETINGS. All annual and special meetings of
stockholders shall be conducted in accordance with such rules and procedures as
the Board may determine subject to the requirements of applicable law and, as to
matters not governed by such rules and procedures, as the chairman of such
meeting shall determine. The chairman of any annual or special meeting of
stockholders shall be the Chairman of the Board if he is willing, and if not,
then the President. The Secretary, or in the absence of the Secretary, a person
designated by the Chairman of the Board or President, as the case may be, shall
act as secretary of the meeting.

        Section 2.06. QUORUM. At any meeting of stockholders, the presence, in
person or by proxy, of the holders of record of a majority of shares then issued
and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting shall constitute a quorum
for the transaction of business; provided, however, that this Section 2.06 shall
not affect any different requirement which may exist under statute, pursuant to
the rights of any authorized class or series of stock, or under the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Corporation (the "Certificate") for the vote necessary
for the adoption of any measure governed thereby. In the absence of a quorum,
the stockholders present in person or by proxy, by majority vote and without
further notice, may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum is
attained. At any reconvened meeting following such an adjournment at which a
quorum shall be present, any business may be transacted which might have been
transacted at the meeting as originally notified.

        Section 2.07. VOTES REQUIRED. A majority of the votes cast at a duly
called meeting of stockholders, at which a quorum is present, shall be
sufficient to take or authorize action upon any matter which may properly come
before the meeting, unless the vote of a greater or different number thereof is
required by statute, by the rights of any authorized class of stock or by the
Certificate. Unless the Certificate or a resolution of the Board of Directors
adopted in connection with the issuance of shares of any class or series of
stock provides for a greater or lesser number of votes per share, or limits or
denies voting rights, each outstanding share of stock, regardless of class,
shall be entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of
stockholders.

        Section 2.08. PROXIES. A stockholder may vote the shares owned of record
by him either in person or by proxy executed in writing (which shall include
writings sent by telex, telegraph, cable or facsimile transmission) by the
stockholder himself or by his duly authorized attorney-in-fact. No proxy shall
be valid after three (3) years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a
longer period. Each proxy shall be in writing, subscribed by the stockholder or
his duly authorized attorney-in-fact, and dated, but it need not be sealed,
witnessed or acknowledged.

        Section 2.09. LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS. The Secretary of the Corporation
shall prepare and make (or cause to be prepared and made), at least ten (10)
days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of stockholders
entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical


BYLAWS-Page 2
<PAGE>   3
order and showing the address of, and the number of shares registered in the
name of, each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any
stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business
hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either at a
place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be
specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place
where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the
time and place of the meeting during the duration thereof, and may be inspected
by any stockholder who is present.

        Section 2.10. INSPECTORS OF ELECTION. In advance of any meeting of
stockholders, the Board may appoint Inspectors of Election to act at such
meeting or at any adjournments thereof. If such Inspectors are not so appointed
or fail or refuse to act, the chairman of any such meeting may (and, upon the
demand of any stockholder or stockholder's proxy, shall) make such an
appointment.

        The number of Inspectors of Election shall be one (1) or three (3). If
there are three (3) Inspectors of Election, the decision, act or certificate of
a majority shall be effective and shall represent the decision, act or
certificate of all. No such Inspector need be a stockholder of the Corporation.

        The Inspectors of Election shall determine the number of shares
outstanding, the voting power of each, the shares represented at the meeting,
the existence of a quorum and the authenticity, validity and effect of proxies;
they shall receive votes, ballots or consents, hear and determine all challenges
and questions in any way arising in connection with the right to vote, count and
tabulate all votes or consents, determine when the polls shall close and
determine the result; and finally, they shall do such acts as may be proper to
conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. On request, the
Inspectors shall make a report in writing to the secretary of the meeting
concerning any challenge, question or other matter as may have been determined
by them and shall execute and deliver to such secretary a certificate of any
fact found by them.

                                   ARTICLE III
                                    Directors

        Section 3.01. GENERAL POWERS. Subject to any requirements in the
Certificate or the Bylaws, and of applicable law as to action which must be
authorized or approved by the stockholders, any and all corporate powers shall
be exercised by or under the authority of, and the business and affairs of the
Corporation shall be under the direction of, the Board to the fullest extent
permitted by law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is hereby
expressly declared that the directors shall have the following powers, to wit:

        First - To select and remove all the officers, agents and employees of
        the Corporation, prescribe such powers and duties for them as may not be
        inconsistent with law, with the Certificate or the Bylaws and fix their
        compensation.

        Second - To conduct, manage and control the affairs and business of the
        Corporation, and to make such rules and regulations therefor not
        inconsistent with law, or with the Certificate or the Bylaws, as they
        may deem best.

        Third - To change the location of the registered office of the
        Corporation in Section 1.01; to change the principal executive office
        for the transaction of the business of the Corporation from one location
        to another as provided in Section 1.02; to fix and locate, from time to
        time, one or more subsidiary offices of the Corporation within or


BYLAWS-Page 3
<PAGE>   4
        without the State of Delaware as provided in Section 1.03; to designate
        any place within or without the State of Delaware for the holding of any
        stockholders' meeting; and to adopt, make and use a corporate seal, and
        to prescribe the forms of certificates of stock, and to alter the form
        of such seal and of such certificates, from time to time, and in their
        judgment as they may deem best; provided, however, that such seal and
        such certificates shall at all times comply with the law.

        Fourth - To authorize the issuance of shares of stock of the
        Corporation, from time to time, upon such terms and for such
        considerations as may be lawful.

        Fifth - To borrow money and incur indebtedness for the purposes of the
        Corporation, and to cause to be executed and delivered therefor, in the
        corporate name, promissory notes, bonds, debentures, deeds of trust and
        securities therefor.

        Section 3.02. NUMBER AND TERM OF OFFICE. Effective as of June 4, 2001,
the authorized number of directors of the corporation shall be ten (10) until
this section is amended by a resolution duly adopted by the Board or by the
stockholders, in either case in accordance with the provisions of Article V of
the Certificate. Directors need not be stockholders. Each of the directors shall
hold office until his successor shall have been duly elected and shall qualify
or until he shall resign or shall have been removed in the manner hereinafter
provided.

        Section 3.03. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS. The directors shall be elected by
the stockholders of the Corporation, and at each election the persons receiving
the greater number of votes, up to the number of directors then to be elected,
shall be the persons then elected. The election of directors is subject to any
provisions contained in the Certificate relating thereto.

        Section 3.04. RESIGNATIONS. Any director may resign at any time by
giving written notice to the Board or to the Secretary. Any such resignation
shall take effect at the time specified therein, or, if the time is not
specified, it shall take effect immediately upon receipt; and, unless otherwise
specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to
make it effective.

        Section 3.05. VACANCIES. Except as otherwise provided in the
Certificate, any vacancy in the Board, whether because of death, resignation,
disqualification, an increase in the number of directors, or any other cause,
may be filled by vote of the majority of the remaining directors, although less
than a quorum. Each director so chosen to fill a vacancy shall hold office until
his successor shall have been elected and shall qualify or until he shall resign
or shall have been removed.

        No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect
of removing any director prior to the expiration of his term of office.

        Section 3.06. PLACE OF MEETING, ETC. The Board or any committee thereof
may hold any of its meetings at any place, within or without the State of
Delaware, as the Board or such committee may, from time to time, by resolution
designate or as shall be designated by the person or persons calling the meeting
or in the notice or a waiver of notice of any such meeting. Directors may
participate in any regular or special meeting of the Board or any committee
thereof by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment
pursuant to which all persons participating in the meeting of the Board or such
committee can hear each other, and such participation shall constitute presence
in person at such meeting.


BYLAWS-Page 4
<PAGE>   5
        Section 3.07. FIRST MEETING. The Board shall meet as soon as practicable
after each annual election of directors and notice of such first meeting shall
not be required.

        Section 3.08. REGULAR MEETING. Regular meetings of the Board may be held
at such times as the Board shall, from time to time, by resolution determine. If
any date fixed for a regular meeting shall be a legal holiday at the place where
the meeting is to be held, then the meeting shall be held at the same hour and
place on the next succeeding business day not a legal holiday. Except as
provided by law, notice of regular meetings need not be given.

        Section 3.09. SPECIAL MEETING. Special meetings of the Board for any
purpose shall be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board or, if he is
absent or unable or refuses to act, by the President or, if he is absent or
unable or refuses to act, by any Vice President, Secretary or by any two
directors. For any special meeting of the Board of Directors, the Executive
Committee, if such a committee has been created pursuant to Section 3.13 hereof,
may by resolution change the location of that meeting, provided the Executive
Committee resolution to that effect is adopted not later than the later of a)
five days before the called date of the meeting, or b) one day after the receipt
of the call of the meeting by the Chairman of the Executive Committee. Except as
otherwise provided by law or by the Bylaws, written notice of the time and place
of special meetings shall be delivered personally to each director, or sent to
each director by mail or by other form of written communication, charges
prepaid, addressed to him at his address as it is shown upon the records of the
Corporation, or if it is not so shown on such records and is not readily
ascertainable, at the place in which the meetings of the directors are regularly
held. In case such notice is mailed or telegraphed, it shall be deposited in the
United States mail or delivered to the telegraph company in the county in which
the principal executive office for the transaction of business of the
Corporation is located at least forty-eight hours prior to the time of the
holding of the meeting. In case such notice is delivered personally as above
provided, it shall be so delivered at least 24 hours prior to the time of the
holding of the meeting. Such mailing, telegraphing or delivery as above provided
shall be due, legal and personal notice to such director. Except where otherwise
required by law or by the Bylaws, notice of the purpose of a special meeting
need not be given. Notice of any meeting of the Board shall not be required to
be given to any director who is present at such meeting, except a director who
shall attend such meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning
of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not
lawfully called or convened.

        Section 3.10. QUORUM AND MANNER OF ACTING. Except as otherwise provided
in the Bylaws, the Certificate or by applicable law, the presence of a majority
of the total number of directors shall be required to constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board, and all matters shall
be decided at any such meeting, a quorum being present, by the affirmative votes
of a majority of the directors present. In the absence of a quorum, a majority
of directors present at any meeting may adjourn the same, from time to time,
until a quorum shall be present. Notice of any adjourned meeting need not be
given. The directors shall act only as a Board, and the individual directors
shall have no power as such.

        Section 3.11. ACTION BY CONSENT. Any action required or permitted to be
taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken
without a meeting if consent in writing is given thereto by all members of the
Board or of such committee, as the case may be, and such consent is filed with
the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.

        Section 3.12. COMPENSATION. Directors who are not employees of the
Corporation or any of its subsidiaries may receive an annual fee for their
services as directors in an amount fixed by resolution of the Board, and in
addition, a fixed fee, with or without expenses of attendance, may be allowed by
resolution of the Board for attendance at each meeting, including each meeting
of a


BYLAWS-Page 5
<PAGE>   6
committee of the Board. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude
any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity as an officer,
agent, employee, or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefor.

        Section 3.13. COMMITTEES. The Board may, by resolution passed by a
majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to
consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. Any such committee,
to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board and subject to any
restrictions or limitations on the delegation of power and authority imposed by
applicable law, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the
Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may
authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may
require it. Any such committee may keep written minutes of its meetings and
shall report on its meetings to the Board at the next regular meeting of the
Board.

        Section 3.14 MEETINGS OF COMMITTEES. Each committee of the Board shall
fix its own rules of procedure consist with the provisions of applicable law and
of any resolutions of the Board governing such committee. Each committee shall
meet as provided by such rules or such resolution of the Board. Unless otherwise
provided by such rules or by such resolution, the provisions of the Bylaws under
Article III entitled "Directors" relating to the place of holding meetings and
the notice required for meetings of the Board of Directors shall govern the
place of meetings and notice of meetings for committees of the Board. A majority
of the members of each committee shall constitute a quorum thereof, except that
when a committee consists of 1 member, then the 1 member shall constitute a
quorum. In the absence of a quorum, a majority of the members present at the
time and place of any meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a
quorum shall be present and the meeting may be held as adjourned without further
notice or waiver. Except in cases where it is otherwise provided by the rules of
such committee or by a resolution of the Board, the vote of a majority of the
members present at a duly constituted meeting at which a quorum is present shall
be sufficient to pass any measure by the committee.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                                    Officers

        Section 4.01 DESIGNATION, ELECTION AND TERM OF OFFICE. The Corporation
shall have a Vice-Chairman of the Board, a President, a chief financial officer,
such vice presidents as the Board deems appropriate, and a Secretary. These
officers shall be elected annually by the Board at the organizational meeting
immediately following the annual meeting of stockholders, and each such officer
shall hold office until the corresponding meeting of the Board in the next year
and until his successor shall have been elected and qualified or until his
earlier resignation, death or removal. In its discretion, the Board may leave
unfilled for any period it may fix any office to the ext allowed by law. Any
vacancy in any of the above offices may be filled for the unexpired portion of
the term by the Board at any regular or special meeting.

        Section 4.02. CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD. The Chairman of the Board shall
preside, if present and willing, at all stockholders and Board of Directors'
meetings. In addition, he shall have such other duties as may, from
time-to-time, be assigned to him by the Board of Directors.

        Section 4.03. VICE-CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD. The Vice-Chairman of the Board
shall, in the absence or inability of the Chairman of the Board to perform such
duties, assume the duties and responsibilities of the Chairman of the Board as
defined in Section 4.02 of these Bylaws; and shall have such other duties as
may, from time-to-time, be assigned him by the Board of Directors.


BYLAWS-Page 6
<PAGE>   7
        Section 4.04. PRESIDENT. Except to the extent that the Bylaws or the
Board of Directors assign specific powers and duties to the Chairman of the
Board and/or the Vice-Chairman of the Board, the President shall be the
Corporation's General Manager and Chief Executive Officer and, subject to the
control of the Board of Directors, shall have general charge, supervision and
control over the Corporation's assets, businesses, operations and its officers.
The managerial powers and duties of the President include, but are not limited
to, all of the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the
office of a president of a corporation, and the making of reports to the Board
of Directors and stockholders.

        Section 4.05. EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT. The Board may appoint an
Executive Vice President, who shall be accountable to the President. He shall
perform such duties as may be assigned to him, from time to time, by the Board
in its enabling resolution and by the President.

        Section 4.06. VICE PRESIDENT/CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. The chief
financial officer of the Corporation shall be a vice president. He shall report
to the President and be responsible for the management and supervision of all
financial matters and for the financial growth and stability of the Corporation.
In addition, he shall have the duties usually vested in the treasurer's office
of a corporation.

        Section 4.07. VICE PRESIDENTS. Vice Presidents of the Corporation that
are elected by the Board shall perform such duties as may be assigned to them,
from time to time, by the President. Such vice presidents may be designated as
Group Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents or other appropriate designations
given by the Board in its enabling resolutions.

        Section 4.08. SECRETARY. The Secretary shall keep the minutes of the
meetings of the stockholders, the Board and all committee meetings. He shall be
the custodian of the corporate seal and shall affix it to all documents which he
is authorized by law or the Board to sign and seal. He also shall perform such
other duties as may be assigned to him, from time to time, by the Chairman of
the Board or the Board.

        Section 4.09. OTHER OFFICERS. The Board may also elect one or more
Assistant Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers.

        Section 4.10. WHEN DUTIES OF AN OFFICER MAY BE DELEGATED. In the case of
the absence or disability of an officer or for any other reason that may seem
sufficient to the Board, the Board, or any officer designated by it, or the
Chairman of the Board may, for the time of the absence or disability, delegate
such officer's duties and powers to any other officer of the Corporation.

        Section 4.11. RESIGNATIONS. Any officer may resign at any time by giving
written notice to the Board, to the Chairman of the Board, to the President, or
to the Secretary. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time specified
therein unless otherwise determined by the Board. The acceptance of a
resignation by the Corporation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

        Section 4.12. REMOVAL. Any officer of the Corporation may be removed,
with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire
Board.

                                    ARTICLE V
                 Contracts, Checks, Drafts, Bank Accounts, Etc.

        Section 5.01. EXECUTION OF CONTRACTS. The Board, except as otherwise
provided in the Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents,
to enter into any contract or


BYLAWS-Page 7
<PAGE>   8
execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such
authority may be general or confined to specific instances; and unless so
authorized by the Board or by the Bylaws, no officer, agent or employee shall
have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or
engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or in
any amount.

        Section 5.02. CHECKS, DRAFTS, ETC. All checks, drafts or other orders
for payment of money, notes or other evidence of indebtedness, issued in the
name of or payable to the Corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by such
person or persons and in such manner as, from time to time, shall be determined
by resolution of the Board. Each such officer, assistant, agent or attorney
shall give such bond, if any, as the Board may require.

        Section 5.03. DEPOSITS. All funds of the Corporation not otherwise
employed shall be deposited, from time to time, to the credit of the Corporation
in such banks, trust companies or other depositaries as the Board may select, or
as may be selected by any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or
agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such powers shall
have been delegated by the Board. For the purpose of deposit and for the purpose
of collection for the account of the Corporation, the President, any Vice
President or the chief financial officer (or any other officer or officers,
assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the
Corporation who shall from time to time be determined by the Board) may endorse,
sign and deliver checks, drafts and other orders for the payment of money which
are payable to the order of the Corporation.

        Section 5.04. GENERAL AND SPECIAL BANK ACCOUNTS. The Board may, from
time to time, authorize the opening and keeping of general and special bank
accounts with such banks, trust companies or other depositaries as the Board may
select or as may be selected by any officer, assistant or assistants, agent or
agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall
have been delegated by the Board. The Board may make such special rules and
regulations with respect to such bank accounts, not inconsistent with the
provisions of the Bylaws as it may deem expedient.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                 Indemnification


        Except to the extent prohibited by then applicable law, the Corporation
(i) shall indemnify and hold harmless each person who was or is a party to, or
is threatened to be made a party to, any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding, whether or not by or in the right of the
Corporation, and whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or
otherwise (any such action, suit or proceeding being hereafter in this Article
referred to as a "proceeding"), by reason of the fact that such person is or was
a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of
the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or was a director or officer of a
foreign or domestic corporation which was a predecessor corporation of the
Corporation or of another enterprise at the request of such predecessor
corporation; and (ii) may indemnify and hold harmless each person who was or is
a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, any such proceeding by
reason of the fact that such person is or was an employee or agent of the
Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as an employee
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, or was an employee or agent of a foreign or domestic corporation
which was a predecessor corporation of the Corporation or of any enterprise at
the request of such corporation (any such person being hereafter in the Article
referred to as an "indemnifiable party"). Where required by law, the
indemnification provided for in this Article shall be made only as authorized in
the specific case upon a determination, in the manner provided by law, that the
indemnification of


BYLAWS-Page 8
<PAGE>   9
the indemnifiable party is proper in the circumstances. The Corporation shall
advance to indemnifiable parties expenses incurred in defending any proceeding
prior to the final disposition thereof except to the ext prohibited by then
applicable law. This Article shall create a right of indemnification for each
such indemnifiable party whether or not the proceeding to which the
indemnification relates arose in whole or in part prior to adoption of this
Article (or the adoption of the comparable provisions of the Bylaws of the
Corporation's predecessor corporation) and, in the event of the death of an
indemnifiable party, such right shall extend to such indemnifiable party's legal
representatives. The right of indemnification hereby given shall not be
exclusive of any right such indemnifiable party may have, whether by law or
under any agreement, insurance policy, vote of the Board or stockholders, or
otherwise. The Corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance
on behalf of any indemnifiable party against any liability asserted against or
incurred by the indemnifiable party in such capacity or arising out of the
indemnifiable party's status as such whether or not the Corporation would have
the power to indemnify the indemnifiable party against such liability.

                                   ARTICLE VII
                                      Stock

        Section 7.01. CERTIFICATES. Except as otherwise provided by law, each
stockholder shall be entitled to a certificate or certificates which shall
represent and certify the number and class (and series, if appropriate) of
shares of stock owned by him in the Corporation. Each certificate shall be
signed in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board and the
President, together with the Secretary. Any or all of the signatures on any
certificate may be facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar
who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate
shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such
certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect
as if such person were an officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of
issue.

        Section 7.02. TRANSFER OF SHARES. Shares of stock shall be transferable
on the books of the Corporation only by the holder thereof, in person or by his
duly authorized attorney, upon the surrender of the certificate representing the
shares to be transferred, properly endorsed, to the Corporation's registrar if
the Corporation has a registrar. The Board shall have power and authority to
make such other rules and regulations concerning the issue, transfer and
registration of certificates of the Corporation's stock as it may deem
expedient.

        Section 7.03. TRANSFER AGENTS AND REGISTRARS. The Corporation may have
one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars of its stock whose
respective duties the Board or the Secretary may, from time to time, define. No
certificate of stock shall be valid until countersigned by a transfer agent, if
the Corporation has a transfer agent, or until registered by a registrar, if the
Corporation has a registrar. The duties of transfer agent and registrar may be
combined.

        Section 7.04. STOCK LEDGERS. Original or duplicate stock ledgers,
containing the names and addresses of the stockholders of the Corporation and
the number of shares of each class of stock held by them, shall be kept at the
principal executive office of the Corporation or at the office of its transfer
agent or registrar.

        Section 7.05. RECORD DATES. The Board shall fix, in advance, a date as
the record date for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice
of, or to vote at, any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or
stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution
or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any


BYLAWS-Page 9
<PAGE>   10
change, conversion or exchange of stock, or in order to make a determination of
stockholders for any other proper purpose. Such date in any case shall be not
more than sixty (60) days, and in case of a meeting of stockholders, not less
than ten (10) days, prior to the date on which the particular action requiring
such determination of stockholders is to be taken. Only those stockholders of
record on the date so fixed shall be entitled to any of the foregoing rights,
notwithstanding the transfer of any such stock on the books of the Corporation
after any such record date fixed by the Board.

        Section 7.06. NEW CERTIFICATES. In case any certificate of stock is
lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Board may authorize the issuance of a
new certificate in place thereof upon such terms and conditions as it may deem
advisable; or the Board may delegate such power to the Secretary; but the Board
or Secretary or agents, in their discretion, may refuse to issue such a new
certificate unless the Corporation is ordered to do so by a court of competent
jurisdiction.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                               General Provisions

        Section 8.01. DIVIDENDS. Subject to limitations contained in Delaware
Law and the Certificate, the Board may declare and pay dividends upon the shares
of capital stock of the Corporation, which dividends may be paid either in cash,
securities of the Corporation or other property.

        Section 8.02. VOTING OF STOCK IN OTHER CORPORATIONS. Any shares of stock
in other corporations or associations which may, from time to time, be held by
the Corporation, may be represented and voted at any of the stockholders'
meetings thereof by the Chairman of the Board, the President or the Secretary.
The Board, however, may by resolution appoint some other person or persons to
vote such shares, in which case such person or persons shall be entitled to vote
such shares upon the production of a certified copy of such resolution.

        Section 8.03. AMENDMENTS. These Bylaws may be adopted, repealed,
rescinded, altered or amended only as provided in the Certificate.




        Amended:  June 4, 2001


BYLAWS-Page 10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.22
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>y50911ex10-22.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDMENT TO EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.22


                                 AMENDMENT NO. 2

                                       TO

                          EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

                                (THE "AGREEMENT")


               Reference is made to the Agreement between you (the "Executive")
and the undersigned Corporation with respect to certain severance arrangements
which apply only in the event that a Change in Control of the Corporation occurs
after the date of the Agreement, as the Agreement was amended by Amendment No.
1.

               Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings given to
them in the Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise.

               As an inducement to the Executive to continue his employment with
the Corporation, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

               A)     Paragraph 18 of the Agreement is amended in its entirety
                      to state:

                      Absent a change in control or unless extended in writing
                      by the parties hereto, this Agreement shall expire on
                      January 31, 2003.

               B)     The second sentence of Paragraph 2 is deleted in its
                      entirety and the following provision substituted therefor:

                      As used in clause (d), the term "fair market value" means
                      the closing price of the common stock of the Corporation
                      on the New York Stock Exchange on the Termination Date,
                      less any amounts remaining to be paid by the Executive for
                      such restricted stock or the exercise of such stock
                      options.

               C)     The last two (2) lines of Paragraph 5.a. are deleted in
                      their entirety and the following provision substituted
                      therefor:

                      employment (i) for Cause, (ii) as a result of his death or
                      (iii) by the Executive other than for Good Reason;

               D)     Paragraph 5.e. is deleted in its entirety and the
                      following provision substituted therefor:

                      The failure by the Corporation to continue to provide the
                      Executive with compensation and benefits provided as of
                      the date hereof or benefits substantially similar to those
                      provided under any of the employee benefit plans in which
                      the Executive becomes a participant or the taking of any
                      action by the Corporation which would directly or
                      indirectly materially reduce any of such benefits or
                      deprive the Executive of any material benefit enjoyed by
                      him at the time of the Change in Control;
<PAGE>   2
               E)     The last two (2) lines of Paragraph 6.e. are deleted in
                      their entirety and the following provision substituted
                      therefor:

                      interest paid by the Executive (the "Excise Tax") shall be
                      reimbursed to the Executive by the Corporation. In
                      addition, the Executive shall be entitled to receive an
                      additional payment or payments (a "Gross Up Payment") in
                      an amount such that, after payment by the Executive of all
                      taxes (including federal, state and local taxes and any
                      interest or penalties imposed with respect to such taxes
                      and including any Excise Tax) imposed upon the Gross Up
                      Payment, the Executive and/or his estate collectively
                      retain (or have withheld and credited on his behalf for
                      tax purposes) an amount of the Gross Up Payment equal to
                      the Excise Tax.

               This Amendment No. 2, extending the term and obligations of the
Agreement and Amendment No. 1 thereto, and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby has been duly approved and authorized by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation at a Regular Meeting on January 18, 2001. The parties agree that
this Amendment No. 2 shall effectively revive all the conditions and obligations
imposed on the parties by the Agreement, as amended by Amendment No. 1 and any
rights which either party may have by virtue of the former agreements shall be
adopted as a part of this Amendment No. 2 and considered in full force and
effect, except as specifically provided in this Amendment No. 2.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment No. 2 is executed by or on
behalf of the undersigned as of January     , 2001.







                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------




Accepted and agreed to:



- --------------------------------
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.23
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>y50911ex10-23.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDMENT TO EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.23


                                 AMENDMENT NO. 2

                                       TO

                          EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

                                (THE "AGREEMENT")


               Reference is made to the Agreement between you (the "Executive")
and the undersigned Employer with respect to certain severance arrangements
which apply only in the event that a Change in Control of the Corporation occurs
after the date of the Agreement, as the Agreement was amended by Amendment No.
1.

               Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings given to
them in the Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise.

               As an inducement to the Executive to continue his employment with
the Employer, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

               A)     Paragraph 18 of the Agreement is amended in its entirety
                      to state:

                      Absent a change in control or unless extended in writing
                      by the parties hereto, this Agreement shall expire on
                      January 31, 2003.

               B)     The second sentence of Paragraph 2 is deleted in its
                      entirety and the following provision substituted therefor:

                      As used in clause (d), the term "fair market value" means
                      the closing price of the common stock of the Corporation
                      on the New York Stock Exchange on the Termination Date,
                      less any amounts remaining to be paid by the Executive for
                      such restricted stock or the exercise of such stock
                      options.

               C)     The last two (2) lines of Paragraph 5.a. are deleted in
                      their entirety and the following provision substituted
                      therefor:

                      employment (i) for Cause, (ii) as a result of his death or
                      (iii) by the Executive other than for Good Reason;

               D)     Paragraph 5.e. is deleted in its entirety and the
                      following provision substituted therefor:

                      The failure by the Employer to continue to provide the
                      Executive with compensation and benefits provided as of
                      the date hereof or benefits substantially similar to those
                      provided under any of the employee benefit plans in which
                      the Executive becomes a participant or the taking of any
                      action by the Employer which would directly or indirectly
                      materially reduce any of such benefits or deprive the
                      Executive of any material benefit enjoyed by him at the
                      time of the Change in Control;
<PAGE>   2
19


               E)     The last two (2) lines of Paragraph 6.e. are deleted in
                      their entirety and the following provision substituted
                      therefor:

                      interest paid by the Executive (the "Excise Tax") shall be
                      reimbursed to the Executive by the Employer. In addition,
                      the Executive shall be entitled to receive an additional
                      payment or payments (a "Gross Up Payment") in an amount
                      such that, after payment by the Executive of all taxes
                      (including federal, state and local taxes and any interest
                      or penalties imposed with respect to such taxes and
                      including any Excise Tax) imposed upon the Gross Up
                      Payment, the Executive and/or his estate collectively
                      retain (or have withheld and credited on his behalf for
                      tax purposes) an amount of the Gross Up Payment equal to
                      the Excise Tax.

               This Amendment No. 2, extending the term and obligations of the
Agreement and Amendment No. 1 thereto, and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby has been duly approved and authorized by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation at a Regular Meeting on January 18, 2001. The parties agree that
this Amendment No. 2 shall effectively revive all the conditions and obligations
imposed on the parties by the Agreement, as amended by Amendment No. 1 and any
rights which either party may have by virtue of the former agreements shall be
adopted as a part of this Amendment No. 2 and considered in full force and
effect, except as specifically provided in this Amendment No. 2.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment No. 2 is executed by or on
behalf of the undersigned as of January        , 2001.







                                       By:
                                          -------------------------------------



Accepted and agreed to:



- -----------------------------------
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.24
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>y50911ex10-24.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDMENT TO EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.24


                                 AMENDMENT NO. 2

                                       TO

                          EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

                                (THE "AGREEMENT")


               Reference is made to the Agreement between you (the "Executive")
and the undersigned Corporation with respect to certain severance arrangements
which apply only in the event that a Change in Control of the Corporation occurs
after the date of the Agreement, as the Agreement was amended by Amendment No.
1.

               Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings given to
them in the Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise.

               As an inducement to the Executive to continue his employment with
the Corporation, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

               A)     Paragraph 18 of the Agreement is amended in its entirety
                      to state:

                      Absent a change in control or unless extended in writing
                      by the parties hereto, this Agreement shall expire on
                      January 31, 2003.

               B)     The second sentence of Paragraph 2 is deleted in its
                      entirety and the following provision substituted therefor:

                      As used in clause (d), the term "fair market value" means
                      the closing price of the common stock of the Corporation
                      on the New York Stock Exchange on the Termination Date,
                      less any amounts remaining to be paid by the Executive for
                      such restricted stock or the exercise of such stock
                      options.

               C)     The last two (2) lines of Paragraph 5.a. are deleted in
                      their entirety and the following provision substituted
                      therefor:

                      employment (i) for Cause, (ii) as a result of his death or
                      (iii) by the Executive other than for Good Reason;

               D)     Paragraph 5.e. is deleted in its entirety and the
                      following provision substituted therefor:

                      The failure by the Corporation to continue to provide the
                      Executive with compensation and benefits provided as of
                      the date hereof or benefits substantially similar to those
                      provided under any of the employee benefit plans in which
                      the Executive becomes a participant or the taking of any
                      action by the Corporation which would directly or
                      indirectly materially reduce any of such benefits or
                      deprive the Executive of any material benefit enjoyed by
                      him at the time of the Change in Control;
<PAGE>   2
               E)     The last two (2) lines of Paragraph 6.e. are deleted in
                      their entirety and the following provision substituted
                      therefor:

                      interest paid by the Executive (the "Excise Tax") shall be
                      reimbursed to the Executive by the Corporation. In
                      addition, the Executive shall be entitled to receive an
                      additional payment or payments (a "Gross Up Payment") in
                      an amount such that, after payment by the Executive of all
                      taxes (including federal, state and local taxes and any
                      interest or penalties imposed with respect to such taxes
                      and including any Excise Tax) imposed upon the Gross Up
                      Payment, the Executive and/or his estate collectively
                      retain (or have withheld and credited on his behalf for
                      tax purposes) an amount of the Gross Up Payment equal to
                      the Excise Tax.

               This Amendment No. 2, extending the term and obligations of the
Agreement and Amendment No. 1 thereto, and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby has been duly approved and authorized by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation at a Regular Meeting on January 18, 2001. The parties agree that
this Amendment No. 2 shall effectively revive all the conditions and obligations
imposed on the parties by the Agreement, as amended by Amendment No. 1 and any
rights which either party may have by virtue of the former agreements shall be
adopted as a part of this Amendment No. 2 and considered in full force and
effect, except as specifically provided in this Amendment No. 2.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment No. 2 is executed by or on
behalf of the undersigned as of January        , 2001.






                                       By:
                                           ------------------------------------



Accepted and agreed to:



- ------------------------------------



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.25
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>y50911ex10-25.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDMENT TO EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.25


                                 AMENDMENT NO. 2

                                       TO

                          EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

                                (THE "AGREEMENT")


                  Reference is made to the Agreement between you (the
"Executive") and the undersigned Employer with respect to certain severance
arrangements which apply only in the event that a Change in Control of the
Corporation occurs after the date of the Agreement, as the Agreement was amended
by Amendment No. 1.

                  Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings given to
them in the Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise.

                  As an inducement to the Executive to continue his employment
with the Employer, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

                  A)       Paragraph 16 of the Agreement is amended in its
                           entirety to state:

                           Absent a change in control or unless extended in
                           writing by the parties hereto, this Agreement shall
                           expire on January 31, 2003.

                  B)       The second sentence of Paragraph 2 is deleted in its
                           entirety and the following provision substituted
                           therefor:

                           As used in clause (d), the term "fair market value"
                           means the closing price of the common stock of the
                           Corporation on the New York Stock Exchange on the
                           Termination Date, less any amounts remaining to be
                           paid by the Executive for such restricted stock or
                           the exercise of such stock options.

                  C)       The last two (2) lines of Paragraph 5.a. are deleted
                           in their entirety and the following provision
                           substituted therefor:

                           employment (i) for Cause, (ii) as a result of his
                           death or (iii) by the Executive other than for Good
                           Reason;

                  D)       Paragraph 5.e. is deleted in its entirety and the
                           following provision substituted therefor:

                           The failure by the Employer to continue to provide
                           the Executive with compensation and benefits provided
                           as of the date hereof or benefits substantially
                           similar to those provided under any of the employee
                           benefit plans in which the Executive becomes a
                           participant or the taking of any action by the
                           Employer which would directly or indirectly
                           materially reduce any of such benefits or deprive the
                           Executive of any material benefit enjoyed by him at
                           the time of the Change in Control;
<PAGE>   2
                  This Amendment No. 2, extending the term and obligations of
the Agreement and Amendment No. 1 thereto, and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby has been duly approved and authorized by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation at a Regular Meeting on January 18, 2001. The
parties agree that this Amendment No. 2 shall effectively revive all the
conditions and obligations imposed on the parties by the Agreement, as amended
by Amendment No. 1 and any rights which either party may have by virtue of the
former agreements shall be adopted as a part of this Amendment No. 2 and
considered in full force and effect, except as specifically provided in this
Amendment No. 2.

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment No. 2 is executed by or on
behalf of the undersigned as of January , 2001. -





                                       By:
                                          --------------------------------------




Accepted and agreed to:



- --------------------------------------
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.43
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>y50911ex10-43.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORBEARANCE AND WAIVER AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.43


                        FORBEARANCE AND WAIVER AGREEMENT

         This FORBEARANCE AND WAIVER AGREEMENT, dated as of March 29, 2001 (this
"Agreement"), is by and among (a) TransTechnology Corporation
("TransTechnology"), TransTechnology Seeger-Orbis GmbH ("GmbH") and
TransTechnology (GB) Limited ("Limited", together with TransTechnology and GmbH,
the "Borrowers"), (b) Fleet National Bank ("FNB") and the other lending
institutions listed on Schedule 1 to the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter
defined) (collectively, the "Lenders"), (c) FNB, acting through its London
Branch, as Sterling Fronting Bank (the "Sterling Fronting Bank"), (d) BHF-BANK
Aktiengesellschaft, as DM Fronting Bank (the "DM Fronting Bank"; together with
the Sterling Fronting Bank, the "Fronting Banks"), (e) FNB, as issuing bank for
Letters of Credit (in such capacity, the "Issuing Bank"), and (f) FNB as
Administrative Agent for the Lenders, the Fronting Banks and the Issuing Bank
(in such capacity, the "Administrative Agent").

         WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Lenders, the Fronting Banks, the Issuing
Bank, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as Syndication Agent, Bank One, NA, as Documentation
Agent, and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Second Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 1995, and amended and
restated as of July 24, 1998, as further amended and restated as of August 31,
1999, as amended by that certain Consent and Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated as
of August 21, 2000, as further amended by that certain Amendment Agreement No. 2
dated as of December 29, 2000, and as further amended by that certain Amendment
Agreement No. 3 ("Amendment No. 3") dated as of January 31, 2001 (as so amended
and restated, the "Credit Agreement"). Capitalized terms used herein unless
otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit
Agreement;

         WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of Amendment No. 3, the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent agreed to forbear from (a) exercising their rights and
remedies under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to collect the
indebtedness of the Borrowers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under
the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (b) ceasing to make
Revolving Credit Loans or International Facility Loans or to issue, extend or
renew Letters of Credit;

         WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of Amendment No. 3 the forbearance
period will end on March 29, 2001;

         WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested that the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent extend such forbearance period;

         WHEREAS, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are willing to extend
such forbearance period, but only on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein;

         WHEREAS, TransTechnology has notified the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders of TransTechnology's desire to cause Limited to become a "Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary Guarantor" as defined in the Senior Subordinated Loan Agreement, so
that
<PAGE>   2
                                     - 2 -


certain transactions between TransTechnology and Limited will not be subject to
the restrictions on such transactions contained in Section9.2 of the Senior
Subordinated Loan Agreement; and

         WHEREAS, the parties hereto agree that in order for Limited to become a
"Wholly-Owned Subsidiary Guarantor" as defined in the Senior Subordinated Loan
Agreement, Limited must first guaranty all of the Obligations of the Borrowers
(other than Limited) under the Credit Agreement and that such guaranty will
require the Borrowers to waive certain rights contained in Sections7.3 and
7.4 of the Credit Agreement;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, the parties
hereto hereby agree as follows:

         SECTION 1. FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT. Subject to the terms and conditions
set forth herein, each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to
forbear from (a) exercising their rights and remedies under the Credit Agreement
and the other Loan Documents to collect the indebtedness of the Borrowers to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Credit Agreement and the other
Loan Documents, and (b) ceasing to make Revolving Credit Loans or International
Facility Loans or to issue, extend or renew Letters of Credit until that date
(the "Forbearance Termination Date") which is the earliest to occur of (i) the
failure after the date hereof of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries to comply
with any of the terms or conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement and/or the
other Loan Documents, other than the failure to comply with the provisions of
SectionSection11.1 - 11.5 of the Credit Agreement for the period commencing on
January 1, 2001 and ending on September 27, 2001 (the "Specified Defaults"),
(ii) the occurrence after the date hereof of any Default or Event of Default,
other than a Specified Default, (iii) the failure of the Borrowers to (a) make
prepayments of principal on account of the Term Loan of, and (b) prepay and
permanently reduce the Revolving Credit Loans by an aggregate amount of not less
than Fifty Million Dollars ($50,000,000) (the "$50,000,000 Prepayment") prior to
June 27, 2001, (iv) the failure of the Borrowers after the date hereof to comply
with the financial covenant set forth in Section3(a) hereof, (v) the failure of
the Borrowers or their Subsidiaries to comply with any term set forth in this
Agreement, (vi) the date on which the Administrative Agent determines that a
material adverse change in the business, assets, financial condition or
prospects of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, has
occurred, (vii) the date that the Borrowers, any of their Subsidiaries or any
Affiliate of the Borrowers shall commence any litigation proceeding against the
Administrative Agent or any Lender or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent
or any Lender in connection with or related to any of the transactions
contemplated by the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, this Agreement
or any documents, agreements or instruments executed in connection with any of
the foregoing, (viii) the date that any holder of Subordinated Debt takes any
action in enforcement of its rights under such Subordinated Debt, or any "Event
of Default" under and as defined in any instrument evidencing any such
Subordinated Debt shall have occurred, the effect of which would be to permit
the holder of such Subordinated Debt to accelerate such Indebtedness, and (ix)
September 27, 2001. On and after the Forbearance Termination Date, each of the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be free in its sole and absolute
discretion to proceed to enforce any or all of its rights under or in respect of
the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents and applicable law, including,
without limitation, (x) the right to require the immediate
<PAGE>   3
                                     - 3 -


repayment of the Loans and the other Obligations in full, (y) the right to
require deposit of cash collateral or the delivery of a letter of credit
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the
then Maximum Drawing Amount of all Letters of Credit in accordance with
Section5.2(c) of the Credit Agreement, and (z) the right to cease making
Revolving Credit Loans or International Facility Loans, or issuing, extending or
renewing Letters of Credit.

         SECTION 2. ASSET SALES. The Borrowers may from time to time request
that the Lenders consent to sales of certain assets of the Borrowers and their
Subsidiaries. In connection with any such request the Borrowers will provide the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders with (a) a summary of the proposed
transaction, (b) all documents relating to such sale, including, but not limited
to, any fairness opinions issued in connection with such sale, and (c) new
monthly balance sheets and cash flow projections taking into account the effect
of the closing of any such proposed sale including monthly projections relating
to usage of Revolving Credit Loans going forward. The Administrative Agent and
the Lenders will promptly consider any such request, but shall have no
obligation to consent to any such request. The Borrowers hereby agree that the
net proceeds from any such asset sales shall be used to permanently reduce the
Loans.

         SECTION 3. COVENANTS. Without any prejudice or impairment whatsoever to
any of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender
contained in the Credit Agreement or in any other Loan Documents, the Borrowers
covenant and agree with the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders as
follows:

                  (a) Financial Covenant. During the period beginning on May 30,
         2001 and ending on the Forbearance Termination Date, at no time shall
         Modified Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of each month be less
         than the amount set forth on Schedule 3(a) attached hereto for such
         period. As used herein "Modified Consolidated EBITDA" shall mean
         Consolidated EBITDA with "Reference Periods" beginning on April 1, 2001
         and ending on the last day of each month (commencing with the month
         ending May 30, 2001) plus the forbearance fees paid to the Lenders
         pursuant to Section10 hereof during such period plus the expenses
         incurred in accordance with SectionSection3(g) and (i) hereof during
         such period. The Borrowers shall deliver to the Administrative Agent
         and the Lenders evidence of compliance with this paragraph (a)
         simultaneously with the delivery of the monthly financial statements
         required by Section9.4(d) of the Credit Agreement.

                  (b) Revolver Sublimit. Notwithstanding anything to the
         contrary stated in Section2 of the Credit Agreement, at no time during
         the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the Forbearance
         Termination Date shall the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders
         be obligated to make or fund any Revolving Credit Loans if, after the
         making of such Revolving Credit Loan, the sum of (i) the outstanding
         amount of the Revolving Credit Loans (after giving effect to all
         amounts requested), (ii) the Maximum Drawing Amount, (iii) all Unpaid
         Reimbursement Obligations, and (iv) the International Facility Amount
         (such aggregate amount, the "Revolving Facility Usage"), would exceed
         $162,500,000 (such amount, the "Revolver Sublimit"). If the Revolving
         Facility Usage at any time exceeds the Revolver Sublimit in effect at
         such time,
<PAGE>   4
                                     - 4 -


         TransTechnology shall immediately prepay an amount equal to such excess
         to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders and the
         Administrative Agent, for application to the outstanding principal
         amount of the Revolving Credit Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
         the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders shall not be reduced or
         deemed to be reduced hereby and the Commitment Fees payable pursuant to
         SectionSection2.2, 3.13 and 3.14 of the Credit Agreement shall continue
         to be payable with respect to the aggregate Revolving Credit
         Commitments, the Maximum DM Amount and the Maximum Sterling Amount,
         respectively.

                  (c) Letters of Credit. Notwithstanding anything to the
         contrary stated in Section5 of the Credit Agreement, at no time during
         the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the Forbearance
         Termination Date shall the Issuing Bank issue, extend or renew any
         Letter of Credit if, as a result thereof, the Revolving Facility Usage,
         after giving effect to such issuance, extension or renewal, would
         exceed the Revolver Sublimit in effect at such time.

                  (d) Applicable Margin. Notwithstanding anything to the
         contrary stated in the definition of "Applicable Margin" in the Credit
         Agreement or in Section6.11 of the Credit Agreement, between January 1,
         2001 and the Forbearance Termination Date the Applicable Margin in
         effect with respect to Base Rate Loans shall be 2.50%, and the
         Applicable Margin in effect with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans
         shall be 4.00%; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, in the event
         that any Default or Event of Default occurring or arising prior to the
         Forbearance Termination Date is continuing on the Forbearance
         Termination Date, the provisions of Section6.11 of the Credit Agreement
         shall apply at such time to the determination of the applicable rate of
         interest on the Loans outstanding at such time.

                  (e) Eurocurrency Rate Loans / Sterling Facility Loans.
         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated in the definition of
         "Interest Period" in the Credit Agreement or in Section2.7, Section3.5
         or Section4.5 of the Credit Agreement, between the Effective Date and
         the Forbearance Termination Date TransTechnology may elect to convert
         any part of the Loans to or maintain any part of the Loans as
         Eurocurrency Rate Loans in accordance with the applicable provisions of
         the Credit Agreement as in effect as of the Effective Date, so long as
         the Interest Periods with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Loans
         borrowed, converted or renewed after the Effective Date do not extend
         beyond (i) June 27, 2001 unless the $50,000,000 Prepayment has
         occurred, and (ii) September 27, 2001 even if the $50,000,000
         Prepayment has occurred. Further, the Sterling Fronting Bank may make
         Sterling Facility Loans denominated in Dollars or Euros with interest
         on such Sterling Facility Loans to be calculated and shared with the
         Lenders in a manner consistent with Section3 of the Credit Agreement.

                  (f) Distributions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
         stated in Section10.4 of the Credit Agreement, TransTechnology shall
         not from the date hereof until the Forbearance Termination Date declare
         or pay any dividends on or in respect of, or make any other
         Distributions on or in respect of, any shares of the capital stock of
         TransTechnology.
<PAGE>   5
                                     - 5 -


                  (g) Retention of Consultant; Financial Information.
         TransTechnology has engaged Carl Marks Consulting Group LLC as a
         consultant to work on behalf of TransTechnology and its Subsidiaries on
         the implementation of their strategic plans (the "Consultant").
         TransTechnology shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the
         Lenders, with the assistance of the Consultant, financial information
         regarding TransTechnology and its Subsidiaries required to permit the
         Lenders' evaluation of, among other things, the financial covenant
         levels to be applicable to the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, and
         which will include, but not be limited to, thirteen (13) week
         projections of weekly cash flow (including receipts, collections and
         disbursements) updated on a weekly basis.

                  (h) Independent Valuation. The Borrowers agree that (i) the
         Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have the right to retain a
         third party advisor to review and validate the financial information
         being provided to the Lenders by the Borrowers, (ii) the Administrative
         Agent and the Lenders shall have the right to retain a third party
         investment banker or appraiser to conduct a business evaluation of the
         assets of Borrowers and (iii) the Borrowers will cooperate with all
         reasonable requests of such advisors and investment banker or
         appraiser. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree that (A) they
         will consult with the Borrowers prior to retaining any third party
         advisor, investment banker or appraiser and (B) any third party
         advisor, investment banker or appraiser retained by them shall enter
         into reasonable and customary confidentiality agreements with the
         Borrowers.

                  (i) Expenses. The Borrowers shall pay or reimburse on demand
         the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders for all reasonable
         costs and expenses the Administrative Agent or such Lender incurs in
         connection with the negotiation, execution and delivery of the
         agreements and transactions contemplated by this Agreement or which
         otherwise are required to be paid under the Loan Documents, including
         without limitation any reasonable and customary fees and expenses
         incurred pursuant to Section3(h) hereof.

                  (j) Compliance with Loan Documents. The Borrowers and their
         Subsidiaries shall comply with all of the terms, covenants and
         provisions contained in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan
         Documents except as such terms, covenants and provisions are expressly
         modified by this Agreement upon the terms set forth herein.

                  (k) Delivery of Documents. As a condition to the Lenders
         allowing Limited to become a "Wholly-Owned Subsidiary Guarantor" as
         defined in the Senior Subordinated Loan Agreement, (i) the Borrowers
         shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, no later than April 6, 2001,
         the items set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, all of which shall be
         in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
         Agent and its counsel, and (ii) the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries
         shall not make Investments in Limited from the Effective Date through
         the Forbearance Termination Date in excess of $2,200,000.

                  (l) Further Assurances. The Borrowers and their Subsidiaries
         shall at any time and from time to time execute and deliver such
         further instruments
<PAGE>   6
                                     - 6 -


         and take such further action as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
         request to effect the purposes of this Agreement, the Credit Agreement
         and the other Loan Documents.

                  (m) Payments To Senior Subordinated Loans. The Lenders, the
         Administrative Agent, and the holders of the Senior Subordinated Loans
         shall continue to have all of the rights under and in connection with
         the Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement, dated as of August 29,
         2000, among the Administrative Agent, TransTechnology, and the
         Purchasers named therein.

                  (n) Event of Default; Extension of Forbearance. Any failure by
         any of the Borrowers or their Subsidiaries to comply with any provision
         of this Section3 applicable to such Borrower or Subsidiary, or any
         material breach by any of the Borrowers of any of their representations
         and warranties set forth in Section6 below, shall constitute an Event
         of Default; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
         stated in Section27 of the Credit Agreement, (i) any waiver of, or
         agreement to forbear from the exercise of remedies with respect to or
         from ceasing to make Loans and Letters of Credit available as a result
         of, any Event of Default arising as a result of any breach of
         Section3(b) or Section3(c) above, (ii) any extension of the Lenders'
         and the Administrative Agent's forbearance agreements set forth in
         Section1 above to end on any date following September 27, 2001, and
         (iii) any amendment to the provisions of this Section3(n) or of
         Section3(b) or Section3(c) above shall in any case require the written
         consent of Lenders holding at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent
         (66 2/3%) of the principal amount of the Revolving Credit Notes and the
         Term Notes, taken together, outstanding as of the effective date of any
         such waiver, agreement, extension or amendment.

         SECTION 4. WAIVER AGREEMENT. The Borrowers hereby agree to permanently
waive their rights under (a) Section7.3 of the Credit Agreement with regard to
any pledge of the share capital of Limited by TransTechnology or any of its
Subsidiaries, including but not limited to the pledge contained in the Charge
over Shares, dated June 30, 1995 (as amended), from TTSO Inc. in favor of the
Administrative Agent with respect to 65% of the share capital of Limited, and
(b) Section7.4 of the Credit Agreement with regard to the Deed of Guarantee and
Indemnity, dated June 30, 1995 (as amended), made by Limited in favor of the
Administrative Agent.

         SECTION 5. CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS. The effectiveness of this
Agreement shall be conditioned upon the satisfaction of the following conditions
precedent:

         SECTION 5.1. DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS.

         (a) This Agreement shall have been executed and delivered to the
Administrative Agent by each of the Borrowers, each of the Guarantors, and
Lenders holding at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the
principal amount of the Revolving Credit Notes and the Term Notes, taken
together.

         (b) The Company and the holders of all of the Senior Subordinated Loans
shall have executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent an agreement in
substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto.
<PAGE>   7
                                     - 7 -


         SECTION 5.2. LEGALITY OF TRANSACTION. No change in applicable law shall
have occurred as a consequence of which it shall have become and continue to be
unlawful on the date this Agreement is to become effective (a) for the
Administrative Agent or any Lender to perform any of its obligations under any
of the Loan Documents or (b) for any of the Borrowers to perform any of its
agreements or obligations under any of the Loan Documents.

         SECTION 5.3. PERFORMANCE. Each of the Borrowers shall have duly and
properly performed, complied with and observed in all material respects its
covenants, agreements and obligations contained in the Loan Documents required
to be performed, complied with or observed by it on or prior to the date this
Agreement is to become effective. Except for the Specified Defaults, no event
shall have occurred on or prior to the Effective Date, and be continuing, and no
condition shall exist on the Effective Date, which constitutes a Default or
Event of Default.

         SECTION 5.4. PROCEEDINGS AND DOCUMENTS. All corporate, governmental and
other proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and all instruments and documents incidental thereto shall be in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the
Administrative Agent shall have received all such counterpart originals or
certified or other copies of all such instruments and documents as the
Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested.

         SECTION 5.5. PAYMENT OF FORBEARANCE FEE. The payment in cash of the
Initial Forbearance Fee (as defined in Section10 below) to the Administrative
Agent on behalf of the Lenders.

         SECTION 6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each of the Borrowers hereby
represents and warrants to the Lenders as follows:

         (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 6(a) hereto, the representations
and warranties of such Borrower and of each Guarantor contained in the Credit
Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Borrower or Guarantor, as
the case may be, is a party were true and correct in all material respects when
made and continue to be true and correct in all material respects on the date
hereof, except that the financial statements and projections referred to in the
representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement shall be the
financial statements and projections of TransTechnology and its Subsidiaries
most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent, and except as such
representations and warranties are affected by the transactions contemplated
hereby;

         (b) The execution, delivery and performance by such Borrower of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby: (i) are
within the corporate powers of such Borrower and have been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate action on the part of such Borrower, (ii) do not require
any approval or consent of, or filing with, any governmental agency or
authority, or any other person, association or entity, which bears on the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement and which is required by law or any
regulation or rule of any agency or authority, or other person, association or
entity, (iii) do not violate any provisions of any order, writ, judgment,
injunction, decree, determination or award presently in
<PAGE>   8
                                     - 8 -


effect in which such Borrower is named, any law, regulation or rule binding on
or applicable to such Borrower or any provision of the charter documents or
by-laws of such Borrower, (iv) do not result in any breach of or constitute a
default under any agreement or instrument to which such Borrower is a party or
to which it or any of its properties are bound, including without limitation any
indenture, credit or loan agreement, lease, debt instrument or mortgage, except
for such breaches and defaults which would not have a material adverse effect on
such Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, and (v) do not result in or
require the creation or imposition of any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or
encumbrance of any nature upon any of the assets or properties of such Borrower;

         (c) This Agreement and the Credit Agreement constitute the legal, valid
and binding obligations of such Borrower, enforceable against such Borrower in
accordance with their respective terms, provided that (i) enforcement may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
similar laws of general application affecting the rights and remedies of
creditors, and (ii) enforcement may be subject to general principles of equity,
and the availability of the remedies of specific performance and injunctive
relief may be subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
for such remedies may be brought; and

         (d) As of the date hereof, no "Event of Default" under and as defined
in any instrument evidencing any Subordinated Debt has occurred.

         SECTION 7. REAFFIRMATION. Except as modified hereby, the Borrowers
hereby reaffirm in all respects all the covenants, agreements, terms and
conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents which are
incorporated in full herein by reference, and all terms, conditions and
provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.

         SECTION 8. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts and by each party on a separate counterpart, each of
which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one instrument. In proving this Agreement, it shall
not be necessary to produce or account for more than one such counterpart signed
by the party against whom enforcement is sought.

         SECTION 9. RELEASE. In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders to enter into this Agreement, each Borrower acknowledges and agrees
that: (i) no Borrower has any claim or cause of action against the
Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of its respective directors,
officers, employees or agents); (ii) no Borrower has any offset right,
counterclaim or defense of any kind against any of their respective obligations,
indebtedness or liabilities to the Administrative Agent or any Lender; and (iii)
each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders has heretofore properly
performed and satisfied in a timely manner all of its obligations to each
Borrower. The Borrowers wish to eliminate any possibility that any past
conditions, acts, omissions, events, circumstances or matters would impair or
otherwise adversely affect any of the Administrative Agent's and the Lenders'
rights, interests, contracts, collateral security or remedies. Therefore, each
Borrower unconditionally releases, waives and forever discharges (A) any and all
liabilities, obligations, duties, promises or indebtedness of any kind of the
Administrative Agent or any Lender to any
<PAGE>   9
                                     - 9 -


Borrower, except the obligations to be performed by the Administrative Agent or
any Lender on or after the date hereof as expressly stated in this Agreement,
the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (B) all claims, offsets,
causes of action, suits or defenses of any kind whatsoever (if any), whether
arising at law or in equity, whether known or unknown, which any Borrower might
otherwise have against the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of its
directors, officers, employees or agents, in either case (A) or (B), on account
of any condition, act, omission, event, contract, liability, obligation,
indebtedness, claim, cause of action, defense, circumstance or matter of any
kind existing as of the date hereof, or occurring prior to the date hereof.

         SECTION 10. FORBEARANCE FEE. In connection with the approval of this
Agreement, TransTechnology hereby agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for
the pro-rata benefit of each Lender (such amounts to be due and owing
irrespective of the occurrence of a Forbearance Termination Date):

                  (a)      A forbearance fee (the "Initial Forbearance Fee") on
                           the date hereof equal to one-quarter of one percent
                           (1/4%) of the Revolving Credit Commitment and the
                           then outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan;

                  (b)      An additional forbearance fee on June 27, 2001 equal
                           to one-quarter of one percent (1/4%) of the Revolving
                           Credit Commitment and the then outstanding principal
                           amount of the Term Loan if the Obligations are not
                           paid in full in cash and the Revolving Credit
                           Commitment of each of the Lenders shall have expired
                           or been reduced to zero on or prior to such date;

                  (c)      An additional forbearance fee on June 27, 2001 equal
                           to one-quarter of one percent (1/4%) of the Revolving
                           Credit Commitment and the then outstanding principal
                           amount of the Term Loan if the $50,000,000 Prepayment
                           shall not have occurred on or prior to such date; and

                  (d)      An additional forbearance fee on September 25, 2001
                           equal to one-quarter of one percent (1/4%) of the
                           Revolving Credit Commitment and the then outstanding
                           principal amount of the Term Loan if the Obligations
                           are not paid in full in cash and the Revolving Credit
                           Commitment of each of the Lenders shall have expired
                           or been reduced to zero on or prior to such date.

         SECTION 11. EFFECTIVE DATE. Subject to the satisfaction of the
conditions precedent set forth in Section 5 hereof, this Agreement shall be
deemed to be effective as of March 29, 2001 (the "Effective Date").

         SECTION 12. AMENDMENT NO. 3. Except with respect to amendments to the
Credit Agreement contained in Amendment No. 3, this Agreement supersedes the
Borrowers' obligations contained in Amendment No. 3.

                  [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
<PAGE>   10
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed this Forbearance
and Waiver Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date first set forth
above.

                                    TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION



                                    By:      /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Joseph F. Spanier
                                         Title:  Vice President, Treasurer & CFO



                                    TRANSTECHNOLOGY SEEGER-ORBIS GMBH



                                    By:      /s/Michael J. Berthelot
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Michael J. Berthelot
                                         Title:  Managing Director




                                    TRANSTECHNOLOGY (GB) LIMITED



                                    By:     /s/Michael J. Berthelot
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Michael J. Berthelot
                                         Title:  Director



                                    By:     /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Director





                                      S-1
<PAGE>   11
                                      FLEET NATIONAL BANK,
                                      individually, as Administrative Agent and
                                      as Sterling Fronting Bank


                                      By:      /s/Peggy Peckham
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Peggy Peckham
                                         Title:  Senior Vice President


                                      BHF-BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT,
                                      as DM Fronting Bank


                                      By:
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      By:
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                      ABN AMRO BANK N.V., individually
                                      and as Syndication Agent


                                      By:      /s/Parker H. Douglas
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Parker H. Douglas
                                         Title:  Group Vice President





                                      By:      /s/William J. Fitzgerald
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  William J. Fitzgerald
                                         Title:  Senior Vice President


                                      BANK ONE, NA, individually and as
                                      Documentation Agent



                                      By:      /s/Phillip D. Martin
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Phillip D. Martin
                                         Title:  First Vice President


                                       S-2
<PAGE>   12
                                      THE BANK OF NEW YORK



                                      By:      /s/Richard J. Baldwin
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Richard J. Baldwin
                                         Title:  Vice President


                                      KEY CORPORATE CAPITAL INC.



                                      By:      /s/Mark Kleinhaut
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Mark Kleinhaut
                                         Title:  Vice President


                                      THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA



                                      By:      /s/Brian Allen
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Brian Allen
                                         Title:  Managing Director


                                      COMERICA BANK



                                      By:      /s/Jeffrey E. Peck
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Jeffrey E. Peck
                                         Title:  Vice President

                                      DRESDNER BANK, AG, NEW YORK
                                      AND GRAND CAYMAN BRANCHES



                                      By:      /s/James M. Gallagher
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  James M. Gallagher
                                         Title:  First Vice President



                                      By:       /s/Thomas R. Brady
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Thomas R. Brady
                                         Title:  Vice President


                                       S-3
<PAGE>   13
                                      FLEET NATIONAL BANK, (successor by
                                      merger to Summit Bank)



                                      By:       /s/Peggy Peckham
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Peggy Peckham
                                         Title:  Senior Vice President









































                                       S-4
<PAGE>   14
The Guarantors under (and as defined in) the Subsidiary Guaranty hereby
acknowledge that they have read and are aware of the provisions of this
Agreement and hereby reaffirm their absolute and unconditional guaranty of the
Borrowers' payment and performance of their obligations to the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement as affected hereby.


                                      TRANSTECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                                      PALNUT FASTENERS, INC.



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                                      INDUSTRIAL RETAINING RING COMPANY



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                                      RETAINERS, INC.



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary








                                       S-5
<PAGE>   15
                                      RANCHO TRANSTECHNOLOGY
                                       CORPORATION



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                                      TRANSTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS & SERVICES, INC.



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                                      ELECTRONIC CONNECTIONS AND ASSEMBLIES,INC.



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                                      SSP INDUSTRIES



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                                      SSP INTERNATIONAL SALES, INC.



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary





                                       S-6
<PAGE>   16
                                      TRANSTECHNOLOGY SEEGER INC.



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                                      SEEGER INC.



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                                      TCR CORPORATION



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                                      AEROSPACE RIVET MANUFACTURERS CORPORATION



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                                      NORCO, INC.



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary







                                       S-7
<PAGE>   17
                                      ELLISON RING & WASHER INC.



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                                      TRANSTECHNOLOGY ENGINEERED
                                      COMPONENTS, LLC



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                                      TRANSTECHNOLOGY CANADA CORPORATION



                                      By:       /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President & Secretary






                                       S-8
<PAGE>   18
                                                                       Exhibit A
<PAGE>   19
                                                                       Exhibit B
<PAGE>   20
                                                                   Schedule 3(a)
                                                              Financial Covenant

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                Period                              Modified Consolidated EBITDA
                ------                              ----------------------------
    <S>                                             <C>
    April 1, 2001 through May 31, 2001                        $6,700,000
    April 1, 2001 through June 30, 2001                      $11,050,000
    April 1, 2001 through July 31, 2001                      $13,240,000
    April 1, 2001 through August 31, 2001                    $16,940,000
    April 1, 2001 through September 30, 2001                 $22,040,000
</TABLE>
<PAGE>   21
                                                                   Schedule 6(a)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.44
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>y50911ex10-44.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT AND AMENDMENT TO FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.44

                 CONSENT AND AMENDMENT TO FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT

         This CONSENT AND AMENDMENT TO FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT, dated as of June
25, 2001 (this "Agreement"), is by and among (a) TransTechnology Corporation
("TransTechnology"), TransTechnology Seeger-Orbis GmbH ("GmbH") and
TransTechnology (GB) Limited ("Limited", together with TransTechnology and GmbH,
the "Borrowers"), (b) Fleet National Bank ("FNB") and the other lending
institutions listed on Schedule 1 to the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter
defined) (collectively, the "Lenders"), (c) FNB, acting through its London
Branch, as Sterling Fronting Bank (the "Sterling Fronting Bank"), (d) BHF-BANK
Aktiengesellschaft, as DM Fronting Bank (the "DM Fronting Bank"; together with
the Sterling Fronting Bank, the "Fronting Banks"), (e) FNB, as issuing bank for
Letters of Credit (in such capacity, the "Issuing Bank"), and (f) FNB as
Administrative Agent for the Lenders, the Fronting Banks and the Issuing Bank
(in such capacity, the "Administrative Agent").

         WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Lenders, the Fronting Banks, the Issuing
Bank, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as Syndication Agent, Bank One, NA, as Documentation
Agent, and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Second Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 1995, and amended and
restated as of July 24, 1998, as further amended and restated as of August 31,
1999, as amended by that certain Consent and Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated as
of August 21, 2000, as further amended by that certain Amendment Agreement No. 2
dated as of December 29, 2000, and as further amended by that certain Amendment
Agreement No. 3 ("Amendment No. 3") dated as of January 31, 2001 (as so amended
and restated, the "Credit Agreement"). Capitalized terms used herein unless
otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit
Agreement;

         WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Forbearance and Waiver Agreement (the
"Forbearance Agreement") dated as of March 29, 2001, by and among the Borrowers,
the Lenders, the Fronting Banks, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and
the Administrative Agent agreed to forbear from (a) exercising their rights and
remedies under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to collect the
indebtedness of the Borrowers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under
the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (b) ceasing to make
Revolving Credit Loans or International Facility Loans or to issue, extend or
renew Letters of Credit;

         WHEREAS, in accordance with Section2 of the Forbearance Agreement, the
Borrowers have requested that the Lenders consent to the sale (the "Sale") of
the (i) Breeze Industrial Products Division of TransTechnology to Breeze
Industrial Products Corporation (a new entity being formed by a management group
led by Bob Tunno with Industrial Growth Partners), and (ii) Pebra Division of
GmbH to Breeze Pebra GmbH (a new entity being formed by a management group led
by Bob Tunno with Industrial Growth Partners) (the "Breeze Assets"); and
<PAGE>   2
         WHEREAS, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are willing to
consent to the Sale, but only on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, the parties
hereto hereby agree as follows:

         SECTION 1. CONSENT TO SALE. Subject to the satisfaction of the
conditions contained in Section3 hereof, the Lenders, the Fronting Banks, and
the Administrative Agent consent to the Sale and to release the Administrative
Agent's liens on the Breeze Assets so long as (a) the Net Cash Proceeds received
by the Borrowers in connection with the Sale (the "Sale Proceeds") are not less
than $45,000,000, (b) all documents (the "Sale Documents") relating to the Sale,
including, but not limited to any fairness opinions issued in connection with
the Sale, shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent, (c) all Sale Proceeds shall be applied immediately upon receipt first, to
pay in full the principal of the Term Loan and second, to prepay the Revolving
Credit Loans, DM Eurocurrency Loans or DM Overdraft Advances, and (d) the Sale
Proceeds are received not later than July 11, 2001. The Borrowers, the Lenders,
the Fronting Banks, and the Administrative Agent hereby agree that upon the
consummation of the Sale the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall be reduced
to $161,000,000 whereupon the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders shall
be reduced pro rata on such date in accordance with their respective Commitment
Percentages. The Lenders and the Fronting Banks authorize the Administrative
Agent to enter into appropriate release documents necessary in order to release
the Administrative Agent's liens on the Breeze Assets.

         SECTION 2. AMENDMENT TO FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT. (a) The Forbearance
Agreement is hereby amended with effect from the Effective Date of this
Agreement as follows:

                  (i) Section 3(e) of the Forbearance Agreement is amended by
         deleting the date "June 27, 2001" contained therein and substituting
         the date "July 11, 2001".

                  (ii) Schedule 6(a) of the Forbearance Agreement is deleted in
         its entirety and replaced with Schedule 6(a) attached hereto.

                  (iii) Section 10(b) and (c) of the Forbearance Agreement is
         amended by deleting each paragraph in its entirety and replacing them
         with the following new paragraphs:

                  "(b)     An additional forbearance fee equal to one-half of
                           one percent (1/2%) of the Revolving Credit Commitment
                           and the then outstanding principal amount of the Term
                           Loan (after giving effect to the payment of the Loans
                           if the payment is due in connection with the closing
                           of the Sale) on June 27, 2001;
<PAGE>   3
                                     - 3 -


                  (c)      Intentionally Omitted; and"

                  (iv) The Forbearance Agreement shall be deemed amended to
         include capitalized defined terms used in this Agreement to the extent
         not defined in the Forbearance Agreement.

         (b) The Forbearance Agreement is hereby amended with effect from the
closing date of the Sale (so long as the Sale occurs on or prior to July 11,
2001) as follows:

                  (i) Section 1 of the Forbearance Agreement is hereby amended
         by replacing the existing (iii) contained therein in its entirety with
         the phrase "(iii) intentionally omitted".

                  (ii) Schedule 3(a) of the Forbearance Agreement is deleted in
         its entirety and replaced with Schedule 3(a) attached hereto.

                  (iii) Section 3(a) of the Forbearance Agreement is amended by
         inserting at the end of the second sentence contained therein the
         following new proviso: ";provided, however, Modified Consolidated
         EBITDA for periods after June 1, 2001 shall not include any amounts
         relating to or otherwise attributed to the Breeze Assets."

                  (iv) Section 3(b) of the Forbearance Agreement is amended by
         (A) deleting the dollar amount "$162,500,000" contained in the first
         sentence thereof and replacing it with the dollar amount "$154,000,000"
         and (B) inserting at the end of thereof the following new sentence:
         "Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated in Section 3 of the
         Credit Agreement, Total DM Facility Usage shall not exceed the DM
         Equivalent at such time of $10,000,000 minus the amount of the DM
         Eurocurrency Loans and DM Overdraft Advances prepaid in connection with
         the Sale."

                  (v) Section 3(e) of the Forbearance Agreement is amended by
         deleting the phrase "(i) July 11, 2001 unless the $50,000,000
         Prepayment has occurred, and (ii) September 27, 2001 even if the
         $50,000,000 Prepayment has occurred" contained in the first sentence
         therein and replacing it with the phrase "September 27, 2001".

         SECTION 3. CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS. The effectiveness of this
Agreement shall be conditioned upon the satisfaction of the following conditions
precedent:

         SECTION 3.1. DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS, PAYOFF OF LOANS.

         (a) This Agreement shall have been executed and delivered to the
Administrative Agent by each of the Borrowers, each of the Guarantors, and the
requisite Lenders.

         (b) No later than the close of business on June 29, 2001, the
Administrative Agent shall have received from the Borrowers the signed purchase
and sale agreements related to the Breeze Assets located in the United
<PAGE>   4
                                     - 4 -


States which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent.

         SECTION 3.2. LEGALITY OF TRANSACTION. No change in applicable law shall
have occurred as a consequence of which it shall have become and continue to be
unlawful on the date this Agreement is to become effective (a) for the
Administrative Agent or any Lender to perform any of its obligations under any
of the Loan Documents or (b) for any of the Borrowers to perform any of its
agreements or obligations under any of the Loan Documents.

         SECTION 3.3. PERFORMANCE. Each of the Borrowers shall have duly and
properly performed, complied with and observed in all material respects its
covenants, agreements and obligations contained in the Loan Documents required
to be performed, complied with or observed by it on or prior to the date this
Agreement is to become effective. Except for the Specified Defaults (as defined
in the Forbearance Agreement), no event shall have occurred on or prior to the
Effective Date, and be continuing, and no condition shall exist on the Effective
Date, which constitutes a Default or Event of Default.

         SECTION 3.4. PROCEEDINGS AND DOCUMENTS. All corporate, governmental and
other proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and all instruments and documents incidental thereto shall be in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the
Administrative Agent shall have received all such counterpart originals or
certified or other copies of all such instruments and documents as the
Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested.

         SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each of the Borrowers hereby
represents and warrants to the Lenders as follows:

         (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 6(a) to the Forbearance Agreement,
the representations and warranties of such Borrower and of each Guarantor
contained in the Credit Agreement, the Forbearance Agreement and the other Loan
Documents to which such Borrower or Guarantor, as the case may be, is a party
were true and correct in all material respects when made and continue to be true
and correct in all material respects on the date hereof, except that the
financial statements and projections referred to in the representations and
warranties contained in the Credit Agreement shall be the financial statements
and projections of TransTechnology and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered
to the Administrative Agent, and except as such representations and warranties
are affected by the transactions contemplated hereby;

         (b) The execution, delivery and performance by such Borrower of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby: (i) are
within the corporate powers of such Borrower and have been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate action on the part of such Borrower, (ii) do not require
any approval or consent of, or filing with, any governmental agency or
authority, or any other person, association or entity, which bears on the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement and which is required by law or any
regulation or rule of any agency or authority, or other person, association
<PAGE>   5
                                     - 5 -


or entity, (iii) do not violate any provisions of any order, writ, judgment,
injunction, decree, determination or award presently in effect in which such
Borrower is named, any law, regulation or rule binding on or applicable to such
Borrower or any provision of the charter documents or by-laws of such Borrower,
(iv) do not result in any breach of or constitute a default under any agreement
or instrument to which such Borrower is a party or to which it or any of its
properties are bound, including without limitation any indenture, credit or loan
agreement, lease, debt instrument or mortgage, except for such breaches and
defaults which would not have a material adverse effect on such Borrower and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, and (v) do not result in or require the creation
or imposition of any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or encumbrance of any
nature upon any of the assets or properties of such Borrower;

         (c) This Agreement and the Credit Agreement constitute the legal, valid
and binding obligations of such Borrower, enforceable against such Borrower in
accordance with their respective terms, provided that (i) enforcement may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
similar laws of general application affecting the rights and remedies of
creditors, and (ii) enforcement may be subject to general principles of equity,
and the availability of the remedies of specific performance and injunctive
relief may be subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
for such remedies may be brought; and

         (d) As of the date hereof, no "Event of Default" under and as defined
in any instrument evidencing any Subordinated Debt has occurred.

         SECTION 5. REAFFIRMATION. Except as modified hereby, the Borrowers
hereby reaffirm in all respects all the covenants, agreements, terms and
conditions of the Credit Agreement, the Forbearance Agreement and the other Loan
Documents which are incorporated in full herein by reference, and all terms,
conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.

         SECTION 6. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts and by each party on a separate counterpart, each of
which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one instrument. In proving this Agreement, it shall
not be necessary to produce or account for more than one such counterpart signed
by the party against whom enforcement is sought.

         SECTION 7. RELEASE. In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders to enter into this Agreement, each Borrower acknowledges and agrees
that: (i) no Borrower has any claim or cause of action against the
Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of its respective directors,
officers, employees or agents); (ii) no Borrower has any offset right,
counterclaim or defense of any kind against any of their respective obligations,
indebtedness or liabilities to the Administrative Agent or any Lender; and (iii)
each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders has heretofore properly
performed and satisfied in a timely manner all of its obligations to each
Borrower. The Borrowers wish to eliminate any possibility that any past
conditions, acts, omissions, events, circumstances
<PAGE>   6
                                     - 6 -


or matters would impair or otherwise adversely affect any of the Administrative
Agent's and the Lenders' rights, interests, contracts, collateral security or
remedies. Therefore, each Borrower unconditionally releases, waives and forever
discharges (A) any and all liabilities, obligations, duties, promises or
indebtedness of any kind of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to any
Borrower, except the obligations to be performed by the Administrative Agent or
any Lender on or after the date hereof as expressly stated in this Agreement,
the Credit Agreement, the Forbearance Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
and (B) all claims, offsets, causes of action, suits or defenses of any kind
whatsoever (if any), whether arising at law or in equity, whether known or
unknown, which any Borrower might otherwise have against the Administrative
Agent, any Lender or any of its directors, officers, employees or agents, in
either case (A) or (B), on account of any condition, act, omission, event,
contract, liability, obligation, indebtedness, claim, cause of action, defense,
circumstance or matter of any kind existing as of the date hereof, or occurring
prior to the date hereof.

         SECTION 8. EFFECTIVE DATE. This Agreement shall be deemed to be
effective as of the date of satisfaction of the last conditions precedent set
forth inSection3 hereof (the "Effective Date").


                  [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
<PAGE>   7
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed this Consent and
Amendment to Forbearance Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date first
set forth above.

                                      TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION



                                      By:  /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Joseph F. Spanier
                                         Title:  Vice President, Treasurer & CFO



                                      TRANSTECHNOLOGY SEEGER-ORBIS GmbH



                                      By:  /s/Michael J. Berthelot
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Michael J. Berthelot
                                         Title:  Managing Director




                                      TRANSTECHNOLOGY (GB) LIMITED



                                      By:  /s/Michael J. Berthelot
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Michael J. Berthelot
                                         Title:  Director



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Director
<PAGE>   8
                                     - 2 -




                                      FLEET NATIONAL BANK,
                                      individually, as Administrative Agent and
                                      as Sterling Fronting Bank


                                      By:  /s/Peggy Peckham
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Peggy Peckham
                                         Title:  Senior Vice President


                                      BHF-BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT,
                                      as DM Fronting Bank

                                      By:  /s/Constanze Neumann
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Constanze Neumann
                                         Title:  Treasurer

                                      By:  /s/Andreas Herbert
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Andreas Herbert
                                         Title:  Assistant Treasurer


                                              ABN    AMRO   BANK   N.V.,
                                         individually and as Syndication Agent



                                      By:  /s/Parker Douglas
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Parker Douglas
                                         Title:  Group Vice President



                                      By:  /s/William J. Fitzgerald
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  William J. Fitzgerald
                                         Title:  Senior Vice President


                                      BANK ONE, NA, individually
                                      and as Documentation Agent



                                      By:  /s/Phillip D. Martin
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Phillip D. Martin
                                         Title:  Senior Vice President
<PAGE>   9
                                     - 3 -


                                      THE BANK OF NEW YORK



                                      By:  /s/Richard Baldwin
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Richard Baldwin
                                         Title:  Vice President


                                      KEY CORPORATE CAPITAL INC.



                                      By:  /s/Mark Kleinhaut
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Mark Kleinhaut
                                         Title:  Vice President


                                      THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA



                                      By:  /s/John W. Campbell
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  John W. Campbell
                                         Title:  Managing Director


                                      COMERICA BANK



                                      By:  /s/Jeffrey E. Peck
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Jeffrey E. Peck
                                         Title:  Vice President

                                      DRESDNER BANK, AG, NEW YORK
                                      AND GRAND CAYMAN BRANCHES



                                      By:  /s/James M. Gallagher
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  James M. Gallagher
                                         Title:  First Vice President



                                      By:  /s/Richard J. Sweeney
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Richard J. Sweeney
                                         Title:  Vice President
<PAGE>   10
                                     - 4 -


                                      FLEET NATIONAL BANK, (successor by
                                      merger to Summit Bank)



                                      By:  /s/Peggy Peckham
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Peggy Peckham
                                         Title:  Senior Vice President
<PAGE>   11
                                     - 5 -



The Guarantors under (and as defined in) the Subsidiary Guaranty hereby
acknowledge that they have read and are aware of the provisions of this
Agreement and hereby reaffirm their absolute and unconditional guaranty of the
Borrowers' payment and performance of their obligations to the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement as affected hereby.


                                      TRANSTECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary


                                      PALNUT FASTENERS, INC.



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary


                                      INDUSTRIAL RETAINING RING COMPANY



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary


                                      RETAINERS, INC.



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary
<PAGE>   12
                                     - 6 -





                                      RANCHO TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary


                                      TRANSTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS & SERVICES, INC.



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary


                                      ELECTRONIC CONNECTIONS AND ASSEMBLIES,INC.



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary


                                      SSP INDUSTRIES



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary


                                      SSP INTERNATIONAL SALES, INC.



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary
<PAGE>   13
                                     - 7 -



                                      TRANSTECHNOLOGY SEEGER INC.



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary


                                      SEEGER INC.



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary


                                      TCR CORPORATION



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary


                                      AEROSPACE RIVET MANUFACTURERS CORPORATION



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary


                                      NORCO, INC.



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary






                                      ELLISON RING & WASHER INC.



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary
<PAGE>   14
                                     - 8 -



                                      TRANSTECHNOLOGY ENGINEERED COMPONENTS, LLC



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary

                                      TRANSTECHNOLOGY CANADA CORPORATION



                                      By:  /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Gerald C. Harvey
                                         Title:  Vice President and Secretary
<PAGE>   15
                                                                   Schedule 3(a)
                                                              Financial Covenant

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             Period                                 Modified Consolidated EBITDA
             ------                                 ----------------------------
 <S>                                                <C>
 April 1, 2001 through May 31, 2001                           $6,700,000
 April 1, 2001 through June 30, 2001                         $10,400,000
 April 1, 2001 through July 31, 2001                         $12,300,000
 April 1, 2001 through August 31, 2001                       $15,500,000
 April 1, 2001 through September 30, 2001                    $20,000,000
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>y50911ex21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                      EXHIBIT 21



                           SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
                           ---------------------------
                 LISTED BELOW ARE THE WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES
                         OF TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Jurisdiction of
                                                                                      Incorporation
                                                                                      ---------------
<S>                                                                                   <C>
Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers Corporation                                               California
Anderton (Predecessors) Limited                                                         England
Electronic Connections and Assemblies, Inc.                                             Delaware
TTERUSA Inc.                                                                            New Jersey
NORCO, Inc.                                                                             Connecticut
Palnut Fasteners, Inc.                                                                  Delaware
Rancho TransTechnology Corporation                                                      California
Retainers, Inc.                                                                         New Jersey
Seeger Inc.                                                                             Delaware
Seeger-Orbis Beteiligungsgesellschaft GmbH                                              Germany
Seeger-Orbis GmbH & Co. OHG                                                             Germany
TransTechnology Brasil Ltda.                                                            Brazil
SSP Industries                                                                          California
SSP International Sales, Inc.                                                           California
TCR Corporation                                                                         Minnesota
TransTechnology (GB) Limited                                                            England
TransTechnology Acquisition Corporation                                                 Delaware
TransTechnology Aerospace, Inc.                                                         California
TransTechnology Australasia Pty. Ltd.                                                   Australia
TransTechnology International Corporation                                               Virgin Islands
TransTechnology Seeger Inc.                                                             Delaware
TransTechnology Seeger-Orbis GmbH                                                       Germany
TransTechnology Systems & Services, Inc.                                                Michigan
TransTechnology Canada Corporation                                                      Ontario, Canada
TransTechnology Engineered Components, LLC                                              Delaware
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
