-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 JC+Ts+ipB24gWSqyavZPRz7lNlyt+CTSBw8SFocnXJsxl9LmS/mMh0R9PQ/0wt8A
 hd2oseoRdliLk++wtMsGuw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950123-02-006573.txt : 20020627
<SEC-HEADER>0000950123-02-006573.hdr.sgml : 20020627
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20020627160225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950123-02-006573
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20020331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20020627

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000099359
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CUTLERY, HANDTOOLS & GENERAL HARDWARE [3420]
		IRS NUMBER:				954062211
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07872
		FILM NUMBER:		02689368

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 ALLEN RD
		CITY:			LIBERTY CORNER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07938
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9089031600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 ALLEN RD
		CITY:			LIBERTY CORNER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07938

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPACE ORDNANCE SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19740717
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>y61813e10vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                  FORM 10-K

(MARK ONE)

[ X ]    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED]

                   For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002
                                      OR

[   ]    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]

         For the transition period from ____________ to ____________

                        Commission file number 1-7872

                         TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)



<TABLE>
<S>                                           <C>
                Delaware                           95-4062211
     (State or other jurisdiction of            (I.R.S. employer
     incorporation or organization)            identification no.)
             150 Allen Road                           07938
       Liberty Corner, New Jersey                  (Zip Code)
(Address of principal executive offices)
</TABLE>


      Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (908) 903-1600

         Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                        Common Stock, par value $0.01
                               (Title of class)

                           New York Stock Exchange
                    (Name of exchange on which registered)

         Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                                     NONE

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                                    Yes   X     No
                                        -----      -----

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

     As of June 20, 2002, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant based on the last sales price as reported by
the New York Stock Exchange on such date was $63,590,699.  (See Item 12)

     As of June 20, 2002, the registrant had 6,190,866 shares of Common Stock
outstanding.

                     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     The registrant's Annual Report for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002
is incorporated by reference into Part I and II hereof.

     The registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2002 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders is incorporated by reference into Part III hereof.


<PAGE>
                                    PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS.

GENERAL

         TransTechnology Corporation develops, manufactures and sells products
primarily used in the aerospace industry. TransTechnology Corporation was
originally organized in 1962 as a California corporation and reincorporated in
Delaware in 1986. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the
"Company" or the "Registrant" refer to TransTechnology Corporation (including
the California corporation prior to the reincorporation) and its consolidated
subsidiaries. The Company's fiscal year ends on March 31. Accordingly, all
references to years in this report refer to the fiscal year ended March 31 of
the indicated year.


RESTRUCTURING

         On January 19, 2001, the Company announced its intention to
restructure and divest its cold-headed products (TCR), retaining ring
(Seeger-Orbis, TransTechnology (GB), TT Brasil, and TransTechnology Engineered
Rings USA), hose clamp (Breeze Industrial and Pebra) and aerospace rivet
(Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers Corp.) operations. In addition, on April 12,
2001, the Company announced that it would divest TransTechnology Engineered
Components (TTEC), a manufacturer of spring steel engineered fasteners and
headlight adjusters. For business segment reporting purposes, these
above-mentioned business units have previously been classified as the
"Specialty Fasteners Segment." The Company has reclassified these business
units as discontinued operations.

         On July 10, 2001, the Company sold its Breeze Industrial and Pebra
hose clamp businesses to Industrial Growth Partners and members of Breeze
Industrial's management for $46.2 million, which was paid in cash. In a
related transaction, the Company sold the real estate occupied by Breeze
Industrial to a quasi-governmental organization for $2.0 million. Proceeds
from the sale were used to repay borrowings outstanding under the company's
Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with Fleet National Bank and the
other lenders therein (the "Credit Facility").

         On December 5, 2001, the Company sold its TransTechnology Engineered
Components ("TTEC") businesses to a company formed by affiliates of Kohlberg &
Company, L.L.C. for $98.5 million, of which $96 million was cash and the
balance the assumption of certain liabilities related to the purchased
businesses. The cash proceeds of the sale were used to repay borrowings
outstanding under the Credit Facility. In the fiscal quarter ended September
30, 2001, as part of its restructuring program, the Company reported a pre-tax
asset impairment charge for TTEC in the amount of $85.8 million to reduce the
carrying value of these businesses to estimated fair market value. This
non-cash charge was specifically related to the write-down of goodwill. The
sale proceeds of TTEC approximated its adjusted carrying value.

         On February 21, 2002, the Company sold its Seeger-Orbis retaining
ring business in Germany to Barnes Group Inc. for $20.0 million cash. The net
proceeds of the sale were used to repay borrowings outstanding under the
Credit Facility. The balance sheet of the Company contains a non-current asset
and a non-current liability in the amount of $3.1 million relating to the
pension plan of Seeger-Orbis. These amounts represent the legal liability of
the Company under German law and the indemnification received from the buyer
of the business for that liability.


                                      1

<PAGE>

         On April 16, 2002, the Company sold its Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers
Corporation subsidiary to Allfast Fastening Systems, Inc. for $3.2 million
cash. The net proceeds of the sale were used to repay borrowings outstanding
under the Credit Facility.

         On May 30, 2002, the Company sold substantially all of the assets and
business of its domestic retaining ring business, TransTechnology Engineered
Rings Inc. (USA), to a newly formed entity controlled by SeaView Capital LLC
for $3.7 million, of which $2.9 million was cash and $.8 million was a
promissory note. The company also received warrants to purchase 5% of the
purchaser's equity.

         As of June 21, 2002, the Company continues to own and operate TCR
Inc., its cold-heading and screw machine operation, TransTechnology (GB) Ltd.,
its UK retaining ring business, and TransTechnology Brasil Ltda., its
Brazilian retaining ring operation. Each of these companies is held for sale
and their operations are included in discontinued operations for all of the
periods included in this report.


CORE BUSINESS

         As a result of the above referenced restructuring program,
TransTechnology Corporation's core business area is aerospace products.

         The company conducts its aerospace business through its
Breeze-Eastern division and its Norco, Inc. (Norco) subsidiary. Breeze-Eastern
and Norco are the world's leading designers and manufacturers of sophisticated
helicopter rescue hoists, cargo winches, cargo hook systems, mechanical
components such as hold open rods, and application-specific mechanical and
linear motion systems. These products are sold primarily to military and
civilian agencies and aerospace contractors.


PRODUCTS

         The Company's aerospace products are designed, developed and
manufactured by Breeze-Eastern and Norco. Breeze-Eastern specializes in the
design, development and manufacture of sophisticated lifting and restraining
products, principally helicopter rescue hoists, reeling machines and external
hook systems. In addition, Breeze-Eastern designs, develops and manufactures
winches and hoists for aircraft cargo and weapon-handling systems with
applications ranging from cargo handling on fixed-wing aircraft to hoisting
weapons into position on carrier based aircraft. Management believes that
Breeze-Eastern is the industry market share leader in sales of
personnel-rescue hoists and cargo hook equipment. As a pioneer of helicopter
hoist technology, Breeze-Eastern continues to develop sophisticated helicopter
hoist systems, including systems for the current generation of Seahawk,
Chinook, Dolphin, Merlin and Super Stallion helicopters. Breeze-Eastern also
supplies equipment for the United States, Japanese and European
Multiple-Launch Rocket Systems which use two specialized hoists to load and
unload rocket pod containers. Breeze-Eastern's external cargo-lift hook
systems are original equipment on most helicopters manufactured today. These
hook systems range from small 1,000-pound capacity models up to the largest
36,000-pound capacity hooks employed on the Super Stallion helicopter.
Breeze-Eastern also manufactures aircraft and cargo tie-downs. Norco designs,
develops and manufactures mechanical components and systems such as hold open
rods, quick connect/disconnect locking systems, helicopter blade restraint
systems, latch assemblies, safety locks and application-specific mechanical
systems. Its power transmission line of products includes rollnuts, rollnut
longspan assemblies, ball reversers, ball oscillators, Flennor assemblies and
other application-specific linear motion assemblies. Power transmission
products are used in a wide range of commercial and industrial applications,
including medical testing equipment and manufacturing equipment for use in the
paper, pulp, and textile industries.


                                      2

<PAGE>

         Breeze-Eastern and Norco sell their products through internal
marketing representatives and several independent sales representatives and
distributors.

         The Aerospace Product backlog varies substantially from time to time
due to the size and timing of orders. At March 31, 2002, the backlog of
unfilled orders was $43.7 million, compared to $40.2 million at March 31,
2001. The majority of the March 31, 2002 backlog is expected to be shipped
during fiscal 2003.


DEFENSE INDUSTRY SALES

         Approximately 43% of the Company's consolidated net sales in 2002, as
compared to 40% and 37% in 2001 and 2000, respectively, were derived from
sales to the United States Government, principally the military services of
the Department of Defense and its prime contractors. These contracts typically
contain precise performance specifications and are subject to customary
provisions which give the United States Government the contractual right of
termination for convenience. In the event of termination for convenience,
however, the Company is typically protected by provisions allowing
reimbursement for costs incurred as well as payment of any applicable fees or
profits.


ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

         Due primarily to Federal and State legislation which imposes
liability, regardless of fault, upon commercial product manufacturers for
environmental harm caused by chemicals, processes and practices that were
commonly and lawfully used prior to the enactment of such legislation, the
Company may be liable for all or a portion of the environmental clean-up costs
at sites previously owned or leased by the Company (or corporations acquired
by the Company). The Company's contingencies associated with environmental
matters are described in Note 12 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements" included in the Company's 2002 Annual Report on page 20 which is
incorporated herein by reference.


COMPETITION

         The Company's businesses compete in some markets with entities that
are larger and have substantially greater financial and technical resources
than the Company. Generally, competitive factors include design capabilities,
product performance, delivery and price. The Company's ability to compete
successfully in such markets will depend on its ability to develop and apply
technological innovations and to expand its customer base and product lines.
The Company is successfully doing so both internally and through acquisitions.
There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to successfully
compete in any or all of the businesses discussed above. The failure of the
Company to compete in more than one of these businesses could have a
materially adverse effect on the Company's profitability.


                                      3


<PAGE>


RAW MATERIALS

         The various components and raw materials used by the Company to
produce its products are generally available from more than one source. In
those instances where only a single source for any material is available, such
items can generally be redesigned to accommodate materials made by other
suppliers. In some cases, the Company stocks an adequate supply of the single
source materials for use until a new supplier can be approved. The Company's
business is not dependent upon a single supplier or a few suppliers, the loss
of which would have a materially adverse effect on the Company's consolidated
financial position.


EMPLOYEES

         As of June 17, 2002, the Company employed 841 people. There were 286
persons employed with the aerospace products operations, 9 with the corporate
office, and 546 in businesses held for sale.


FOREIGN OPERATIONS AND SALES

         The company has no foreign-based facilities used in its continuing
operations. The Company had export sales of $26.9 million, $24.9 million and
$24.0 million in fiscal 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively, representing 37%,
35% and 39% of the Company's consolidated net sales in each of those years,
respectively. The risk and profitability attendant to these sales is generally
comparable to similar products sold in the United States. Net export sales by
geographic area and domicile of customers are set forth in the 2002 Annual
Report in Note 13 of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" on page 20
and is incorporated herein by reference.

                                      4



<PAGE>


ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

         The following table sets forth certain information concerning the
Company's principal facilities for its continuing operations:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Owned or
         Location                     Use of Premises                           Leased              Sq. Ft
         --------                     ---------------                         ----------            ------
<S>                                  <C>                                     <C>                   <C>
Liberty Corner, New Jersey            Executive Offices                         Leased               13,000



Union, New Jersey                     Breeze-Eastern offices                    Owned               188,000
                                      and manufacturing plant

Ridgefield, Connecticut               Norco, Inc. offices and                   Owned                35,000
                                      manufacturing plant

</TABLE>

        The Company believes that such facilities are suitable and adequate
for the Company's foreseeable needs and that additional space, if necessary,
will be available. The Company continues to own or lease property that it no
longer needs in its operations. These properties are located in California,
Pennsylvania, New York, and New Jersey. In some instances, the properties are
leased or subleased and in nearly all instances these properties are for sale
or are under contract for sale. In addition, the company owns or leases
property that is used in businesses held for sale in Spain, France, England,
Brazil and Minnesota.

        The lease on the Company's Executive Offices expires in August 2002 at
which time the Executive Offices will be relocated into the Company's facility
in Union, New Jersey.


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

        The information required has been included in Note 12 of "Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements" included in the Company's 2002 Annual
Report on page 20 and is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

        No matters were submitted to a vote of the Company's security holders
during the three-month period ended March 31, 2002.

                                      5

<PAGE>


                                   PART II


ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

        The Company's Common Stock, par value $0.01, is traded on the New York
Stock Exchange under the symbol TT. The following table sets forth the range
of high and low closing sales prices of shares of the Company's Common Stock
for the calendar quarters indicated, as reported by the New York Stock
Exchange.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       High                Low
<S>                                <C>                 <C>
         Fiscal 2001
             First Quarter          $  14.69             $  8.44
             Second Quarter            11.37                6.12
             Third Quarter              7.31                2.87
             Fourth Quarter             6.75                3.75

         Fiscal 2002
             First Quarter          $   9.02             $  5.00
             Second Quarter            14.79                8.60
             Third Quarter             13.50                9.60
             Fourth Quarter            10.20                8.90
</TABLE>


        As of June 20, 2002, the number of stockholders of record of the
Common Stock was 1,731. On June 20, 2002, the closing sales price of the
Common Stock was $11.20 per share.

        The Company paid a regular quarterly dividend of $0.065 per share on
June 1, September 1 and December 1, 2000. On January 19, 2001, the Company
announced the suspension of its regular quarterly dividend.


ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

        The information required has been included in the Company's 2002
Annual Report on page 1 and is incorporated herein by reference.


                                      6

<PAGE>


ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
         RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

        The information required has been included in the Company's 2002
Annual Report on pages 22-28 and is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

        The information required has been included in the Company's 2002
Annual Report on page 28 and is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

        Financial Statements: The information required has been included in
        the Company's 2002 Annual Report on pages 7-21 and is incorporated
        herein by reference.

        Quarterly Financial Data: The information required has been included
        in Note 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the
        Company's 2002 Annual Report on page 21 and is incorporated herein by
        reference.

        Financial Statement Schedules:

                  Schedule II --

                  Consolidated Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for years
                  ended March 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.

                  Schedules referenced in Article 5 of Regulation S-X, other
                  than that listed above, are not required and have been
                  omitted.


ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         None.



                                      7


<PAGE>


                                   PART III


ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         The information required by this item is contained in the
Registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2002 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and
is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         The information required by this item is contained in the
Registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2002 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and
is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

         Certain of the information required by this item is contained in the
Registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2002 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and
is incorporated herein by reference.

         For purposes of the calculation of the aggregate market value of
voting stock held by non-affiliates, the Company has assumed that the shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned by Dr. Arch C. Scurlock are not held by an
affiliate of the Company.

        SECURITIES AUTHORIZED/ISSUED UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   Number of Securities to     Weighted Average Exercise
                                   be Issued Upon Exercise       Price of Outstanding             Number of Securities
                                   of Outstanding Options,      Options, Warrants and             Remaining Available
         Plan Category             Warrants and Rights                  Rights                    for Future Issuance
         -------------             -----------------------     -------------------------          --------------------
<S>                               <C>                         <C>                                <C>
Equity Compensation Plans
Approved by Security Holders               540,547                         $16.30                         809,453

Equity Compensation Plans Not
Approved by Security Holders (1)                 0                             --                              --
                                         -------------               -------------                   -------------

Total                                      540,547                         $16.30                         809,453
                                         =============               =============                   =============
</TABLE>

(1) Each of the Company's compensation plans have been previously approved by
security holders.


ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         The information required by this item is contained in the
Registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2002 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and
is incorporated herein by reference.


                                      8


<PAGE>


                                   PART IV


ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)  Financial Statements, Schedules and Exhibits:

         1.       Financial Statements:

                  Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2002 and 2001

                  Statements of Consolidated Operations for the years ended
                  March 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000

                  Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows for the years ended
                  March 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000

                  Statements of Consolidated Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)
                  for the years ended March 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000

                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                  Independent Auditors' Report

         2.       Financial Statement Schedules

                  Schedule II - Consolidated Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
                  for the years ended March 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000

         3.       Exhibits:

                  The exhibits listed on the accompanying Index to Exhibits
are filed as part of this report.


(b)  Reports on Form 8-K:

                  1.   On February 19, 2002 the Registrant filed
                       an amended 8-K including the Pro Forma
                       Financial Statements regarding the
                       disposition of its Engineered Components
                       division.

                  2.   On March 8, 2002 the Registrant filed an
                       8-K to report the closing of the
                       disposition of its wholly-owned
                       subsidiary, Seeger-Orbis GmbH & Co., OHG.


                                      9


<PAGE>


                                  SIGNATURES


         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


Date:  June 21, 2002

                               TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION




                               By:  /s/Michael J. Berthelot
                                    -------------------------------------
                                      Michael J. Berthelot,
                                      Chairman of the Board, President
                                       and Chief Executive Officer



                                      10


<PAGE>


                  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   Signature                                          Title                                 Date
   ---------                                          -----                                 ----
<S>                              <C>
/s/Michael J. Berthelot            Chairman of the Board, President                     June 21, 2002
- ----------------------------        and Chief Executive Officer
MICHAEL J. BERTHELOT               (Principal Executive Officer)



/s/Joseph F. Spanier               Vice President, Chief Financial Officer              June 21, 2002
- ----------------------------       and Treasurer
JOSEPH F. SPANIER                  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)



/s/Daniel Abramowitz               Director                                             June 21, 2002
- ----------------------------
DANIEL ABRAMOWITZ


/s/Gideon Argov                    Director                                             June 21, 2002
- ----------------------------
GIDEON ARGOV


/s/Walter Belleville               Director                                             June 21, 2002
- ----------------------------
WALTER BELLEVILLE


/s/Thomas V. Chema                 Director                                             June 21, 2002
- ----------------------------
THOMAS V. CHEMA


/s/John H. Dalton                  Director                                             June 21, 2002
- ----------------------------
JOHN H. DALTON


/s/Michel Glouchevitch             Director                                             June 21, 2002
- ----------------------------
MICHEL GLOUCHEVITCH


/s/James A. Lawrence               Director                                             June 21, 2002
- ----------------------------
JAMES A. LAWRENCE


/s/Jan Naylor Cope                 Director                                             June 21, 2002
- ----------------------------
JAN NAYLOR COPE


/s/William J. Recker               Director                                             June 21, 2002
- ----------------------------
WILLIAM J. RECKER
</TABLE>


                                      11

<PAGE>



INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of TransTechnology Corporation:


We have audited the consolidated financial statements of TransTechnology
Corporation and subsidiaries as of March 31, 2002 and 2001, and for each of
the three years in the period ended March 31, 2002, and have issued our report
thereon dated June 14, 2002; such consolidated financial statements and report
are included in your 2002 Annual Report and are incorporated herein by
reference. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule of
TransTechnology Corporation, listed in Item 14. This financial statement
schedule is the responsibility of the Corporation's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits. In our opinion,
such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all
material respects the information set forth therein.





/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Parsippany, New Jersey
June 14, 2002


                                      12

<PAGE>


                         TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

                                 SCHEDULE II

                CONSOLIDATED VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                FOR YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000

                                (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    BALANCE AT           CHARGED TO         CHARGED TO                             BALANCE
                                   BEGINNING OF          COSTS AND            OTHER                                  AT END
    DESCRIPTION                       PERIOD              EXPENSES           ACCOUNTS          DEDUCTIONS          OF PERIOD
    -------------------------     -----------------    ---------------    ---------------     -----------------    -----------
<S>                               <C>                  <C>                <C>                 <C>                  <C>
    2002
    ----

    Allowances for
    doubtful accounts
    and sales returns              $        30          $      369         $           -       $         8         $       391

                                                                                                       400
    Inventory reserves             $     2,044          $      716         $           -       $                   $     2,360


    Environmental                                                                                      355
    reserves                       $     2,440          $      163         $           -       $                   $     2,248


    Allowance for tax
    loss valuation                 $     9,646          $    4,857         $           -       $         -         $    14,503


    2001
    ----

    Allowances for
    doubtful accounts
    and sales returns              $        86          $       27         $           -       $        83         $        30


    Inventory reserves             $     1,740          $      541         $           -       $       237
237
237         $     2,044


    Environmental
    reserves                       $     1,914          $    1,158         $           -       $       632         $     2,440


    Allowance for tax
    loss valuation                 $         -          $    9,646         $           -       $         -         $     9,646


    2000
    ----

    Allowances for
    doubtful accounts
    and sales returns              $        26          $       83         $           -       $        23         $        86


    Inventory reserves             $     1,857          $      211         $           -       $       328         $     1,740


    Environmental
    reserves                       $     2,140          $      201         $           -       $       427         $     1,914


    Allowance for tax
    loss valuation                 $         -          $        -         $           -       $         -         $         -

</TABLE>


                                      13

<PAGE>




                              INDEX TO EXHIBITS



3.1           Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. (1)

3.2           Bylaws of the Company Amended and Restated as of June 4, 2001.
              (18)

10.1          1996 - 1998 Incentive Compensation Plan of the Company. (10)

10.2          Amended and Restated 1992 Long Term Incentive Plan of the
              Company. (2)

10.3          Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement. (2)

10.4          Form of Director Stock Option Agreement. (3)

10.5          Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement used under the
              Company's Amended and Restated 1992 Long Term Incentive Plan.
              (4)

10.6          Indemnification Agreement dated February 11, 1987 between the
              Company and each of its officers and directors. (5)

10.7          Executive Life Insurance Plan. (6)

10.8          Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 1995
              and amended and restated as of July 24, 1998 between the Company
              and BankBoston, N.A. (13)

10.9          Amendment Agreement No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Credit
              Agreement dated as of August 21, 1998 between the Company and
              BankBoston, N.A. (13)

10.10         Amendment Agreement No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Credit
              Agreement dated as of November 27, 1998 between the Company and
              BankBoston, N.A. (13)

10.11         Amendment Agreement No. 3 to the Amended and Restated Credit
              Agreement dated as of December 23, 1998 between the Company and
              BankBoston, N.A. (13)

10.14         Form of Executive Severance Agreement with Officers of the
              Company. (10)

10.15         Form of Executive Severance Agreement with Subsidiary
              Presidents. (10)

10.16         Form of Executive Severance Agreement with Division Presidents.
              (10)

10.17         Form of Executive Severance Agreement with Overseas Subsidiary
              Managing Directors. (10)

10.18         Form of First Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
              Officers of the Company. (11)

10.19         Form of First Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
              Subsidiary Presidents. (11)

10.20         Form of First Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
              Division Presidents. (11)

10.21         Form of First Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
              Overseas Subsidiary Managing Directors. (11)

10.22         Form of Second Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
              Officers of the Company. (18)

10.23         Form of Second Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
              Subsidiary Presidents. (18)

10.24         Form of Second Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
              Division Presidents. (18)

10.25         Form of Second Amendment to Executive Severance Agreement with
              Overseas Subsidiary Managing Directors. (18)


                                      14

<PAGE>

10.26         Consulting Agreement with John Dalton. (13)

10.27         1999-2001 Incentive Compensation Plan of the Company. (13)

10.28         1998 Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan of the Company.
              (12)

10.29         Form of Stock Option Agreement used under the Company's 1998
              Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan. (13)

10.30         1999 Long Term Incentive Plan of the Company. (13)

10.31         Form of Stock Option Agreement used under the Company's 1999
              Long Term Incentive Plan. (15)

10.32         Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement used under the
              Company's 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan. (15)

10.33         Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June
              30, 1995, amended and restated as of July 24, 1998 and further
              amended and restated as of as of August 31, 1999 among
              TransTechnology Corporation, TransTechnology Seeger-Orbis GmbH,
              TransTechnology (GB) Limited, The Lenders referred to therein,
              BankBoston, N.A., acting through its London Branch, as Sterling
              Fronting Bank, BHF-Bank Aktiengesellschaft, as DM Fronting Bank,
              ABN AMRO Bank, N.V., as Syndication Agent, The First National
              Bank of Chicago, as Documentation Agent and BankBoston, N.A. as
              Administrative Agent and Issuing Bank. (14)

10.34         Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of August 29, 2000 by and
              among TransTechnology Corporation;  J.H. Whitney Mezzanine Fund,
              L.P.;  Albion Alliance Mezzanine Fund I, L.P.; Albion Alliance
              Mezzanine Fund II, L.P.;  the Equitable Life Assurance Society
              of the United States;  Fleet Corporate Finance, Inc.;  and
              Citizens Capital, Inc. (16)

10.35 (i)     Warrant dated as of August 29, 2000 issued by TransTechnology
              Corporation to J.H. Whitney Mezzanine Fund, L.P. for 171,041
              shares of TransTechnology common stock. (16)

10.35 (ii)    Schedule of other substantially similar warrants issued by
              TransTechnology Corporation to other Purchasers under the
              Securities Purchase Agreement. (16)

10.36         Registration Rights Agreement dated as of August 29, 2000 by and
              among TransTechnology Corporation and the Purchasers referred to
              therein. (16)

10.37         Subordinated Indebtedness Intercreditor Agreement dated as of
              August 29, 2000 among TransTechnology Corporation, the Existing
              Guarantors named therein, and the Purchasers referred to
              therein. (16)

10.38         Consent and Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated as of August 21,
              2000 to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit
              Agreement dated as June 30, 1995, and amended and restated as of
              July 24, 1998, and as further amended and restated as of August
              31, 1999, by and among TransTechnology Corporation,
              TransTechnology Seeger-Orbis GmbH and TransTechnology (GB)
              Limited; Fleet National Bank and other Lenders referred to
              within; Fleet National Bank, acting through its London Branch as
              Sterling Fronting Bank; BHF-BANK Aktiengesellschaft, as DM
              Fronting Bank; ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as Syndication Agent; Bank
              One, NA (formerly known as the First National Bank of Chicago),
              as Documentation Agent and Fleet National Bank as Issuing Bank
              and Administrative Agent. (16)

10.39         Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement dated as of August 29,
              2000 among Fleet National Bank, as administrative agent for the
              Lenders as defined therein, TransTechnology Corporation, and the
              Purchasers referred to therein. (16)

10.40         Indemnification Agreement dated January 13, 2000 between the
              Company and each of its officers and directors. (15)


                                      15

<PAGE>

10.41         Amendment Agreement No. 2 to the Second Amended and Restated
              Credit Agreement dated as of December 29, 2000 between the
              Company and Fleet National Bank and the other Lenders referred
              to therein. (17)

10.42         Amendment Agreement No. 3 to the Second Amended and Restated
              Credit Agreement dated as of January 31, 2001 between the
              Company and Fleet National Bank and the other Lenders referred
              to therein. (17)

10.43         Forbearance and Waiver Agreement dated as of March 29, 2001
              between the Company, Fleet National Bank and the other Lenders
              referred to therein. (18)

10.44         Consent and Amendment to Forbearance Agreement of Fleet National
              Bank and the other Lenders referred to therein dated June 25,
              2001. (18)

10.45         Consent and Amendment No. 2 to Forbearance Agreement of Fleet
              National Bank and the other Lenders referred to therein dated
              September 27, 2001. (19)

10.46         Amended and Restated Share and Limited Liability Company
              Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of August
              23,2001, between Registrant and KTIN Acquisition, LLC (20)

10.47         Consent, Amendment Agreement No. 4 to Credit Agreement and
              Amendment No. 3 to Forbearance Agreement dated as of December 4,
              2001 among the Company, its Senior Lenders and Fleet National
              Bank, as Administrative Agent. (21)

10.48         Consent, Amendment Agreement No. 5 to Credit Agreement and
              Amendment No. 4 to Forbearance Agreement dated as of January 31,
              2002 among the Company, its Senior Lenders and Fleet National
              Bank, as Administrative Agent. (21)

10.49         Amendment No. 5 to Forbearance Agreement dated as of March 27,
              2002 among the Registrant, its Senior Lenders and Fleet National
              Bank, as Administrative Agent.

10.50         Consent, Amendment Agreement No. 6 to Credit Agreement and
              Amendment No. 6 to Forbearance Agreement dated as of April 3,
              2002  among the Registrant, its Senior Lenders and Fleet
              National bank, as Administrative Agent.

13            Annual Report to Security Holders for the Fiscal Year ended
              March 31, 2002

21            List of Subsidiaries of the Company.

- ---------------------


(1)           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Form 8-A
              Registration Statement No. 2-85599 dated February 9, 1987.

(2)           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Registration
              Statement on Form S-8 No. 333-45059 dated January 28, 1998.

(3)           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on
              Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1995.

(4)           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on
              Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1994.

(5)           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on
              Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1987.

(6)           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on
              Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1989.

(7)           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 8-K
              filed on July 14, 1995.

                                      16

<PAGE>


(8)           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on
              Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1996.

(9)           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 8-K
              filed on April 29, 1997.

(10)          Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on
              Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1997.

(11)          Incorporated by reference from the Company's Quarterly Report on
              Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended December 27, 1998.

(12)          Incorporated by reference from the Company's Registration
              Statement on Form S-8 No. 333-70877 dated January 20, 1999.

(13)          Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on
              Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 1999.

(14)          Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 8-K
              filed on November 12, 1999.

(15)          Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on
              Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2000.

(16)          Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 8-K
              filed on September 14, 2000.

(17)          Incorporated by reference from the Company's Quarterly Report on
              Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended December 31, 2000.

(18)          Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on
              Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2001.

(19)          Incorporated by reference from the Company's Quarterly Report on
              Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2001.

(20)          Incorporated by reference from the Company's Current Report on
              Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2001.

(21)          Incorporated by reference from the Company's Quarterly Report on
              Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended December 31, 2001.



                                      17


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.49
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>y61813exv10w49.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 10.49


                    AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT

      This AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT, dated as of March 27, 2002
(this "Agreement"), is by and among (a) TransTechnology Corporation
("TransTechnology"), TransTechnology Seeger-Orbis GmbH ("GmbH") and
TransTechnology (GB) Limited ("Limited", together with TransTechnology and GmbH,
the "Borrowers"), (b) Fleet National Bank ("FNB") and the other lending
institutions listed on Schedule 1 to the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter
defined) (collectively, the "Lenders"), (c) FNB, acting through its London
Branch, as Sterling Fronting Bank (the "Sterling Fronting Bank"), (d) FNB, as
issuing bank for Letters of Credit (in such capacity, the "Issuing Bank"), and
(e) FNB as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, the Sterling Fronting Bank and
the Issuing Bank (in such capacity, the "Administrative Agent").

      WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Lenders, the Sterling Fronting Bank, the
Issuing Bank, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as Syndication Agent, Bank One, NA, as
Documentation Agent, and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain
Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 1995, and
amended and restated as of July 24, 1998, as further amended and restated as of
August 31, 1999, as amended by that certain Consent and Amendment Agreement No.
1 dated as of August 21, 2000, as further amended by that certain Amendment
Agreement No. 2 dated as of December 29, 2000, as further amended by that
certain Amendment Agreement No. 3 dated as of January 31, 2001, as further
amended by that certain Consent, Amendment Agreement No. 4 to Credit Agreement
and Amendment No. 3 to Forbearance Agreement dated as of December 4, 2001 (the
"December 2001 Amendment"), and as further amended by that certain Consent,
Amendment Agreement No. 5 to Credit Agreement and Amendment No. 4 to Forbearance
Agreement dated as of January 31, 2002 (the "January 2002 Amendment") (as so
amended and restated, the "Credit Agreement"). Capitalized terms used herein
unless otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the
Credit Agreement;

      WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Forbearance and Waiver Agreement dated
as of March 29, 2001, as amended by that certain Consent and Amendment to
Forbearance Agreement dated as of June 25, 2001, as further amended by that
certain Consent and Amendment No. 2 to Forbearance Agreement dated as of
September 27, 2001, as further amended by the December 2001 Amendment, and as
further amended by the January 2002 Amendment (as so amended, the "Forbearance
Agreement"), by and among the Borrowers, the Lenders, the Sterling Fronting
Bank, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent
agreed to forbear from (a) exercising their rights and remedies under the Credit
Agreement and the other Loan Documents to collect the indebtedness of the
Borrowers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Credit Agreement
and the other Loan Documents and (b) ceasing to make Revolving Credit Loans or
International Facility Loans or to issue, extend or renew Letters of Credit;

      WHEREAS; pursuant to the terms of the Forbearance Agreement the
forbearance period will end on March 27, 2002;
<PAGE>
      WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested that the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent extend such forbearance period;

      WHEREAS, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are willing to extend
the forbearance period, but only on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein;

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, the parties
hereto hereby agree as follows:

      SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF FORBEARANCE PERIOD. Section 1 of the Forbearance
Agreement is amended by deleting the date "March 27, 2002" in the two (2) places
where such date is contained therein and substituting the date "April 3, 2002".

      SECTION 2. CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS. The effectiveness of the amendment
to the Forbearance Agreement contained in Section 1 of this Agreement shall be
conditioned upon the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:

      SECTION 2.1. DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS. This Agreement shall have been
executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent by each of the Borrowers,
each of the Guarantors, and the requisite number of the Lenders.

      SECTION 2.2. LEGALITY OF TRANSACTION. No change in applicable law shall
have occurred as a consequence of which it shall have become and continue to be
unlawful on the date this Agreement is to become effective (a) for the
Administrative Agent or any Lender to perform any of its obligations under any
of the Loan Documents or (b) for any of the Borrowers to perform any of its
agreements or obligations under any of the Loan Documents.

      SECTION 2.3. PERFORMANCE. Each of the Borrowers shall have duly and
properly performed, complied with and observed in all material respects its
covenants, agreements and obligations contained in the Loan Documents required
to be performed, complied with or observed by it on or prior to the date this
Agreement is to become effective. Except for the Specified Defaults (as defined
in the Forbearance Agreement), no event shall have occurred on or prior to the
Effective Date, and be continuing, and no condition shall exist on the Effective
Date, which constitutes a Default or Event of Default.

      SECTION 2.4. PROCEEDINGS AND DOCUMENTS. All corporate, governmental and
other proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and all instruments and documents incidental thereto shall be in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the
Administrative Agent shall have received all such counterpart originals or
certified or other copies of all such instruments and documents as the
Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested.

      SECTION 2.5. EXTENSION OF SUBDEBT FORBEARANCE. The holders of the Senior
Subordinated Loans shall have agreed, on terms and conditions satisfactory to
<PAGE>
                                      -3-


the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, to extend the term of the current
forbearance under the Senior Subordinated Loan Agreement through April 5, 2002.

      SECTION 2.6. PAYMENT OF LEGAL EXPENSES. The Administrative Agent shall
have received the payment in cash of all outstanding legal fees incurred by the
Administrative Agent.

      SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each of the Borrowers hereby
represents and warrants to the Lenders as follows:

      (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 6(a) to the Forbearance Agreement, the
representations and warranties of such Borrower and of each Guarantor contained
in the Credit Agreement, the Forbearance Agreement and the other Loan Documents
to which such Borrower or Guarantor, as the case may be, is a party were true
and correct in all material respects when made and continue to be true and
correct in all material respects on the date hereof, except that the financial
statements and projections referred to in the representations and warranties
contained in the Credit Agreement shall be the financial statements and
projections of TransTechnology and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered to
the Administrative Agent, and except as such representations and warranties are
affected by the transactions contemplated hereby;

      (b) The execution, delivery and performance by such Borrower of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby: (i) are
within the corporate powers of such Borrower and have been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate action on the part of such Borrower, (ii) do not require
any approval or consent of, or filing with, any governmental agency or
authority, or any other person, association or entity, which bears on the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement and which is required by law or any
regulation or rule of any agency or authority, or other person, association or
entity, (iii) do not violate any provisions of any order, writ, judgment,
injunction, decree, determination or award presently in effect in which such
Borrower is named, any law, regulation or rule binding on or applicable to such
Borrower or any provision of the charter documents or by-laws of such Borrower,
(iv) do not result in any breach of or constitute a default under any agreement
or instrument to which such Borrower is a party or to which it or any of its
properties are bound, including without limitation any indenture, credit or loan
agreement, lease, debt instrument or mortgage, except for such breaches and
defaults which would not have a material adverse effect on such Borrower and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, and (v) do not result in or require the creation
or imposition of any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or encumbrance of any
nature upon any of the assets or properties of such Borrower;

      (c) This Agreement, the Credit Agreement and the Forbearance Agreement (as
amended hereby) constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of such
Borrower, enforceable against such Borrower in accordance with their respective
terms, provided that (i) enforcement may be limited by
<PAGE>
                                      -4-


applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of
general application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors, and (ii)
enforcement may be subject to general principles of equity, and the availability
of the remedies of specific performance and injunctive relief may be subject to
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding for such remedies may be
brought; and

      (d) As of the date hereof, no "Event of Default" under and as defined in
any instrument evidencing any Subordinated Debt has occurred.

      SECTION 4. PAYMENT OF INTEREST UNDER SUBORDINATED LOAN AGREEMENT. The
Borrowers hereby agree that they will not make any payments to the holders of
the Senior Subordinated Loans prior to April 5, 2002 and any payments made on or
after such date will be made in accordance with the provisions of the
Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement dated as of August 29, 2000 related
thereto.

      SECTION 5. REAFFIRMATION. Except as modified hereby, the Borrowers hereby
reaffirm in all respects all the covenants, agreements, terms and conditions of
the Credit Agreement, the Forbearance Agreement and the other Loan Documents
which are incorporated in full herein by reference, and all terms, conditions
and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.

      SECTION 6. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts and by each party on a separate counterpart, each of
which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one instrument. In proving this Agreement, it shall
not be necessary to produce or account for more than one such counterpart signed
by the party against whom enforcement is sought.

      SECTION 7. RELEASE. In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders to enter into this Agreement, each Borrower acknowledges and agrees
that: (i) no Borrower has any claim or cause of action against the
Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of its respective directors,
officers, employees or agents); (ii) no Borrower has any offset right,
counterclaim or defense of any kind against any of their respective obligations,
indebtedness or liabilities to the Administrative Agent or any Lender; and (iii)
each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders has heretofore properly
performed and satisfied in a timely manner all of its obligations to each
Borrower. The Borrowers wish to eliminate any possibility that any past
conditions, acts, omissions, events, circumstances or matters would impair or
otherwise adversely affect any of the Administrative Agent's and the Lenders'
rights, interests, contracts, collateral security or remedies. Therefore, each
Borrower unconditionally releases, waives and forever discharges (A) any and all
liabilities, obligations, duties, promises or indebtedness of any kind of the
Administrative Agent or any Lender to any Borrower, except the obligations to be
performed by the Administrative Agent or any Lender on or after the date hereof
as expressly stated in this Agreement, the Credit Agreement, the Forbearance
Agreement (as amended hereby) and the other Loan Documents, and (B) all claims,
offsets, causes of action, suits or defenses of any kind whatsoever (if any),
whether arising at law or in equity,
<PAGE>
                                      -5-


whether known or unknown, which any Borrower might otherwise have against the
Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of its directors, officers, employees or
agents, in either case (A) or (B), on account of any condition, act, omission,
event, contract, liability, obligation, indebtedness, claim, cause of action,
defense, circumstance or matter of any kind existing as of the date hereof, or
occurring prior to the date hereof.

      SECTION 8. EFFECTIVE DATE. This Agreement shall be deemed to be effective
as of the date set forth above upon the satisfaction of the conditions precedent
set forth in Section 2 hereof (the "Effective Date").


                  [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
<PAGE>
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed this Amendment No.
5 to Forbearance Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date first set forth
above.



                                   TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION



                                   By:  /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:    Joseph F. Spanier
                                       Title:   Vice President, Chief
                                                Financial Officer and Treasurer



                                   TRANSTECHNOLOGY SEEGER-ORBIS GmbH



                                   By: /s/Michael J. Berthelot
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:    Michael J. Berthelot
                                       Title:   Managing Director




                                   TRANSTECHNOLOGY (GB) LIMITED



                                   By: /s/Michael J. Berthelot
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:    Michael J. Berthelot
                                       Title:   Director



                                   By: /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:    Gerald C. Harvey
                                       Title:   Director



                                       S-1
<PAGE>
                                   FLEET NATIONAL BANK,
                                   individually, as Administrative Agent and
                                   as Sterling Fronting Bank


                                   By: /s/Peggy Peckham
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Peggy Peckham
                                       Title: Senior Workout Officer


                                   ABN AMRO BANK N.V., individually and as
                                   Syndication Agent



                                   By: /s/Steven C. Wimpenny
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Steven C. Wimpenny
                                       Title: Group Senior Vice President



                                   By: /s/Parker H. Douglas
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Parker H. Douglas
                                       Title: Group Vice President


                                   BANK ONE, NA, individually and as
                                   Documentation Agent



                                   By: /s/Phillip D. Martin
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Phillip D. Martin
                                       Title: Senior Vice President


                                   THE BANK OF NEW YORK



                                   By: /s/Richard J. Baldwin
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Richard J. Baldwin
                                       Title: Vice President



                                       S-2
<PAGE>
                                   KEY CORPORATE CAPITAL INC.



                                   By:
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:
                                       Title:


                                   THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA



                                   By:    /s/John W. Campbell
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:  John W. Campbell
                                       Title: Managing Director


                                   COMERICA BANK



                                   By: /s/Jennifer J. Langan
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Jennifer J. Langan
                                       Title: Assistant Vice President



                                   DRESDNER BANK, AG, NEW YORK
                                   AND GRAND CAYMAN BRANCHES



                                   By: /s/Richard J. Sweeney
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Richard J. Sweeney
                                       Title: Vice President



                                   By: /s/Thomas R. Brady
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Thomas R. Brady
                                       Title: Vice President


                                       S-3
<PAGE>
The Guarantors under (and as defined in) the Subsidiary Guaranty hereby
acknowledge that they have read and are aware of the provisions of this
Agreement and hereby reaffirm their absolute and unconditional guaranty of the
Borrowers' payment and performance of their obligations to the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement as affected hereby.


                                   TRANSTECHNOLOGY ENGINEERED RINGS USA, INC.



                                   By: /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:     Gerald C. Harvey
                                       Title:    Vice President & Secretary


                                   RETAINERS, INC.



                                   By: /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:     Gerald C. Harvey
                                       Title:    Vice President & Secretary


                                   RANCHO TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION



                                   By: /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:     Gerald C. Harvey
                                       Title:    Vice President & Secretary


                                   TRANSTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS & SERVICES, INC.



                                   By: /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:     Gerald C. Harvey
                                       Title:    Vice President & Secretary


                                       S-4
<PAGE>
                                   SSP INDUSTRIES



                                   By: /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:     Gerald C. Harvey
                                       Title:    Vice President & Secretary


                                   SSP INTERNATIONAL SALES, INC.



                                   By: /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:     Gerald C. Harvey
                                       Title:    Vice President & Secretary


                                   TRANSTECHNOLOGY INTERNATIONAL INC.
                                   (F/K/A TRANSTECHNOLOGY SEEGER INC.)



                                   By: /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:     Gerald C. Harvey
                                       Title:    Vice President & Secretary


                                   SEEGER INC.



                                   By: /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:     Gerald C. Harvey
                                       Title:    Vice President & Secretary


                                   TCR CORPORATION



                                   By: /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:     Gerald C. Harvey
                                       Title:    Vice President & Secretary


                                       S-5
<PAGE>
                                   AEROSPACE RIVET MANUFACTURERS CORPORATION



                                   By: /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:     Gerald C. Harvey
                                       Title:    Vice President & Secretary


                                   NORCO, INC.



                                   By: /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:     Gerald C. Harvey
                                       Title:    Vice President & Secretary


                                   ELLISON RING & WASHER INC.



                                   By: /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                       -------------------------------------
                                       Name:     Gerald C. Harvey
                                       Title:    Vice President & Secretary


                                       S-6


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.50
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>y61813exv10w50.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT, AMENDMENT NO.6 TO CREDIT/FORBEARANCE AGMT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 10.50


                AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 6 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND
                    AMENDMENT NO. 6 TO FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT

         This AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 6 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND AMENDMENT NO. 6
TO FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT, dated as of April 3, 2002 (this "Agreement"), is by
and among (a) TransTechnology Corporation ("TransTechnology"), TransTechnology
Seeger-Orbis GmbH ("GmbH") and TransTechnology (GB) Limited ("Limited", together
with TransTechnology and GmbH, the "Borrowers"), (b) Fleet National Bank ("FNB")
and the other lending institutions listed on Schedule 1 to the Credit Agreement
(as hereinafter defined) (collectively, the "Lenders"), (c) FNB, acting through
its London Branch, as Sterling Fronting Bank (the "Sterling Fronting Bank"), (d)
FNB, as issuing bank for Letters of Credit (in such capacity, the "Issuing
Bank"), and (e) FNB as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, the Sterling
Fronting Bank and the Issuing Bank (in such capacity, the "Administrative
Agent").

         WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Lenders, the Sterling Fronting Bank, the
Issuing Bank, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as Syndication Agent, Bank One, NA, as
Documentation Agent, and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain
Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 1995, and
amended and restated as of July 24, 1998, as further amended and restated as of
August 31, 1999, as amended by that certain Consent and Amendment Agreement No.
1 dated as of August 21, 2000, as further amended by that certain Amendment
Agreement No. 2 dated as of December 29, 2000, as further amended by that
certain Amendment Agreement No. 3 dated as of January 31, 2001, as further
amended by that certain Consent, Amendment Agreement No. 4 to Credit Agreement
and Amendment No. 3 to Forbearance Agreement dated as of December 4, 2001 (the
"December 2001 Amendment"), and as further amended by that certain Consent,
Amendment Agreement No. 5 to Credit Agreement and Amendment No. 4 to Forbearance
Agreement dated as of January 31, 2002 (the "January 2002 Amendment") (as so
amended and restated, the "Credit Agreement"). Capitalized terms used herein
unless otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the
Credit Agreement;

         WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Forbearance and Waiver Agreement
dated as of March 29, 2001, as amended by that certain Consent and Amendment to
Forbearance Agreement dated as of June 25, 2001, as further amended by that
certain Consent and Amendment No. 2 to Forbearance Agreement dated as of
September 27, 2001, as further amended by the December 2001 Amendment, as
further amended by the January 2002 Amendment, and as further amended by that
certain Amendment No. 5 to Forbearance Agreement dated as of March 27, 2002 (as
so amended, the "Forbearance Agreement"), by and among the Borrowers, the
Lenders, the Sterling Fronting Bank, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders
and the Administrative Agent agreed to forbear from (a) exercising their rights
and remedies under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to collect
the indebtedness of the Borrowers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (b) ceasing to
<PAGE>
make Revolving Credit Loans or International Facility Loans or to issue, extend
or renew Letters of Credit;

         WHEREAS; pursuant to the terms of the Forbearance Agreement the
forbearance period will end on April 3, 2002;

         WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested that the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent extend such forbearance period;

         WHEREAS, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are willing to extend
the forbearance period, but only on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, the parties
hereto hereby agree as follows:

         SECTION 1. AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT. Section 2.10 of the Credit
Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the last sentence thereof with the
following:

                  "As of April 1, 2002 the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is
         Thirty-Six Million Two Hundred Fifty-Seven Thousand Dollars
         ($36,257,000) and if it has not already been reduced to such amount or
         a lower amount, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall be reduced
         to Twenty-Eight Million Dollars ($28,000,000) on June 25, 2002."

         SECTION 2. AMENDMENT TO FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT.

                  (a) Section 1 of the Forbearance Agreement is amended by
         replacing such section in its entirety with the following:

                  "SECTION 1. FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT. Subject to the terms and
         conditions set forth herein, each of the Administrative Agent and the
         Lenders agrees to forbear from (a) exercising their rights and remedies
         under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to collect the
         indebtedness of the Borrowers to the Administrative Agent and the
         Lenders under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and
         (b) ceasing to make Revolving Credit Loans or International Facility
         Loans or to issue, extend or renew Letters of Credit until that date
         (the "Forbearance Termination Date") which is the earliest to occur of
         (i) the failure after the date hereof of the Borrowers and their
         Subsidiaries to comply with any of the terms or conditions set forth in
         the Credit Agreement and/or the other Loan Documents, other than the
         failure to comply with the provisions of Sections 11.1 - 11.5 of the
         Credit Agreement for the period commencing on January 1, 2001 and
         ending on September 25, 2002 (the "Specified Defaults"), (ii) the
         occurrence after the date hereof of any Default or Event of Default,
         other than a Specified Default, (iii) maximum amount outstanding under
         the Credit Agreement any time during the last week of June, 2002
         exceeding an amount equal to (a) the lesser of (1) Twenty Eight Million
         Dollars ($28,000,000) and (2) the then
<PAGE>
                                      -3-


         existing Total Revolving Credit Commitment minus (b) Three Million Five
         Hundred Thousand Dollars ($3,500,000), (iv) the failure of the
         Borrowers after the date hereof to comply with the financial covenants
         set forth in Section 3(a) hereof, (v) the failure of the Borrowers and
         the holders of the Senior Subordinated Loans to have entered into an
         agreement by June 25, 2002 whereby the holders of the Senior
         Subordinated Loans consent to a refinancing of the Obligations and
         effective with a refinancing of the Obligations the parties otherwise
         agree to modify the terms of the Senior Subordinated Loans in a manner
         which the Administrative Agent reasonably believes will allow the
         Borrowers to refinance the Obligations, (vi) the failure of the
         Borrowers or their Subsidiaries to comply with any term set forth in
         this Agreement, (vii) the date on which the Administrative Agent
         determines that a material adverse change in the business, assets,
         financial condition or prospects of the Borrowers and their
         Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, has occurred, (viii) the date that the
         Borrowers, any of their Subsidiaries or any Affiliate of the Borrowers
         shall commence any litigation or other proceeding against the
         Administrative Agent or any Lender or any Affiliate of the
         Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with or related to any
         of the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement, the other
         Loan Documents, this Agreement or any documents, agreements or
         instruments executed in connection with any of the foregoing, (ix) the
         date that any holder of Subordinated Debt takes any action in
         enforcement of its rights under such Subordinated Debt, or any "Event
         of Default" under and as defined in any instrument evidencing any such
         Subordinated Debt shall have occurred, the effect of which would be to
         permit the holder of such Subordinated Debt to accelerate such
         Subordinated Debt, and (x) September 25, 2002. On and after the
         Forbearance Termination Date, each of the Administrative Agent and the
         Lenders shall be free in its sole and absolute discretion to proceed to
         enforce any or all of its rights under or in respect of the Credit
         Agreement, the other Loan Documents and applicable law, including,
         without limitation, (x) the right to require the immediate repayment of
         the Loans and the other Obligations in full, (y) the right to require
         deposit of cash collateral or the delivery of a letter of credit
         reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in an amount equal
         to the then Maximum Drawing Amount of all Letters of Credit in
         accordance with Section 5.2(c) of the Credit Agreement, and (z) the
         right to cease making Revolving Credit Loans or International Facility
         Loans, or issuing, extending or renewing Letters of Credit."

                  (b) The Forbearance Agreement is hereby amended by replacing
         Section 3(a) with the following:

                  "(a) Financial Covenants. During the period beginning on April
         30, 2002 and ending on the Forbearance Termination Date, at no time
         shall Modified Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of each month be
         less than the amount set forth on Schedule 3(a)(1) attached hereto for
         such period. As used herein "Modified Consolidated EBITDA" shall mean
         Consolidated EBITDA (excluding the operations of all entities other
         than
<PAGE>
                                      -4-


         Breeze Eastern, NORCO, and TCR Corporation), with "Reference Periods"
         beginning on April 1, 2002 and ending on the last day of each month,
         plus the forbearance fees paid to the Lenders pursuant to Section 10
         hereof during such period plus the expenses incurred in accordance with
         Sections 3(g) and (i) hereof during such period. During the period
         beginning on April 1, 2002 and ending on the Forbearance Termination
         Date, TransTechnology will not make, or permit any Subsidiary of
         TransTechnology to make Capital Expenditures during the period from
         April 1, 2002 and through the end of each month that exceed the amount
         set forth on Schedule 3(a)(2) attached hereto. The Borrowers shall
         deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders evidence of
         compliance with this paragraph (a) simultaneously with the delivery of
         the monthly financial statements required by Section 9.4(d) of the
         Credit Agreement."

                  (c) Schedule 3(a) of the Forbearance Agreement is deleted in
         its entirety and replaced with Schedule 3(a)(1) attached hereto.

                  (d) Schedule 3(a)(2) attached hereto is hereby added to the
         Forbearance Agreement as Schedule 3(a)(2).

                  (e) Schedule 6(a) of the Forbearance Agreement is deleted in
         its entirety and replaced with Schedule 6(a) attached hereto.

                  (f) Section 10 of the Forbearance Agreement is amended by
         adding at the end thereof the following new sub paragraphs:

                  "(g) An additional forbearance fee on April 3, 2002, equal to
         one percent (1%) of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment;

                  (h) An additional forbearance fee on June 26, 2002, equal to
         one percent (1%) of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment; and

                  (i) An additional forbearance fee on September 25, 2002, equal
         to two percent (2%) of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment."

                  (g) The Forbearance Agreement is amended by replacing Section
         10.A with the following:

                  "SECTION 10.A. BORROWING TO PAY SUBDEBT INTEREST.
         TransTechnology hereby agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for
         the pro-rata benefit of each Lender:

                  (a)      A fee equal to One Hundred Thousand Dollars
                           ($100,000) (representing four percent (4%) of Two
                           Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000)
                           (the "October 2001 Subdebt Interest Payment Amount")
                           which is the amount equal to the interest payment due
                           on the Senior Subordinated Loans on October 1, 2001
                           rounded to the nearest $100,000). At all times after
                           October 1, 2001, a portion of the Loans equal
<PAGE>
                                      -5-


                           to the October 2001 Subdebt Interest Payment Amount
                           shall bear interest (payable monthly in arrears on
                           each Interest Payment Date) at an annual rate equal
                           to twenty five percent (25%).

                  (b)      On April 3, 2002, a fee equal to One Hundred Thousand
                           Dollars ($100,000) (representing four percent (4%) of
                           Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars
                           ($2,500,000) (the "April 2002 Subdebt Interest
                           Payment Amount") which is the amount equal to the
                           interest payment due on the Senior Subordinated Loans
                           on April 1, 2002 rounded to the nearest $100,000). At
                           all times after April 1, 2002, a portion of the Loans
                           equal to the sum of (1) the October 2001 Subdebt
                           Interest Payment Amount, and (2) the April 2002
                           Subdebt Interest Payment Amount shall bear interest
                           (payable monthly in arrears on each Interest Payment
                           Date) at an annual rate equal to twenty five percent
                           (25%).

                  (c)      On July 1, 2002, a fee equal to One Hundred Four
                           Thousand Dollars ($104,000) (representing four
                           percent (4%) of Two Million Six Hundred Thousand
                           Dollars ($2,600,000) (the "July 2002 Subdebt Interest
                           Payment Amount") which is the amount equal to the
                           interest payment due on the Senior Subordinated Loans
                           on July 1, 2002 rounded to the nearest $100,000). At
                           all times after July 1, 2002, a portion of the Loans
                           equal to the sum of (1) the October 2001 Subdebt
                           Interest Payment Amount, (2) the April 2002 Subdebt
                           Interest Payment Amount, and (3) the July 2002
                           Subdebt Interest Payment Amount shall bear interest
                           (payable monthly in arrears on each Interest Payment
                           Date) at an annual rate equal to twenty five percent
                           (25%)."

                  (h) The Forbearance Agreement shall be deemed amended to
         include capitalized defined terms used in this Agreement to the extent
         not defined in the Forbearance Agreement.

         SECTION 3. CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS. The effectiveness of the
amendments to the Credit Agreement and the Forbearance Agreement contained in
Section 1 and Section 2 of this Agreement shall be conditioned upon the
satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:

         SECTION 3.1. DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS.

         (a) This Agreement shall have been executed and delivered to the
Administrative Agent by each of the Borrowers, each of the Guarantors, and the
requisite number of the Lenders.

         (b) The Borrowers and the holders of the Senior Subordinated Loans
shall have executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent an agreement in
the form of Exhibit A hereto.
<PAGE>
                                      -6-


         Section 3.2. Legality of Transaction. No change in applicable law shall
have occurred as a consequence of which it shall have become and continue to be
unlawful on the date this Agreement is to become effective (a) for the
Administrative Agent or any Lender to perform any of its obligations under any
of the Loan Documents or (b) for any of the Borrowers to perform any of its
agreements or obligations under any of the Loan Documents.

         Section 3.3. Performance. Each of the Borrowers shall have duly and
properly performed, complied with and observed in all material respects its
covenants, agreements and obligations contained in the Loan Documents required
to be performed, complied with or observed by it on or prior to the date this
Agreement is to become effective. Except for the Specified Defaults (as defined
in the Forbearance Agreement), no event shall have occurred on or prior to the
Effective Date, and be continuing, and no condition shall exist on the Effective
Date, which constitutes a Default or Event of Default.

         Section 3.4. Proceedings and Documents. All corporate, governmental and
other proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and all instruments and documents incidental thereto shall be in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the
Administrative Agent shall have received all such counterpart originals or
certified or other copies of all such instruments and documents as the
Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested.

         Section 3.5. Payment of Legal Expenses. The Administrative Agent shall
have received the payment in cash of all outstanding legal fees incurred by the
Administrative Agent.

         Section 4. Representations and Warranties. Each of the Borrowers hereby
represents and warrants to the Lenders as follows:

         (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 6(a) to the Forbearance Agreement,
the representations and warranties of such Borrower and of each Guarantor
contained in the Credit Agreement, the Forbearance Agreement and the other Loan
Documents to which such Borrower or Guarantor, as the case may be, is a party
were true and correct in all material respects when made and continue to be true
and correct in all material respects on the date hereof, except that the
financial statements and projections referred to in the representations and
warranties contained in the Credit Agreement shall be the financial statements
and projections of TransTechnology and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered
to the Administrative Agent, and except as such representations and warranties
are affected by the transactions contemplated hereby;

         (b) The execution, delivery and performance by such Borrower of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby: (i) are
within the corporate powers of such Borrower and have been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate action on the part of such Borrower, (ii) do not require
any approval or consent of, or filing with, any governmental agency or
authority, or any other person, association or entity, which bears on
<PAGE>
                                      -7-


the validity or enforceability of this Agreement and which is required by law or
any regulation or rule of any agency or authority, or other person, association
or entity, (iii) do not violate any provisions of any order, writ, judgment,
injunction, decree, determination or award presently in effect in which such
Borrower is named, any law, regulation or rule binding on or applicable to such
Borrower or any provision of the charter documents or by-laws of such Borrower,
(iv) do not result in any breach of or constitute a default under any agreement
or instrument to which such Borrower is a party or to which it or any of its
properties are bound, including without limitation any indenture, credit or loan
agreement, lease, debt instrument or mortgage, except for such breaches and
defaults which would not have a material adverse effect on such Borrower and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, and (v) do not result in or require the creation
or imposition of any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or encumbrance of any
nature upon any of the assets or properties of such Borrower;

         (c) This Agreement, the Credit Agreement and the Forbearance Agreement
(as amended hereby) constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of such
Borrower, enforceable against such Borrower in accordance with their respective
terms, provided that (i) enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of general application
affecting the rights and remedies of creditors, and (ii) enforcement may be
subject to general principles of equity, and the availability of the remedies of
specific performance and injunctive relief may be subject to the discretion of
the court before which any proceeding for such remedies may be brought; and

         (d) As of the date hereof, no "Event of Default" under and as defined
in any instrument evidencing any Subordinated Debt has occurred.

         Section 5. Payment of Interest Under Subordinated Loan Agreement. The
Borrowers hereby agree that before paying the July 2002 Subdebt Interest Payment
Amount to the holders of the Senior Subordinated Loans, the Revolving Credit
Availability shall be at least Three Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars
($3,500,000).

         Section 6. Reaffirmation. Except as modified hereby, the Borrowers
hereby reaffirm in all respects all the covenants, agreements, terms and
conditions of the Credit Agreement, the Forbearance Agreement and the other Loan
Documents which are incorporated in full herein by reference, and all terms,
conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.

         Section 7. Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts and by each party on a separate counterpart, each of
which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one instrument. In proving this Agreement, it shall
not be necessary to produce or account for more than one such counterpart signed
by the party against whom enforcement is sought.
<PAGE>
                                      -8-


         Section 8. Release. In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders to enter into this Agreement, each Borrower acknowledges and agrees
that: (i) no Borrower has any claim or cause of action against the
Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of its respective directors,
officers, employees or agents); (ii) no Borrower has any offset right,
counterclaim or defense of any kind against any of their respective obligations,
indebtedness or liabilities to the Administrative Agent or any Lender; and (iii)
each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders has heretofore properly
performed and satisfied in a timely manner all of its obligations to each
Borrower. The Borrowers wish to eliminate any possibility that any past
conditions, acts, omissions, events, circumstances or matters would impair or
otherwise adversely affect any of the Administrative Agent's and the Lenders'
rights, interests, contracts, collateral security or remedies. Therefore, each
Borrower unconditionally releases, waives and forever discharges (A) any and all
liabilities, obligations, duties, promises or indebtedness of any kind of the
Administrative Agent or any Lender to any Borrower, except the obligations to be
performed by the Administrative Agent or any Lender on or after the date hereof
as expressly stated in this Agreement, the Credit Agreement, the Forbearance
Agreement (as amended hereby) and the other Loan Documents, and (B) all claims,
offsets, causes of action, suits or defenses of any kind whatsoever (if any),
whether arising at law or in equity, whether known or unknown, which any
Borrower might otherwise have against the Administrative Agent, any Lender or
any of its directors, officers, employees or agents, in either case (A) or (B),
on account of any condition, act, omission, event, contract, liability,
obligation, indebtedness, claim, cause of action, defense, circumstance or
matter of any kind existing as of the date hereof, or occurring prior to the
date hereof.

         Section 9. Effective Date. This Agreement shall be deemed to be
effective as of the date set forth above upon the satisfaction of the conditions
precedent set forth in Section 3 hereof (the "Effective Date").


                  [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
<PAGE>
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed this Amendment
Agreement No. 6 to Credit Agreement and Amendment No. 6 to Forbearance Agreement
as a sealed instrument as of the date first set forth above.



                                       TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION



                                       By:    /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   Joseph F. Spanier
                                           Title:  Vice President, CFO &
                                                   Treasurer



                                       TRANSTECHNOLOGY SEEGER-ORBIS GmbH



                                       By:    /s/Michael J. Berthelot
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   Michael J. Berthelot
                                           Title:  Managing Director




                                       TRANSTECHNOLOGY (GB) LIMITED



                                       By:    /s/Michael J. Berthelot
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   Michael J. Berthelot
                                           Title:  Director



                                       By:    /s/Gerald C. Harvey
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   Gerald C. Harvey
                                           Title:  Director


                                      S-1

<PAGE>
                                      -2-


                                       FLEET NATIONAL BANK,
                                       individually, as Administrative Agent and
                                       as Sterling Fronting Bank


                                       By:    /s/Peggy Peckham
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   Peggy Peckham
                                           Title:  Senior Workout Officer


                                       ABN AMRO BANK N.V., individually and as
                                       Syndication Agent



                                       By:    /s/Steven C. Wimpenny
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   Steven C. Wimpenny
                                           Title:  Group Senior Vice President



                                       By:    /s/Parker H. Douglas
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   Parker H. Douglas
                                           Title:  Group Vice President


                                       BANK ONE, NA, individually and as
                                       Documentation Agent



                                       By:    /s/Phillip D. Martin
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   Phillip D. Martin
                                           Title:  Senior Vice President


                                       THE BANK OF NEW YORK



                                       By:    /s/Richard J. Baldwin
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   Richard J. Baldwin
                                           Title:  Vice President


                                      S-2

<PAGE>
                                      -3-


                                       KEY CORPORATE CAPITAL INC.



                                       By:    /s/Mike Kleinhaut
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   Mike Kleinhaut
                                           Title:  Vice President


                                       THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA



                                       By:    /s/John W. Campbell
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   John W. Campbell
                                           Title:  Managing Director


                                       COMERICA BANK



                                       By:    /s/Jennifer J. Langan
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   Jennifer J. Langan
                                           Title:  Assistant Vice President

                                       DRESDNER BANK, AG, NEW YORK AND GRAND
                                       CAYMAN BRANCHES



                                       By:    /s/Richard J. Sweeney
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   Richard J. Sweeney
                                           Title:  Vice President



                                       By:    /s/Thomas R. Brady
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Name:   Thomas R. Brady
                                           Title:  Director


                                      S-3
<PAGE>
                                      -4-


The Guarantors under (and as defined in) the Subsidiary Guaranty hereby
acknowledge that they have read and are aware of the provisions of this
Agreement and hereby reaffirm their absolute and unconditional guaranty of the
Borrowers' payment and performance of their obligations to the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement as affected hereby.


                                     TRANSTECHNOLOGY ENGINEERED RINGS USA, INC.



                                     By:    /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Name:   Joseph F. Spanier
                                         Title:  Vice President & Treasurer


                                     RETAINERS, INC.



                                     By:    /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Name:   Joseph F. Spanier
                                         Title:  Vice President & Treasurer


                                     RANCHO TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION



                                     By:    /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Name:   Joseph F. Spanier
                                         Title:  Vice President & Treasurer


                                     TRANSTECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS & SERVICES, INC.



                                     By:    /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Name:   Joseph F. Spanier
                                         Title:  Vice President & Treasurer


                                       S-4
<PAGE>
                                      -5-


                                     SSP INDUSTRIES



                                     By:    /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Name:   Joseph F. Spanier
                                         Title:  Vice President, CFO &
                                                 Treasurer


                                     SSP INTERNATIONAL SALES, INC.



                                     By:    /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Name:   Joseph F. Spanier
                                         Title:  Vice President, CFO &
                                                 Treasurer


                                     TRANSTECHNOLOGY INTERNATIONAL INC.
                                     (F/K/A TRANSTECHNOLOGY SEEGER INC.)



                                     By:    /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Name:   Joseph F. Spanier
                                         Title:  Vice President & Treasurer


                                     SEEGER INC.



                                     By:    /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Name:   Joseph F. Spanier
                                         Title:  Vice President & Treasurer


                                     TCR CORPORATION



                                     By:    /s/Michael J. Berthelot
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Name:   Michael J. Berthelot
                                         Title:  Chairman of the Board


                                       S-5
<PAGE>
                                      -6-


                                     AEROSPACE RIVET MANUFACTURERS CORPORATION



                                     By:    /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Name:   Joseph F. Spanier
                                         Title:  Vice President, CFO &
                                                 Treasurer


                                     NORCO, INC.



                                     By:    /s/Michael J. Berthelot
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Name:   Michael J. Berthelot
                                         Title:  Chairman of the Board


                                     ELLISON RING & WASHER INC.



                                     By:    /s/Joseph F. Spanier
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Name:   Joseph F. Spanier
                                         Title:  Treasurer


                                      S-6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>y61813exv13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT TO SECURITY HOLDERS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                      Exhibit 13

              ARGENTINA
              AUSTRALIA
              AUSTRIA
              BAHRAIN
              BANGLADESH
              BELGIUM
              BRASIL
              BRUNEI
              CANADA
              CHILE
              CHINA
              COLOMBIA
              CYPRUS
              DENMARK
              DUBAI
              EGYPT
              ENGLAND                                  [TransTechnology
              ECUADOR                                       Corporation Logo]
              ESTONIA
              ETHIOPIA
              FAROE ISLANDS
              FIJI
              FINLAND
              FRANCE
              GERMANY
              GREAT BRITAIN
              GREECE
              GREENLAND
              HOLLAND
              HONG KONG
              ICELAND
              INDIA
              INDONESIA
              IRELAND


  g l o b a l   p a r t n e r s


                         ISRAEL
                          ITALY
                        JAMAICA
                          JAPAN
                         JORDAN
                         KUWAIT
                          KOREA
                      LITHUANIA
                     LUXEMBOURG
                       MALAYSIA
                         MEXICO
                    NETHERLANDS
                    NEW ZEALAND
                         NORWAY
                       PAKISTAN
                           PERU
                         POLAND
                       PORTUGAL
                          QATAR
       REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
              REPUBLIC OF KOREA
                      SINGAPORE
                   SAUDI ARABIA
                       SCOTLAND
                       SLOVENIA
                   SOUTH AFRICA
                          SPAIN
                         SWEDEN
                    SWITZERLAND
                         TAIWAN
                       THAILAND
                        TUNISIA
                         TURKEY
           UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
                  UNITED STATES
                        URUGUAY

                                  ANNUAL REPORT FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2002

<PAGE>
                                             DILUTED INCOME PER SHARE FROM
                                                 CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                                                     (IN DOLLARS)

                                                      [BAR CHART]
                                                       98 = -0.01
                                                       99 =  0.66
                                                       00 =  0.40
                                                       01 = -0.98
         [TransTechnology                              02 =  0.12
             Corporation Logo]

                                                AFTER TAX INCOME FROM
                                                CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                                                   ($ IN MILLIONS)

                                                     [BAR CHART]
        2002 NET TOTAL SALES                          98 = -0.8
          BY MARKET TYPE                              99 =  4.2
            [PIE CHART]                               00 =  2.5
                                                      01 = -6.0
                                                      02 =  0.8

<Table>
<S>                            <C>
Industrial/Medical..............4%
Commercial Aircraft/Airline....18%
Military/Government............78%
</Table>

                                                CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
                                                   ($ IN MILLIONS)

                                                     [BAR CHART]
                                                      98 = 0.8
                                                      99 = 1.1
                                                      00 = 0.4
           2002 NET SALES                             01 = 0.3
        DOMESTIC VS. EXPORT                           02 = 0.3
            [PIE CHART]
<Table>
<S>                      <C>
Domestic..................63%
Export....................37%
</Table>

                                                      NET SALES
                                                   ($ IN MILLIONS)

                                                     [BAR CHART]
                                                      98 = 35.5
                                                      99 = 50.2
                                                      00 = 60.8
                                                      01 = 70.5
                                                      02 = 72.3
<PAGE>

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The following table provides selected financial data with respect to the
consolidated statements of operations of the Company for the fiscal five years
ended March 31, 2002, and the consolidated balance sheets of the Company at the
end of each such year.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA                                                              YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
(In thousands, except per share amounts)                   2002            2001               2000            1999            1998
<S>                                                   <C>             <C>                <C>             <C>             <C>
Net sales                                             $  72,285       $  70,481          $  60,836       $  50,169       $  35,459
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before income taxes                                     1,633          (9,630)             4,010           7,026            (122)
Provision (benefit) for income taxes                        860          (3,584)             1,524           2,807             (47)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations                    773          (6,046)             2,486           4,219             (75)
(Loss) income from discontinued operations              (72,554)        (66,924)             4,649          10,370          11,142
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Loss) income before extraordinary charge               (71,781)        (72,970)             7,135          14,589          11,067
Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt                 --              --               (541)           (780)             --
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) income                                     $ (71,781)      $ (72,970)         $   6,594       $  13,809       $  11,067
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Earnings (loss) per share:
    Basic:
      Income (loss) from continuing operations        $    0.13       $   (0.98)         $    0.40       $    0.67           (0.01)
      (Loss) income from discontinued operations         (11.74)         (10.85)              0.76            1.66            2.01
      Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt           --              --              (0.09)          (0.12)             --
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) income per share                           $  (11.61)      $  (11.83)         $    1.07       $    2.21       $    2.00
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Diluted:
      Income (loss) from continuing operations        $    0.12       $   (0.98)         $    0.40       $    0.66       $   (0.01)
      (Loss) income from discontinued operations         (11.64)         (10.85)              0.76            1.64            2.01
      Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt           --              --              (0.09)          (0.12)             --
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) income per share                           $  (11.52)      $  (11.83)         $    1.07       $    2.18       $    2.00
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dividends declared and paid per share                 $      --       $   0.195          $    0.26       $    0.26       $    0.26
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets                                          $ 142,142       $ 393,249          $ 482,752       $ 279,720       $ 236,073
Long-term debt                                        $ 107,564       $     658(a)       $ 194,759       $ 102,463       $  51,350
Stockholders' equity (deficit)                        $ (16,207)      $  51,875          $ 128,883       $ 123,710       $ 115,832
Book value per share                                  $   (2.62)      $    8.40          $   20.97       $   20.25       $   18.47
Shares outstanding at year-end                            6,191           6,172              6,145           6,108           6,272
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(a)   Excluding callable debt of $271,307.


MARKET AND DIVIDEND DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 MARKET PRICE
QUARTER ENDED                                HIGH            LOW       DIVIDENDS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>              <C>         <C>
July 2, 2000                                14.69            8.44        .065
October 1, 2000                             11.37            6.12        .065
December 31, 2000                            7.31            2.87        .065
March 31, 2001                               6.75            3.75          --
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
June 30, 2001                                9.02            5.00          --
September 29, 2001                          14.79            8.60          --
December 29, 2001                           13.50            9.60          --
March 31, 2002                              10.20            8.90          --
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                                                               1


                                                              2002 ANNUAL REPORT

<PAGE>
FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

[PHOTO OF MICHAEL J. BERTHELOT]

At the beginning of fiscal 2002, our Board of Directors adopted a plan of
restructuring that would significantly alter our company. We determined that
we would exit the specialty fasteners business and concentrate all of our
resources into a smaller, less leveraged company that was involved solely in the
design, manufacture, and servicing of aerospace equipment and components.

In a very difficult environment, we completed the sale of our Breeze and Pebra
hose clamp businesses in July 2001; in December 2001, we sold our
TransTechnology Engineered Components business; in February 2002 we sold our
Seeger-Orbis retaining ring business; in April 2002, we sold our Aerospace Rivet
Manufacturers Inc. subsidiary; and, in May 2002, we sold our TransTechnology
Engineered Rings USA business. While we were divesting these businesses, the
economy continued to weaken and, combined with the shocks to financial markets
due to the events of September 11th, put further downward pressure on the valua-
tions of our business units held for sale and on the buyers' ability to finance
them. We persevered, and through May 2002, we have realized over $168 million of
proceeds from these divestitures, all of which have been applied to reduce our
outstanding debt to $107.6 million at the fiscal year end from $272.5 million
one year earlier, cutting our senior debt by almost 85%. We remain committed to
completing our restructuring program, which involves the sale of two more
retaining ring businesses, our TCR cold heading business, and some surplus real
estate. By the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2003, we expect to have a new
senior credit facility in place, eliminating the forbearance agreements under
which we have operated in fiscal 2002. At the end of July we will relocate our
corporate staff, reduced from 24 people to just nine, into our Breeze-Eastern
facility in Union, New Jersey.

Fiscal 2002 was a year of many successes. Our continuing operations, made up of
Breeze-Eastern and Norco, each had record levels of new orders, sales, backlog,
and operating profit during fiscal 2002. As a result of this strong showing, and
significant reductions in corporate office expenses, our continuing operations
returned to profitability in fiscal 2002, with income from continuing operations
of $.8 million, or $.12 per diluted share. Our operating income, exclusive of
non-recurring, non-operating gains and losses, was up 97% and EBITDA was up 46%.
Our share price improved 68% during the fiscal year, and, in share price
improvement, TT was the 25th best performing company on the NYSE for calendar
year 2001. Several new programs were won in the weapons system, helicopter
rescue hoist, cargo hook, and regional jet component industries. Because of this
continuing string of new program wins, we believe that each of these units is
poised for further growth in revenue and profitability in the future.

Our strategy for the short-term is simple. As a company now solely focused on
aerospace products and components, we will focus on developing new products for
new customers and existing customers. We will concentrate on lowering our costs
through


2

TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
<PAGE>
productivity and efficiency improvements. We will work harder to develop our
people and improve the depth of our management and front line team members. We
will strive for more sales, lower costs, quicker cash flow cycles, and lower
debt. Our target is to grow both sales and operating income at least ten percent
in fiscal 2003.


Fiscal 2003 will be the year we work to strengthen our balance sheet and
shareholder value.


As we enter the new fiscal year, we must now work on restructuring our balance
sheet to provide the capital structure necessary to support our company with the
resources it needs to move forward and to yield our shareholders an immediate
and long-term increase in value. At the same time, we must be attentive to other
opportunities that present themselves to enhance shareholder value. As fiscal
2002 was the year we worked to strengthen our operations, so fiscal 2003 will be
the year we work to strengthen our balance sheet and shareholder value.

Fiscal 2002 brought much more attention to the importance of corporate
governance. I am pleased to report that for the past ten years our company's
Incentive and Compensation and Audit Committees have both been made up entirely
of outside directors. Our Audit Committee, comprised of individuals with
substantial experience in public and private company finance, is actively
involved in the review of our financial affairs and meets quarterly with
management, our internal audit staff, and, without management present, our
outside auditors. Our Board of Directors has been, and remains, committed to the
concepts of transparent financial reporting, openness, and independence in fact
and perception. Our outside auditors do no strategic, information technology or
other consulting for the company, limiting their work to our annual audit,
quarterly reviews, the statutory audits required for our operations around the
world, and advising us in the preparation of our income tax returns.

While our workforce is much smaller now than at the beginning of the year, the
work-load really has grown rather than diminished. I would like to express my
appreciation and gratitude to each member of the TransTechnology team for their
professionalism and support, which have proven invaluable to our company this
past year.

I would also like to thank our Board of Directors, which has remained deeply
involved throughout the year. As we see three of our long-serving directors
retire at this year's shareholders' meeting, I would like to especially thank
James A. Lawrence and Walter H. Belleville for their ten years of counsel, and
Michel Glouchevitch for his six years of service to our company. We wish them
each well as they move on to another chapter of their lives.

Most importantly, I thank you, the shareholders, who have placed your trust,
confidence, and resources in our hands. We appreciate your support and look
forward to seeing TransTechnology continue as a provider of value to its owners.


Michael J. Berthelot


/s/ Michael J. Berthelot


Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer


                                                                               3

                                                              2002 ANNUAL REPORT
<PAGE>
[PHOTO OF HELICOPTER UTILIZING RESCUE HOIST]

U.S. Coast Guard HH-65 Dauphin, manufactured by Eurocopter, equipped with a
Breeze-Eastern HS-10300 rescue hoist.

SINCE 1926, BREEZE-EASTERN HAS PROVIDED THE DEFENSE AND AEROSPACE MARKETS WITH
SOPHISTICATED, HIGHLY ENGINEERED, PROPRIETARY SYSTEMS.



AEROSPACE PRODUCTS

BREEZE-EASTERN is the world's leading designer and manufacturer of sophisticated
helicopter rescue hoists, cargo winches, and cargo hooks for the aerospace,
defense and space markets. Breeze-Eastern is also an acknowledged leader in the
design, development, and manufacture of weapons handling systems, motion
controls actuation systems and materiel restraint systems for the aerospace and
defense markets.

During fiscal year 2002, Breeze-Eastern was selected to design, develop and
manufacture specialized applications for major rescue hoist, cargo winch, cargo
hook, and weapons handling systems. Rescue hoists for the Eurocopter Super Puma,
the Spanish Air Force CH-47, and for two Israeli Air Force upgrade programs are
examples of new programs that have been achieved by the business. During the
year Breeze-Eastern was also selected to provide the weapons loading hoist for
Lockheed's High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS) and the Line of Sight
Anti-Tank (LOSAT) programs, demonstrating Breeze-Eastern's strength in the
weapons handling defense market.

Since 1926, Breeze-Eastern has provided the defense and aerospace markets with
sophisticated, highly engineered, proprietary systems. A unique relationship
with prime contractors such as AugustaWestland, Alenia, Bell, Boeing, CASA,
Eurocopter, Lockheed Martin, MD Helicopters and Sikorsky has provided
Breeze-Eastern a continuous stream of opportunities over the years.





4

TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
<PAGE>
NORCO, INC. is the global leader in the design, manufacture, and support of
aircraft engine nacelle hold-open rods. Specializing in high performance
mechanical components and systems for the aerospace and defense markets, Norco
is also a recognized leader in the design, manufacture and support of helicopter
blade restraint systems, safety locks, and application specific mechanical
systems. Norco's power transmission product line, Flennor, is one of the most
highly regarded manufacturers of miniature rollnuts, rollnuts, ball and diamond
reversers, and oscillators for the aerospace, defense, power transmission, paper
and pulp, and medical diagnostic equipment industries.

During fiscal 2002, Norco won custom designed applications for major regional
jet engine nacelle, military and medical diagnostic equipment programs. Hold
open rods for the Canadair CRJ700/900, the Dornier 728, the Embraer 170, the
Bombardier AS907, and the British Aerospace RJX AS977 are examples of new
programs for regional jets, the fastest growing segment of the commercial
airline industry. Specialized assemblies for the Virginia Class submarine, the
Landing Platform Deck (LPD-17), and the Advanced Amphibious Assault Vehicle
(AAAV) illustrate Norco's strength in the defense and military markets. Newly
designed precision motion control devices for Luminex, Packard Instrument and
Dade Behring present an opportunity for expansion of Norco's engineering and
manufacturing prowess into new markets.

Over the more than forty years it has been in business, Norco has forged special
relationships with many of its largest customers, including airframe
manufacturers such as AugustaWestland, Airbus, Boeing, Northrop Grumman, and
Sikorsky. Norco also works closely with suppliers of aircraft engine nacelles
and cowlings such as Goodrich Aerospace, GKN-Westland Aerospace, Aermacchi and
Bombardier.


[PICTURE OF AIRCRAFT ENGINE]
Norco hold-open rods on Boeing 777 Engine Nacelle.

NORCO, INC. IS THE GLOBAL LEADER IN THE DESIGN, MANUFACTURE, AND SUPPORT OF
AIRCRAFT ENGINE NACELLE HOLD-OPEN RODS.


                                                                               5

                                                              2002 ANNUAL REPORT
<PAGE>
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of TransTechnology Corporation:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TransTechnology
Corporation and subsidiaries as of March 31, 2002 and 2001, and the related
statements of consolidated operations, stockholders' equity (deficit) and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2002. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of TransTechnology Corporation and
subsidiaries at March 31, 2002 and 2001, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2002
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.



/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP



Parsippany, New Jersey
June 14, 2002


6

TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
<PAGE>
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In thousands, except share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                 MARCH 31,
ASSETS                                                                                                 2002                  2001
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                                 <C>                   <C>
CURRENT ASSETS:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                         $      97             $   2,337
  Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of
     $391 and $30 in 2002 and 2001, respectively)                                                      11,654                13,015
  Inventories                                                                                          23,695                19,957
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                             1,111                   891
  Income tax receivable                                                                                 7,600                 5,600
  Deferred income taxes                                                                                 1,538                 1,512
  Assets held for sale                                                                                 38,486               307,014
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total current assets                                                                              84,181               350,326
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PROPERTY:
  Land                                                                                                  2,879                 3,566
  Buildings                                                                                             5,438                 5,425
  Machinery and equipment                                                                               7,185                 7,077
  Furniture and fixtures                                                                                3,685                 3,619
  Leasehold improvements                                                                                  195                   196
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total                                                                                             19,382                19,883
  Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                                                       11,572                10,581
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Property - net                                                                                     7,810                 9,302
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER ASSETS:
  Costs in excess of net assets of acquired businesses (net of accumulated
     amortization of $1,171 and $953 in 2002 and 2001, respectively)                                   10,584                10,805
  Deferred income taxes                                                                                29,266                11,360
  Other                                                                                                10,301                11,456
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total other assets                                                                                50,151                33,621
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL                                                                                               $ 142,142             $ 393,249
====================================================================================================================================

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
  Callable long-term debt                                                                           $      --             $ 271,307
  Current portion of long-term debt                                                                        --                    88
  Accounts payable - trade                                                                              6,433                 5,858
  Accrued compensation                                                                                  2,989                 3,479
  Accrued income taxes                                                                                    449                 3,194
  Liabilities of discontinued businesses                                                               18,011                38,932
  Other current liabilities                                                                            14,539                 8,364
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total current liabilities                                                                         42,421               331,222
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LONG-TERM DEBT PAYABLE TO BANKS AND OTHERS                                                            107,564                   658
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DEFERRED INCOME TAXES                                                                                   1,188                 5,298
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES                                                                             7,176                 4,196
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Notes 11 and 12)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT):
  Preferred stock - authorized, 300,000 shares; none issued
  Common stock - authorized, 14,700,000 shares of $.01 par value, issued,
     6,739,264 and 6,718,614 shares in 2002 and 2001, respectively                                         67                    67
  Additional paid-in capital                                                                           78,286                78,091
  Notes receivable from officers                                                                         (123)                 (191)
  Accumulated deficit                                                                                 (82,227)              (10,446)
  Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)                                                               (2,888)               (6,323)
  Unearned compensation                                                                                  (236)                 (253)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                       (7,121)               60,945
  Less treasury stock, at cost - 548,186 and 546,428 shares in 2002 and
     2001, respectively                                                                                (9,086)               (9,070)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total stockholders' equity (deficit)                                                             (16,207)               51,875
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL                                                                                               $ 142,142             $ 393,249
====================================================================================================================================
</TABLE>


See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                                                              7
                                                              2002 ANNUAL REPORT
<PAGE>
STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS
(In thousands, except share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                             YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                            2002                       2001                2000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                      <C>                        <C>                 <C>
Net sales                                                                $    72,285                $    70,481         $    60,836
Cost of sales                                                                 39,893                     40,554              35,743
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Gross profit                                                             32,392                     29,927              25,093
General, administrative and selling expenses                                  20,030                     23,679              19,126
Interest expense                                                               8,055                      4,869               2,947
Interest income                                                                  (69)                       (95)               (339)
Other income - net                                                            (1,537)                       (61)               (651)
Forbearance fees                                                               2,651                         --                  --
Corporate office restructuring charge                                          1,629                     11,165                  --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes                   1,633                     (9,630)              4,010
Provision (benefit) for income taxes                                             860                     (3,584)              1,524
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from continuing operations                                         773                     (6,046)              2,486
Discontinued operations:
  Income from sale of businesses and income (loss) from
     operations of discontinued businesses (less applicable
     income taxes (benefits) of $8,012, ($7,268), and $2,849
     for 2002, 2001 and 2000 respectively.)                                   16,414                    (66,924)              4,649
  Loss on disposal of discontinued businesses including
     provision of $5,945 for operating losses during phase out
     periods (less applicable income tax (benefits) of ($42,497)             (88,968)                        --                  --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Loss) income before extraordinary charge                                    (71,781)                   (72,970)              7,135
Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt (net of
  applicable tax benefits of $339 for 2000)                                       --                         --                (541)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) income                                                        $   (71,781)               $   (72,970)        $     6,594
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Basic:
     Income (Ioss) from continuing operations                            $      0.13                $     (0.98)        $      0.40
     (Loss) income from discontinued operations                               (11.74)                    (10.85)               0.76
     Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt                                 --                         --               (0.09)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) income per share                                              $    (11.61)               $    (11.83)        $      1.07
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Diluted:
     Income (loss) from continuing operations                            $      0.12                $     (0.98)        $      0.40
     (Loss) income from discontinued operations                               (11.64)               $    (10.85)        $      0.76
     Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt                                 --                         --               (0.09)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (loss) income per share                                              $    (11.52)               $    (11.83)        $      1.07
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weighted - average basic shares outstanding                                6,181,000                  6,167,000           6,139,000
Weighted - average diluted shares outstanding                              6,233,000                  6,167,000           6,150,000
</TABLE>


See notes to consolidated financial statements.


8

TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
<PAGE>
STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS
(In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                   ---------------------------------------
                                                                     2002           2001           2000
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
<S>                                                                <C>            <C>            <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net (loss) income                                                $ (71,781)     $ (72,970)     $   6,594
  Adjustments to reconcile (net loss) net income to net cash
     provided by operating activities:
     Net loss (income) from discontinued operations, including
       asset impairments                                              89,153         66,924         (6,035)
     Gain on sale of discontinued businesses, net of tax             (16,599)            --             --
     Depreciation and amortization                                     3,169          4,143          3,134
     Decrease in net assets of discontinued companies                 16,196         20,447         13,936
     Extraordinary charge for refinancing of debt                         --             --            541
     Gain on sale of marketable securities                                --            (13)            --
     Non-cash interest expense                                         2,528          1,484             --
     Provision for losses on accounts and notes receivable,
       and cost investments                                              366          9,286             82
     Gain on sale or disposal of fixed assets                         (1,352)             5             --
     Changes in assets and liabilities - excluding the effects
       of acquisitions and dispositions:
       Increase in accounts receivable and other receivables          (1,002)        (8,050)          (351)
       (Increase) decrease in inventories                             (3,738)            47           (747)
       Increase in deferred taxes, net                               (22,041)        (7,587)        (3,724)
       Increase in other assets                                         (897)          (616)          (338)
       Increase in accounts payable                                      575            623          1,099
       (Decrease) increase in accrued compensation                      (490)         1,348           (348)
       (Decrease) increase in income taxes payable                    (2,745)        (2,604)         5,372
       Increase in other liabilities                                   8,942          2,572            590
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
Net cash provided by operating activities
  of continuing operations                                               284         15,039         19,805
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Business acquisitions                                                   --             --       (187,086)
  Capital expenditures                                                  (264)          (289)          (449)
  Proceeds from sale of businesses                                   162,200             --             --
  Proceeds from sale of fixed assets                                   2,233              6             --
  Proceeds from sale of marketable securities                             --             56              3
  Decrease in notes and other receivables                                 75            196            144
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                  164,244            (31)      (187,388)
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Payments on long-term debt                                         (38,750)       (82,500)        (3,750)
  Proceeds from long-term debt borrowings and bridge loan                 --         75,000        125,000
  Repayments on proceeds from other debt, net                       (128,280)         4,071         55,987
  Effect of exchange rates on debt                                       183         (2,611)        (2,408)
  Debt issue costs                                                        --         (6,276)        (5,679)
  Exercise of stock options and other                                     79             --            310
  Dividends paid                                                          --         (1,198)        (1,593)
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities
  of continuing operations                                          (166,768)       (13,514)       167,867
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                      (2,240)         1,494            284
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                         2,337            843            559
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                           $      97      $   2,337      $     843
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
Supplemental information:
  Interest payments                                                $  24,573      $  29,475      $  17,959
  Income tax payments                                              $     919      $   2,658      $   2,218
  Increase in senior subordinated note for paid-in-kind
     interest expense                                              $   2,316      $   1,332      $      --
  Warrants issued                                                  $      --      $     214      $      --
                                                                   ---------      ---------      ---------
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements


                                                                               9

                                                              2002 ANNUAL REPORT
<PAGE>
STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
(In thousands, except share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

          YEARS ENDED                        COMMON STOCK                TREASURY STOCK
        MARCH 31, 2002,                 -----------------------      -----------------------
         2001 AND 2000                    SHARES        AMOUNT        SHARES         AMOUNT
        --------------                  ---------     ---------      --------      ---------
<S>                                     <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 1999                 6,653,855     $      67      (546,213)     $  (9,064)
Net income                                     --            --            --             --
   Other comprehensive income:
     Currency translation
       adjustment (net of taxes
       of $80)                                 --            --            --             --
     Unrealized investment
       holding losses (net of
       taxes of $3)                            --            --            --             --
   Cash dividends ($.26 per share)             --            --            --             --
   Issuance of stock under
     stock option plan                     29,200            --            --             --
   Issuance of stock under
     bonus plan                             8,177            --          (181)            (5)
                                        ---------     ---------      --------      ---------
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2000                 6,691,232            67      (546,394)        (9,069)

   Net loss                                    --            --            --             --
   Other comprehensive loss:
     Minimum pension liability
       adjustment (net of taxes
       of $685)                                --            --            --             --
     Currency translation
       adjustment (net of taxes
       of $1,093)                              --            --            --             --
     Unrealized investment
       holding loss                            --            --            --             --
     Less: reclassification
       adjustment for gains
       included in net loss                    --            --            --             --
   Cash dividends ($.195 per share)            --            --            --             --
   Issuance of warrants under
     mezzanine debt                            --            --            --             --
   Issuance of stock under
     stock option plan/other               15,000            --            --             --
   Issuance of stock under
     bonus plan                            12,382            --           (34)            (1)
                                        ---------     ---------      --------      ---------
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2001                 6,718,614            67      (546,428)        (9,070)

   Net loss                                    --            --            --             --
   Other comprehensive loss:
     Reclassification adjustment
       for minimum pension
       liability from sale of
       business                                --            --            --             --
     Currency translation
       adjustment (net of taxes
       of $349)                                --            --            --             --
     Less: reclassification
       adjustment for sale of
       foreign subsidiaries                    --            --            --             --
   Issuance of stock under
     stock option plan/other               10,356            --            --             --
   Issuance of stock under
     bonus plan                            10,294            --        (1,758)           (16)
                                        ---------     ---------      --------      ---------
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2002                 6,739,264     $      67      (548,186)     $  (9,086)
                                        =========     =========      ========      =========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      RETAINED         NOTES      ACCUMULATED
          YEARS ENDED                   ADDITIONAL    EARNINGS       RECEIVABLE      OTHER                         TOTAL
        MARCH 31, 2002,                  PAID-IN     (ACCUMULATED      FROM       COMPREHENSIVE   UNEARNED     COMPREHENSIVE
         2001 AND 2000                   CAPITAL       DEFICIT)       OFFICERS    INCOME (LOSS)  COMPENSATION   INCOME (LOSS)
        --------------                  ---------    -----------    -----------   -------------  ------------   -------------
<S>                                     <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 1999                 $  77,246     $  58,721             --      $  (3,021)     $    (239)
Net income                                     --         6,594             --             --             --      $   6,594
   Other comprehensive income:
     Currency translation
       adjustment (net of taxes
       of $80)                                 --            --             --           (131)            --           (131)
     Unrealized investment
       holding losses (net of
       taxes of $3)                            --            --             --             (5)            --             (5)
   Cash dividends ($.26 per share)             --        (1,593)            --             --             --             --
   Issuance of stock under
     stock option plan                        189            --             --             --             --             --
   Issuance of stock under
     bonus plan                               152            --             --             --            (28)            --
                                        ---------     ---------      ---------      ---------      ---------      ---------
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2000                    77,587        63,722             --         (3,157)          (267)     $   6,458
                                                                                                                  =========
   Net loss                                    --       (72,970)            --             --             --      $ (72,970)
   Other comprehensive loss:
     Minimum pension liability
       adjustment (net of taxes
       of $685)                                --            --             --         (1,141)            --         (1,141)
     Currency translation
       adjustment (net of taxes
       of $1,093)                              --            --             --         (2,029)            --         (2,029)
     Unrealized investment
       holding loss                            --            --             --             (6)            --             (6)
     Less: reclassification
       adjustment for gains
       included in net loss                    --            --             --             10             --             10
   Cash dividends ($.195 per share)            --        (1,198)            --             --             --             --
   Issuance of warrants under
     mezzanine debt                           214            --             --             --             --             --
   Issuance of stock under
     stock option plan/other                  171            --           (191)            --             --             --
   Issuance of stock under
     bonus plan                               119            --             --             --             14             --
                                        ---------     ---------      ---------      ---------      ---------      ---------
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2001                    78,091       (10,446)          (191)        (6,323)          (253)     $ (76,136)
                                                                                                                  =========
   Net loss                                    --       (71,781)            --             --             --      $ (71,781)
   Other comprehensive loss:
     Reclassification adjustment
       for minimum pension
       liability from sale of
       business                                --            --             --          1,141             --          1,141
     Currency translation
       adjustment (net of taxes
       of $349)                                --            --             --           (647)            --           (647)
     Less: reclassification
       adjustment for sale of
       foreign subsidiaries                    --            --             --          2,941             --          2,941
   Issuance of stock under
     stock option plan/other                   92            --             68             --             --             --
   Issuance of stock under
     bonus plan                               103            --             --             --             17             --
                                        ---------     ---------      ---------      ---------      ---------      ---------
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2002                 $  78,286     $ (82,227)     $    (123)     $  (2,888)     $    (236)     $ (68,346)
                                        =========     =========      =========      =========      =========      =========
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.


10

TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
<PAGE>
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES

BUSINESS - The fiscal year for TransTechnology Corporation (the "Company") ends
on March 31. Accordingly, all references to years in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements refer to the fiscal year ended March 31 of the indicated
year unless otherwise specified.

As a result of a restructuring program adopted by the Company during 2002, the
Company has classified all of the business units that made up its Specialty
Fastener segment in prior years and its Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers business,
which had been included in its Aerospace Products segment for the first three
quarters of 2002, as discontinued operations. All references related to ongoing
operations, or the Company, refer only to continuing operations, which consist
of the Breeze-Eastern division and the Norco Inc. subsidiary.

The Company develops, manufactures, sells and services a complete line of
sophisticated lifting and restraining products, principally performance critical
helicopter rescue hoist and cargo hook systems, winches and hoists for aircraft
and weapons systems and aircraft engine compartment hold open rods, actuators
and other motion control devices. The Company has two manufacturing facilities
in the United States.

USE OF ESTIMATES - The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in its consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates used for
asset impairment are based upon future cash flow projections or, in the case of
assets to be sold, appraisals and fair market value estimates obtained from
investment bankers.

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION - The accompanying consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, which
include assets held for sale and liabilities of discontinued businesses.
Intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation.

REVENUE RECOGNITION - Revenue is recognized at the later of 1) when products are
shipped to customers, or 2) when title passes to customers.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - The Company considers all highly liquid investments
with a maturity at date of acquisition of three months or less to be cash
equivalents.

INVENTORIES - Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is
determined using the first-in, first-out method. Cost includes material, labor
and manufacturing overhead costs.

PROPERTY AND RELATED DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION - Property is recorded at
cost. Provisions for depreciation are made on a straight-line basis over the
estimated useful lives of depreciable assets ranging from three to thirty years.
The Company reviews property and equipment and assets held for sale for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Depreciation expense for the
years ended March 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 was $1.1 million, $1.2 million and
$1.1 million, respectively.

COSTS IN EXCESS OF NET ASSETS OF ACQUIRED BUSINESSES - The difference between
the purchase price and the fair value of the net assets of acquired businesses
is included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets under the caption
"Costs in excess of net assets of acquired businesses" and is being amortized
over 40 years. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of such
assets to ensure that the carrying value of such goodwill has not been impaired.

EARNINGS PER SHARE ("EPS") - The computation of basic earnings per share is
based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. The
computation of diluted earnings per share assumes the foregoing and, in
addition, the exercise of all dilutive stock options using the treasury stock
method.

The components of the denominator for basic earnings per common share and
diluted earnings per common share are reconciled as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         2002          2001          2000
                                       ---------     ---------     ---------
<S>                                    <C>           <C>           <C>
Basic earnings per common share:
     Weighted-average common
       shares outstanding              6,181,000     6,167,000     6,139,000
                                       =========     =========     =========
Diluted earnings per common share:
     Weighted-average common
       shares outstanding              6,181,000     6,167,000     6,139,000
     Stock options                        52,000            --        11,000
                                       ---------     ---------     ---------
Denominator for diluted
  earnings per common share            6,233,000     6,167,000     6,150,000
                                       =========     =========     =========
</TABLE>

Options to purchase 450,183 shares of common stock at prices between $8.84 and
$27.88 were outstanding during 2002 but were not included in the computation of
diluted EPS because the options' exercise prices were greater than the average
market price of the common shares. Similarly, during 2001, options to purchase
505,971 shares of common stock at prices between $8.84 and $27.88 were
outstanding but were not included in the computation of diluted EPS. During
2000, options to purchase 288,759 shares of common stock at prices between


                                                                              11

                                                              2002 ANNUAL REPORT
<PAGE>
$15.13 and $30.13 were outstanding but were not included in the computation of
diluted EPS.

RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND ENGINEERING COSTS - Research and development costs and
engineering costs, which are charged to expense when incurred, amounted to $2.4
million, $2.4 million and $1.8 million in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.
Included in these amounts were expenditures of $1.2 million, $1.2 million and
$1.3 million in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively, which represent costs related
to research and development activities.

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION - The assets and liabilities of the Company's
international operations have been translated into U.S. dollars at year-end
exchange rates, with resulting translation gains and losses accumulated as a
separate component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Income and expense
items are converted into U.S. dollars at average rates of exchange prevailing
during the year. Cumulative translation adjustments related to companies which
have been sold have been reflected in the operating results from discontinued
operations.

INCOME TAXES - Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. The
Company periodically assesses recoverability of deferred tax assets and
provisions for valuation allowances are made as required.

INVESTMENTS - In 2001, the Company wrote off its investment in an investee in
the amount of $3.2 million, together with a note receivable in the amount of
$3.7 million, as a result of a foreclosure on the investee's outstanding loans
by its senior lenders.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - The Company does not hold or issue financial instruments
for trading purposes. The estimated liability relating to interest rate swap
agreements has been accrued during 2002. See Note 9 for further discussion.

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS - In June 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ("FASB") issued SFAS No. 138, "Accounting for Certain Derivative Financial
Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities - an amendment of FASB Statement No.
133". This statement amends the accounting and reporting standards of SFAS 133
for certain derivative instruments and for certain hedging activities. The
Company adopted SFAS 133 and SFAS 138 on April 1, 2001. The effect of the
adoption of these pronouncements was a charge of approximately $3.6 million
($2.0 million after tax) to other comprehensive income attributable to the net
liability to be recorded which was subsequently included as a component of loss
on disposal of discontinued businesses.

In July 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 "Business Combinations" and SFAS No.
142 "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." SFAS No. 141 requires business
combinations initiated after June 30, 2001 to be accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting, and broadens the criteria for recording
intangible assets separate from goodwill. SFAS No. 142 requires the use of a
non-amortization approach to account for purchased goodwill and certain
intangibles. Under a non-amortization approach, goodwill and certain intangibles
will not be amortized into results of operations, but instead will be reviewed
for impairment and written down and charged to results of operations only in the
periods in which the recorded value of goodwill and certain intangibles is more
than its fair value. The provisions of each statement, which apply to good-will
and intangible assets acquired prior to June 30, 2001, will be adopted by the
Company on April 1, 2002. The Company expects the adoption of these accounting
standards will have the impact of reducing amortization of goodwill and
intangibles commencing April 1, 2002; however, impairment reviews may result in
future periodic write-downs. Goodwill amortization for the years ended March 31,
2002, 2001 and 2000 was $0.2 million in each of the three years.

In July 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 143 "Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations", which requires that the fair value of a liability for an asset
retirement obligation be recognized in the period in which it is incurred and
the associated asset retirement to be capitalized as part of the carrying amount
of the long-lived asset. SFAS 143 is effective for years beginning after June
15, 2002. In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144 "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets", which requires all long-lived
assets classified as held for sale to be valued at the lower of their carrying
amount or fair value less cost to sell and which broadens the presentation of
discontinued operations to include more disposal transactions. SFAS 144 is
effective for years beginning after December 15, 2001. The Company is currently
evaluating the effect, if any, that the adoption of SFAS 143 will have on the
Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
The Company has adopted SFAS 144 in connection with the sale of Aerospace Rivet
Manufacturers Corporation, which has been recorded as part of discontinued
operations in the accompanying financial statements.

IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS - The Company, in the event that circumstances
arise that indicate that its long-lived assets may be impaired, performs
evaluations of asset impairment in accordance with SFAS No. 121, "Accounting for
the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed
Of." The assets' carrying values are compared to the estimated future
undiscounted cash flows of the assets, or expected sale proceeds for assets
anticipated to be sold, to determine if a write-down is required. The Company
reported an impairment of long-lived assets in 2001, as discussed in Note 2.

SEGMENT INFORMATION - The Company operates in only one business segment, the
design, manufacture and sale of equipment for use in the aerospace industry.


12

TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
<PAGE>
2. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS AND RESTRUCTURING

On January 19, 2001, the Company announced its intention to restructure and
divest its cold-headed products (TCR), retaining ring (Seeger-Orbis,
TransTechnology (GB), TT Brasil, and TransTechnology Engineered Rings USA), hose
clamp (Breeze Industrial and Pebra) and aerospace rivet (Aerospace Rivet
Manufacturers Corp.) operations. In addition, on April 12, 2001, the Company
announced that it would divest TransTechnology Engineered Components (TTEC), a
manufacturer of spring steel engineered fasteners and headlight adjusters. For
business segment reporting purposes, these above-mentioned business units,
excluding ARM for 2002, have previously been classified as the "Specialty
Fasteners Segment." The Company has reclassified these business units as
discontinued operations for all periods presented.

A portion of the Company's interest expense has been allocated to discontinued
operations based upon the net asset balances attributable to those operations.
Interest expense allocated to discontinued operations was $17.0 million, $29.6
million and $17.0 million, in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Income taxes
have been allocated to discontinued operations based on the estimated tax
attributes of the income and assets of the underlying discontinued businesses.

On July 10, 2001, the Company sold its Breeze Industrial and Pebra hose clamp
businesses to Industrial Growth Partners and members of Breeze Industrial's
management for $46.2 million, which was paid in cash. In a related transaction,
the Company sold the real estate occupied by Breeze Industrial to a
quasi-governmental organization for $2.0 million. Proceeds from the sales were
used to repay borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility.

On December 5, 2001, the Company sold its TransTechnology Engineered Components
("TTEC") businesses to a company formed by affiliates of Kohlberg & Company,
L.L.C. for $98.5 million, of which $96.0 million was cash and the balance the
assumption of certain liabilities related to the purchased businesses. The cash
proceeds of the sale were used to repay borrowings outstanding under the Credit
Facility. In the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2001, as part of its
restructuring program, the Company reported a pre-tax asset impairment charge
for TTEC in the amount of $85.8 million to reduce the carrying value of these
businesses to estimated fair market value. This non-cash charge was specifically
related to the write-down of goodwill. The sale proceeds of TTEC approximated
its adjusted carrying value.

On February 21, 2002, the Company sold its Seeger-Orbis retaining ring business
in Germany to Barnes Group Inc. for $20.0 million cash. The net proceeds of the
sale were used to repay borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility. The
balance sheet of the Company contains a non-current asset and a non-current
liability in the amount of $3.1 million relating to the pension plan of
Seeger-Orbis. These amounts represent the legal liability of the Company under
German law and the indemnification received from the buyer of the business for
that liability.

On April 16, 2002, the Company sold its Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers
Corporation subsidiary to Allfast Fastening Systems, Inc. for $3.2 million cash.
The net proceeds of the sale were used to repay borrowings outstanding under the
Credit Facility.

On May 30, 2002, the Company completed the sale of substantially all of the net
assets of its U.S. retaining ring business for $2.9 million of cash, a
promissory note of $0.8 million and warrants for 5% of the equity of the
purchaser.

Net sales and losses from the discontinued operations were as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                2002           2001           2000
                              ---------      ---------      ---------
<S>                           <C>            <C>            <C>
Net sales                     $ 161,389      $ 257,590      $ 238,416
                              ---------      ---------      ---------
Loss on disposal of
  discontinued businesses
  including provision for
  operating losses during
  phase out period            $(131,465)     $      --      $      --
Income from sale of
  businesses and income
  (loss) from operations
  of discontinued
  businesses prior to
  phase out period               24,426        (74,192)         7,498
Income tax (benefit)
  provision                     (34,485)        (7,268)         2,849
                              ---------      ---------      ---------
Net (loss) income from
  discontinued operations     $ (72,554)     $ (66,924)     $   4,649
                              =========      =========      =========
</TABLE>

The 2002 loss was comprised of $110.3 million of impairment charges related to
reducing the carrying values of the discontinued businesses to their estimated
net realizable values; $3.7 million of actual operating income of the
discontinued businesses through their expected divestiture dates; $17.0 million
of allocated interest expense; $8.4 million from the write-off of capitalized
loan fees and the mark to market of interest rate swaps required under the terms
of the Company's credit agreements; $24.7 million of gains recognized on the
sale of certain business units; and, $0.2 million of other income or credits
associated with the discontinued operations. These gains and losses, which
aggregated $107.1 million, were reduced by a tax benefit of $34.5 million. The
fiscal 2001 loss from discontinued operations consisted of $67.9 million of
impairment charges; $23.2 million of operating income of the discontinued
businesses; and $29.6 million of allocated interest expense. These fiscal 2001
losses, which aggregated $74.2 million, were reduced by a tax benefit of $7.3
million. The fiscal 2000 income from discontinued operations included $24.5
million of operating income from the discontinued businesses and $17.0 million
of allocated interest expense, the net of which was reduced by an income tax
provision of $2.8 million.


                                                                              13

                                                              2002 ANNUAL REPORT
<PAGE>
Assets and liabilities of the discontinued businesses were as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    2002         2001
                                  --------     --------
<S>                               <C>          <C>
Current assets                    $ 23,458     $ 87,533
Property, plant and equipment        6,904       71,952
Other assets                         8,124      147,529
                                  --------     --------
Assets held for sale              $ 38,486     $307,014
                                  ========     ========
Current liabilities               $ 16,752     $ 29,396
Long-term liabilities                1,259        9,536
                                  --------     --------
Liabilities of
  discontinued businesses         $ 18,011     $ 38,932
                                  ========     ========
</TABLE>

3. INVENTORIES

Inventories at March 31, consisted of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      2002        2001
                                     -------     -------
<S>                                  <C>         <C>
Finished goods                       $   209     $     5
Work in process                        5,034       6,155
Purchased and manufactured parts      18,452      13,797
                                     -------     -------
Total                                $23,695     $19,957
                                     =======     =======
</TABLE>

4. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

Other current liabilities at March 31, consisted of the following (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    2002        2001
                                  -------     -------
<S>                               <C>         <C>
Interest rate swap obligation     $ 3,827     $    90
Accrued interest                    2,606       3,293
Other                               8,106       4,981
                                  -------     -------
Total                             $14,539     $ 8,364
                                  =======     =======
</TABLE>

5. INCOME TAXES

The components of total income (loss) from operations (including continuing and
discontinued operations and extraordinary items) before income taxes were (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               2002            2001          2000
             ---------      ---------      ---------
<S>          <C>            <C>            <C>
Domestic     $ (86,453)     $ (51,288)     $  16,008
Foreign        (18,952)       (32,534)        (5,378)
             ---------      ---------      ---------
Total        $(105,405)     $  83,822      $  10,630
             =========      =========      =========
</TABLE>

The (benefit) provision for income taxes is summarized below (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             2002          2001         2000
                           --------      --------     ---------
<S>                        <C>           <C>          <C>
Currently (receivable)
  payable:
    Federal                $ (9,372)     $ (5,600)    $   3,285
    Foreign                      46           105         1,318
    State                       400           452           419
                           --------      --------     ---------
                             (8,926)       (5,043)        5,022
                           --------      --------     ---------
Deferred                    (29,556)      (15,455)         (988)
Valuation allowance           4,857         9,646            --
                           --------      --------     ---------
                            (24,699)       (5,809)         (988)
                           --------      --------     ---------
Total                      $(33,625)     $(10,852)    $   4,034
                           ========      ========     =========
</TABLE>

The provision (benefit) for income taxes is allocated between continuing and
discontinued operations and extraordinary items as summarized below (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                    2002          2001          2000
                  --------      --------      --------
<S>               <C>           <C>           <C>
Continuing        $    860      $ (3,584)     $  1,524
Extraordinary           --            --          (339)
Discontinued       (34,485)       (7,268)        2,849
                  --------      --------      --------
Total             $(33,625)     $(10,852)     $  4,034
                  ========      ========      ========
</TABLE>

The consolidated effective tax rates for continuing operations differ from the
federal statutory rates as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    2002      2001       2000
                                    ----      -----      ----
<S>                                 <C>       <C>        <C>
Statutory federal rate              35.0%     (35.0%)    35.0%
State income taxes after
  federal income tax                15.9       (4.6)      3.1
Earnings of the foreign
  sales corporation                   --         --     (14.5)
Amortization of purchase
  price of businesses not
  deductible for tax purposes        0.9        1.8      10.0
AMT credit                            --       (0.5)       --
Other                                0.6        1.1      (4.4)
                                    ----      -----      ----
Consolidated effective tax rate     52.4%     (37.2%)    38.0%
                                    ====      =====      ====
</TABLE>

The following is an analysis of accumulated deferred income taxes (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           2002          2001
                                         --------      --------
<S>                                      <C>           <C>
Assets:
  Current:
     Bad debts                           $    243      $    408
     Employee benefit accruals                638           884
     Inventory                              1,111           680
     Net operating loss carryforward           --           100
     Other                                   (454)         (560)
                                         --------      --------
         Total current                      1,538         1,512
                                         --------      --------
  Noncurrent:
     Employee benefit accruals               (795)          754
     Environmental                          1,329           389
     Accrued liabilities                    1,836           984
     AMT credit                                --           453
     Net operating loss carryforward       43,101        16,818
     Other                                 (1,702)        1,608
     Valuation allowance                  (14,503)       (9,646)
                                         --------      --------
       Total noncurrent                    29,266        11,360
                                         --------      --------
Total assets                             $ 30,804      $ 12,872
                                         ========      ========
Liabilities:
     Property                            $  1,188      $  5,298
                                         ========      ========
Total liabilities                        $  1,188      $  5,298
                                         ========      ========
</TABLE>

The cumulative amount of undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries
for which U.S. income taxes have not been provided was approximately $2.2
million at March 31, 2002. It is not practical to estimate the amount of
unrecognized deferred U.S. taxes on these undistributed earnings.

The valuation allowance required under Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for Income


14

TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
<PAGE>
Taxes," has been established for deferred income tax benefits related to certain
foreign subsidiary loss carryforwards that may not be realized.

The Company has federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of
$53.8 million, $75.0 million and $40.0 million, respectively, which will be
available to offset taxable income during the carryforward period. The tax
benefits of these items are reflected in the above analysis of deferred tax
assets and liabilities. If not used, some of these carryforwards begin to expire
in 2004 through 2022.

6. LONG-TERM DEBT PAYABLE TO BANKS AND OTHERS

Long-term debt payable to banks and others, including current maturities, at
March 31 consisted of the following (in thousands):

                                                           2002         2001
                                                         --------     --------
Credit agreement - 7.25%                                 $ 17,000     $     --
Credit agreement - 8.0%                                     9,562           --
Credit agreement - 25.0%                                    2,500           --
Credit agreement - 10.5%                                       --        2,900
Credit agreement - 9.95%                                       --      153,368
Term loan - 9.06%                                              --       38,750
Senior Subordinated Notes - 16%                            78,648       76,332
Other                                                          --          892
                                                         --------     --------
                                                          107,710      272,242
Less current maturities and
  amounts callable by lenders                                  --      271,395
Less unamortized discount                                     146          189
                                                         --------     --------
Total long-term debt                                     $107,564     $    658
                                                         ========     ========

CREDIT FACILITIES - Effective December 31, 2000, the Company was not able to
meet certain financial ratio requirements of the senior credit facility (the
"Credit Facility") as amended. Pursuant to discussions with the senior debt
lenders (the "Lenders"), the Company and the Lenders agreed to an amendment to
the Credit Facility to include a forbearance agreement as well as certain other
fees and conditions, including the suspension of dividend payments. During the
forbearance period the Lenders agreed not to exercise certain of their rights
and remedies under the Credit Facility. The Company, accordingly, classified its
bank debt as "current" at March 31, 2001, to reflect the fact that the
forbearance period was less than one year. The term of the forbearance period,
initially scheduled to expire on January 31, 2001, was subsequently extended by
an additional amendment to March 29, 2001. This additional amendment also
reduced the Revolver from $200 million to $175 million with an additional
sub-limit on usage at $162 million. Prior to the March 29, 2001 expiration date,
the Lenders agreed to extend the termination date until June 27, 2001, provided
that certain performance and debt reduction requirements occurred in which case
the forbearance termination date could be further extended under similar terms
and conditions until September 27, 2001. The debt reduction requirements of the
forbearance agreement stipulated that $50 million was to be repaid prior to June
27, 2001, which was deemed satisfied by the Lenders, because of the impending
sale of the Company's Breeze Industrial and Pebra divisions in July 2001.
Effective as of September 27, 2001, a further extension to the forbearance
termination date was granted until December 21, 2001, provided that certain
performance conditions were met and certain fees and increased interest charges
were paid.

Effective December 5, 2001, the Company sold its Engineered Components division
for $98.5 million including cash of $93.1 million, which was used to retire
senior debt. An additional $2.9 million in cash was received on January 17,
2002. In anticipation of this debt reduction, a further extension to the
forbearance termination date was granted effective December 4, 2001 until March
27, 2002 provided certain conditions were met. This forbearance agreement
extension retained a provision that $2.5 million of the outstanding revolver
bears an interest rate of 25% per annum. This amount relates to the subordinated
debt interest payment made on its scheduled due date of October 1, 2001. Under
the forbearance agreement, the $2.5 million will be the last piece of the
revolver paid. This agreement was further amended on January 31, 2002, to modify
certain provisions with respect to borrowing limits and on March 27, 2002, was
extended until April 4, 2002. On April 3, 2002, a further extension to the
forbearance termination date was granted until September 25, 2002, provided
certain conditions are met. The current forbearance agreement retains a
provision that an additional $2.5 million of the outstanding revolver bears an
interest rate of 25% per annum. This amount relates to the subordinated debt
interest payment made on April 4, 2002. This current forbearance agreement also
requires the achievement of minimum levels of EBITDA (earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization), adherence to borrowing limits as adjusted
based on anticipated debt reduction, restrictions on the level of spending for
capital expenditures as well as an agreement with the subordinated debt holders
to refinance the obligation to the senior debt holders. Other terms of the
forbearance agreement include certain fees, reporting and consulting
requirements.

The Company has taken action to reduce its debt by selling its
Breeze-Industrial, Pebra, Engineered Components, Seeger-Orbis and Aerospace
Rivet Manufacturers business as well as taking action to arrange for the sale of
the other businesses in its discontinued Specialty Fastener Segment so as to be
in an improved financial position to negotiate further amendments or borrowing
alternatives. The Company has made all of its scheduled interest and principal
payments on a timely basis.
                                                                              15

                                                              2002 ANNUAL REPORT
<PAGE>
The Company has unused borrowing capacity for both domestic and international
operations of $7.2 million as of March 31, 2002, including letters of credit.
The Credit Facility is secured by all of the Company's assets. As of March 31,
2002, the Company had total borrowings of $107.6 million, which have a current
weighted-average interest rate of 14.1% excluding the impact of interest rate
swaps. The impact of interest rate swaps as further discussed below was provided
for as a charge to discontinued operations in the three month period ended
September 30, 2001. The interest rate swap contracts provide for a fixed rate of
interest on $125 million notional amount of debt, which currently exceeds the
Company's outstanding variable rate based debt by approximately $96 million.

Borrowings under the Credit Facility as of March 31, 2002, were $29.1 million.
Interest on the Revolver is tied to the primary bank's prime rate, or at the
Company's option, the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), plus a margin
that varies depending upon the Company's achievement of certain operating
results. As of March 31, 2002, $9.6 million of the Company's outstanding
borrowings utilized LIBOR, all of which were payable in Pounds sterling. The
remainder of the Company's outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility
utilized the prime rate.

Effective July 10, 2001, the Term Loan of $38.8 million was repaid in full from
the proceeds of the sale of Breeze Industrial and Pebra.

The Credit Facility requires the Company to maintain interest rate protection on
a minimum of 50% of its variable rate debt. The Company has, accordingly,
provided for this protection by means of interest rate swap agreements which
have fixed the rate of interest on $50.0 million of debt at a base rate of 5.48%
through May 4, 2002, and $75.0 million of debt at a base rate of 6.58% through
March 3, 2003. Due to a decline in interest rates since the inception of these
swap agreements, the fair value of the agreements has become unfavorable to the
Company. At September 30, 2001, the Company recorded a charge and a liability in
the amount of $5.1 million before tax to recognize the liability based on the
expected retirement of the associated Credit Facility with the proceeds from the
sale of the discontinued business units this fiscal year. The Company increased
this charge by $0.6 million at December 30, 2001. This pre-tax charge to
terminate these interest rate swap agreements is accordingly included with the
loss on disposal of the discontinued businesses.

Under the Credit Facility agreement, the base interest rate is added to the
applicable interest rate margin to determine the total interest rate in effect.
The Credit Facility contains other customary financial covenants, including the
requirement to maintain certain financial ratios relating to performance,
interest expense and debt levels.

On June 13, 2002, the Company received a commitment to refinance its senior debt
for a period of three years and a commitment from the note holders to amend the
financial covenants to bring the company into compliance. Management expects to
complete the proposed refinancing by the end of June 2002 and has, accordingly,
classified its senior debt, as well as its senior subordinated notes, as long
term. Under the commitment, $8.4 million is due in 2004, $3.4 million is due in
2005 and the remainder, including all subordinated debt is due in 2006.

SENIOR SUBORDINATED NOTES - On August 30, 2000, the Company completed a private
placement of $75 million in senior subordinated notes (the "Notes") and certain
warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock (the "Warrants") to a
group of institutional investors (collectively, the "Purchasers"). The Notes are
due on August 29, 2005 and bear interest at a rate of 16% per annum, consisting
of 13% cash interest on principal, payable quarterly, and 3% interest on
principal, payable quarterly in "payment-in-kind" promissory notes. Prepayment
of the Notes is permitted after August 29, 2001 at a premium initially of 9%,
declining to 5%, 3%, and 1% annually, respectively, thereafter. The Notes
contain customary financial covenants and events of default, including a cross-
default provision to the Company's Credit Facility.

The Warrants entitle the Purchasers to acquire in the aggregate 427,602 shares,
or 6.5%, of the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $9.93 a
share, which represents the average daily closing price of the Company's common
stock on the New York Stock Exchange for the thirty (30) days preceding the
completion of the private placement. The Warrants must be exercised by August
29, 2010. These Warrants have been valued at an appraised amount of $0.2 million
and have been recorded in paid in capital. In connection with the transaction,
the Company and certain of its subsidiaries signed a Consent and Amendment
Agreement with the Lenders under the Company's $250 million Credit Facility
existing at that time, in which the Lenders consented to the private placement
and amended certain financial covenants associated with the Credit Facility.

7. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
   AND EMPLOYEE/DIRECTOR STOCK OPTIONS

The Company maintains the amended and restated 1992 long-term incentive plan
(the "1992 Plan"), the 1998 non-employee directors stock option plan (the "1998
Plan") and the 1999 long-term incentive plan (the "1999 Plan").

Under the terms of the 1992 Plan, 800,000 of the Company's common shares may be
granted as stock options or awarded as restricted stock to officers, directors
and certain employees of the Company through September 2002. Under the terms of
the 1999 plan, 300,000 of the Company's common shares may


16

TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
<PAGE>
be granted as stock options or awarded as restricted stock to officers,
directors and certain employees of the Company through July 2009. Under both
plans, option exercise prices equal the fair market value of the common shares
at their grant dates. For grants made prior to May 1999, options expire not
later than five years after the date of the grant. Options granted beginning in
May 1999 to officers and employees expire not later than 10 years after the date
of the grant. Options granted to directors and to officers and employees with
the annual cash bonus vest ratably over three years beginning one year after the
date of the grant. Restricted stock is payable in equivalent number of common
shares. The shares are distributable in a single installment and, with respect
to officers and employees, restrictions lapse ratably over a three-year period
from the date of the award, and with respect to directors, the restrictions
lapse after one year.

Under the terms of the 1998 Plan, non-employee directors are entitled to receive
matching options for a) each share of the Company's common stock which they hold
at the end of a 60-day period following initial election as a director, but not
to exceed 25,000 shares, with the strike price of the option being the fair
market value of the shares at their grant dates, and b) thereafter, for each
share of the Company's common stock that they purchase on the open market, with
the strike price of the option being the purchase price of the share, up to a
maximum of 5,000 options in any twelve month period or 15,000 options over a
three-year period. Options granted under the 1998 Plan vest on the first
anniversary of the grant. Options expire not later than five years after the
date of the grant.

The Company continues to apply the accounting standards set forth in APB No. 25.
However, disclosures are required of pro forma net income and earnings per share
as if the Company had adopted the accounting provisions of SFAS No. 123,
"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation". Based on Black-Scholes values, pro
forma net income for 2002, 2001 and 2000 would be $(72.4) million, $(73.3)
million and $6.2 million, respectively; pro forma earnings per common share for
2002, 2001 and 2000 would be $(11.62), $(11.89) and $1.00, respectively.

The following table summarizes stock option activity over the past three years
under the plan:

                                                       WEIGHTED
                                                       AVERAGE
                                           NUMBER      EXERCISE
                                          OF SHARES     PRICE
                                          ---------    --------
Outstanding at March 31, 1999              438,046      17.66
  Granted                                  155,715      18.90
  Exercised                                (29,200)     14.53
  Canceled or expired                      (75,521)     15.47
                                           -------
Outstanding at March 31, 2000              489,040      19.56
  Granted                                  151,737       9.74
  Exercised                                (15,000)     11.38
  Canceled or expired                      (83,606)     20.19
                                           -------
Outstanding at March 31, 2001              542,171      18.25
  Granted                                  159,000       7.63
  Exercised                                (10,356)      8.84
  Canceled or expired                     (150,268)     18.86
                                           -------
Outstanding at March 31, 2002              540,547      16.30
                                           =======


Options exercisable at March 31, 2000      183,829      19.13
Options exercisable at March 31, 2001      247,119      20.92
Options exercisable at March 31, 2002      318,189      19.00


In 2002, 2001 and 2000 the Company awarded restricted stock totaling 10,294
shares, 12,382 shares and 8,177 shares, respectively. The weighted-average fair
value of this restricted stock was $10.12, $9.63 and $18.60 in 2002, 2001 and
2000, respectively. The expense recorded in 2002, 2001 and 2000 for restricted
stock was $25,000, $133,000 and $124,000, respectively.

The weighted-average Black-Scholes value per option granted in 2002, 2001 and
2000 was $4.22, $3.00 and $4.74, respectively. The following weighted-average
assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model for options
granted in 2002, 2001 and 2000:


                             2002      2001      2000
                             ----      ----      ----
Dividend yield                0.0%      0.9%      1.3%
Volatility                   75.6%     38.4%     25.0%
Risk-free interest rate       3.3%      6.3%      5.5%
Expected term of options
  (in years)                  4.0       4.0       4.0

                                                                              17

                                                              2002 ANNUAL REPORT
<PAGE>
For options outstanding and exercisable at March 31, 2002, the exercise price
ranges and average remaining lives were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        OPTIONS OUTSTANDING                                      OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                    -----------------------------------------------------------       --------------------------------------

RANGE OF            NUMBER OUTSTANDING   WEIGHTED AVERAGE       WEIGHTED AVERAGE      NUMBER EXERCISABLE     WEIGHTED AVERAGE
EXERCISE PRICES     AT MARCH 31, 2002     REMAINING LIFE         EXERCISE PRICE        AT MARCH 31, 2002      EXERCISE PRICE
- ---------------     -----------------     --------------         --------------        -----------------      --------------
<S>                 <C>                  <C>                    <C>                   <C>                    <C>
$   3-10                 242,995                 4                 $   7.61                   62,185            $  6.53
   10-15                   8,285                 3                 $  11.43                    2,857            $ 11.52
   15-21                 186,499                 2                 $  18.97                  144,740            $ 19.07
   21-28                 102,768                 1                 $  27.11                  102,768            $ 27.11
                         -------                                   --------                  -------            -------
                         540,547                 2                 $  15.30                  312,550            $ 19.15
                         =======                                   ========                  =======            =======
</TABLE>

NOTES RECEIVABLE FROM OFFICERS - Notes receivable from an officer result from
the exercise of stock options in exchange for notes. The notes are full recourse
promissory notes bearing interest at 5% and are collateralized by the stock
issued upon exercise of the stock options. Principal and interest are due in May
2003.

8. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

The Company has a defined contribution plan covering all eligible employees.
Contributions are based on certain percentages of an employee's eligible
compensation. Expenses related to this plan were $1.0 million, $0.9 million and
$0.9 million in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

The Company provides postretirement benefits to union employees at one of the
Company's divisions. The Company funds these benefits on a pay-as-you-go basis.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)
                          POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
                          -----------------------
                           YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                           --------------------
                           2002    2001    2000
                           ----    ----    ----
<S>                       <C>      <C>     <C>
COMPONENTS OF NET
  PERIODIC BENEFIT COST:
Service cost               $ --    $ --    $ --
Interest cost                86      88      87
Amortization of
  net loss                   53      19      28
                           ----    ----    ----
Net periodic
  benefit cost             $139    $107    $115
                           ====    ====    ====

WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
  ASSUMPTION AS OF
  MARCH 31:
Discount rate              7.25%   7.25%   7.75%
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                      POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
                      -----------------------
                       YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                       --------------------
                         2002        2001
                        -------    -------
<S>                   <C>          <C>
CHANGE IN BENEFIT
  OBLIGATION:
Benefit obligation at
  beginning of year     $ 1,258    $ 1,204
Service cost                 --         --
Interest cost                86         88
Actuarial gain               --         88
Benefits paid              (139)      (122)
                        -------    -------
Benefit obligation at
  end of year           $ 1,205    $ 1,258
                        =======    =======
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                      POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
                      -----------------------
                        YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                        --------------------
                          2002       2001
                         -------    -------
<S>                   <C>           <C>
RECONCILIATION OF
  FUNDED STATUS:
Funded status            $(1,205)   $(1,258)
Unrecognized actuarial
  loss                       259        312
                         -------    -------
Accrued liability        $  (946)   $  (946)
                         =======    =======
</TABLE>


18

TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION


<PAGE>
For measurement purposes, a 9.5% and 10.0% annual rate of increase in the per
capita cost of covered health care benefits was assumed for 2002 and 2001,
respectively. The rate was assumed to decrease gradually to 5.0% by 2011 and
remain at that level thereafter. Under the Plan, the actuarially determined
effect of a one-percentage point change in the assumed health case cost trend
would have the following effects.
                                           ONE            ONE
                                        PERCENTAGE     PERCENTAGE
                                          POINT          POINT
                                        INCREASE       DECREASE
Effect on total of service              --------       ---------
  and interest cost components            $  6         $  (6)
Effect on accumulated
  postretirement benefit obligation         87           (76)

The balance sheet of the Company contains a non-current asset and a non-current
liability in the amount of $3.1 million relating to the pension plan of a
divested company. These amounts represent the legal liability of the company
under German law and the indemnification received from the buyer of the business
for that liability.

9. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

INTEREST RATE SWAP AGREEMENTS - Under the terms of its Credit Facility, the
Company is required to maintain certain levels of interest rate protection
through interest rate swap agreements. As a result, the Company has entered
into interest rate swap agreements to effectively convert all or a portion of
its floating-rate debt to fixed-rate debt in order to reduce the Company's risk
to movements in interest rates. Such agreements involve the exchange of fixed
and floating interest rate payments over the life of the agreement without the
exchange of the underlying principal amounts. Accordingly, the impact of fluc-
tuations in interest rates on these interest rate swap agreements is fully
offset by the opposite impact on the related debt. Swap agreements are only
entered into with strong creditworthy counterparties. The swap agreements in
effect were as follows:

                   NOTIONAL
                   AMOUNT                     RECEIVE      PAY
                (IN THOUSANDS)   MATURITIES    RATE(1)     RATE
                -------------    ----------   --------     ----
March 31, 2002     $25,000          5/02       1.88%       5.48%
                    25,000          5/02       1.88        5.48
                    37,500          3/03       1.90        6.58
                    37,500          3/03       1.90        6.58

(1) Based on three-month LIBOR

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - The following methods and assumptions were
used by the Company in estimating the fair value of each class of financial
instruments:

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - The carrying amount reported in the balance sheet
for cash and cash equivalents approximates its fair value.

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, DEBT, ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND OTHER LIABILITIES - The carrying
amounts of these items approximates their fair value.

CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK - The Company is subject to a concentration of
credit risk primarily with its trade and notes receivable. The Company grants
credit to certain customers who meet pre-established credit requirements, and
generally requires no collateral from its customers. Estimates of potential
credit losses are provided for in the Company's consolidated financial
statements and are within management's expectations and industry averages. As of
March 31, 2002, the Company had no other significant concentrations of credit
risk.

INTEREST RATE SWAPS - The fair value of the Company's interest rate swaps
are the estimated amounts the Company would pay or receive to terminate the
agreements at March 31, 2002 and 2001 based upon quoted market prices as
provided by financial institutions which are counterparties to the agreements
and were as follows (in thousands):
                                      2002                     2001
                                      (PAY)                    (PAY)
                                     --------                 --------
Interest rate swap agreements        $(3,353)                 $(3,207)

The impact of interest rate swaps as discussed above was provided for as a
charge to discontinued operations in the three-month period ended September 30,
2001. The interest rate swap contracts provide for a fixed rate of interest on
$125 million notional amount of debt, which currently exceeds the Company's
outstanding variable rate based debt by approximately $98 million.

10. EXTRAORDINARY ITEM

In 2000, the Company refinanced its credit facilities. Due to the termination of
the prior credit agreement, the Company recognized an extraordinary charge of
$0.5 million, net of tax, to write-off the unamortized portion of loan
origination fees associated with the prior agreement.

11. COMMITMENTS

Rent expense under operating leases for the years ended March 31, 2002, 2001,
and 2000 was $1.1 million, $0.6 million and $0.6 million, respectively.

                                                                              19

                                                              2002 ANNUAL REPORT
<PAGE>
The Company and its subsidiaries have minimum rental commitments under
noncancelable operating leases, primarily leased buildings, as follows (in
thousands):

2003                                              $901
2004                                               403
2005                                                96
2006                                                50
2007                                                25
Beyond 2007                                          -
                                               -------
Total                                          $ 1,475
                                               -------
12. CONTINGENCIES

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000, the Company
presented an environmental cleanup plan for a portion of a site in Pennsylvania
which continues to be owned although the related business has been sold. This
plan was submitted pursuant to the Consent Order and Agreement with the
Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection ("PaDEP") concluded in
fiscal 1999. Pursuant to the Consent Order, upon its execution the Company paid
$0.2 million for past costs, future oversight expenses and in full settlement of
claims made by PaDEP related to the environmental remediation of the site with
an additional $0.2 million paid in fiscal 2001. A second Consent Order was
concluded with PaDEP in the third quarter of fiscal 2001 for another portion of
the site, and a third Consent Order for the remainder of the site is
contemplated by October 1, 2002. The Company is also administering an agreed
settlement with the Federal government under which the government pays 50% of
the direct and internal environmental response costs associated with a portion
of the site. The Company has also reached an agreement in principle with the
Federal government and is in the process of finalizing the necessary
documentation under which the Federal government will pay 45% of the direct and
internal environmental response costs associated with another portion of the
site. At March 31, 2002, the Company's cleanup reserve was $1.8 million based on
the net present value of future expected cleanup costs. The Company expects that
remediation at the Pennsylvania site will not be completed for several years.

The Company also continues to participate in environmental assessments and
remediation work at nine other locations, which include operating facilities,
facilities for sale, and previously owned facilities. The Company estimates
that its potential cost for implementing corrective action at these sites will
not exceed $0.4 million payable over the next several years, and has provided
for the estimated costs in its accrual for environmental liabilities.

In addition, the Company has been named as a potentially responsible party in
eight environmental proceedings pending in several other states in which it is
alleged that the Company was a generator of waste that was sent to landfills and
other treatment facilities and, as to several sites, it is alleged that the
Company was an owner or operator. Such properties generally relate to businesses
which have been sold or discontinued. The Company estimates that its expected
future costs, and its estimated proportional share of remedial work to be
performed, associated with these proceedings will not exceed $0.1 million and
has provided for these estimated costs in its accrual for environmental
liabilities.

LITIGATION. The Company is also engaged in various other legal proceedings
incidental to its business. It is the opinion of management that, after taking
into consideration information furnished by its counsel, the above matters will
have no material effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or
the results of the Company's operations in future periods.

13. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

The Company operates in only one business segment, the design, manufacture and
sale of equipment for use in the aerospace industry. Approximately 43%, 40%
and 37% of sales in 2002, 2001 and 2000 were derived from sales to the United
States Government and its prime contractors.


Net sales below show the geographic location of customers (in thousands):

LOCATION                   2002         2001        2000
                         -------      -------     -------
United States            $45,426      $45,576     $36,874
Europe                    16,619       17,888      12,680
Other non-U.S.            10,240        7,017      11,282
                         -------      -------     -------
Total                    $72,285      $70,481     $60,836
                         -------      -------     -------

14. SUBSEQUENT EVENT

On April 16, 2002, the Company completed the sale of all of the shares of its
Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers Corporation Inc. subsidiary for $3.2 million of
cash consideration plus the assumption of certain liabilities.

On May 30, 2002, the Company completed the sale of substantially all of the net
assets of its U.S. retaining ring business for $2.9 million of cash, a
promissory note of $0.8 million and warrants for 5% of the equity of the
purchaser.

20

2002 ANNUAL REPORT
<PAGE>
15. UNAUDITED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA

(In thousands except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     FIRST         SECOND          THIRD        FOURTH
                                                   QUARTER         QUARTER        QUARTER      QUARTER          TOTAL
2002
<S>                                                 <C>         <C>             <C>          <C>             <C>
Net sales                                           $18,602     $   16,293      $   18,895   $   18,495      $   72,285
Gross profit                                          7,446          6,535           8,325       10,086(1)       32,392

Income (loss) from continuing operations                 28         (1,266)            575        1,436             773
Income (loss) from discontinued operations              778        (53,340)         (6,790)     (13,202)        (72,554)
                                                    -------     -----------     -----------  -----------     -----------
Net income (loss)                                   $   806     $  (54,606)     $   (6,215)  $  (11,766)     $  (71,781)
                                                    -------     -----------     -----------  -----------     -----------

Basic (loss) earnings per share:
   (Loss) earnings from continuing operations            --     $    (0.21)     $     0.09   $     0.23      $     0.13
   Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations     $  0.13          (8.63)          (1.10)       (2.13)         (11.74)
                                                    -------     -----------     -----------  -----------     -----------
   Basic earnings (loss) per share                  $  0.13     $    (8.84)     $    (1.01)  $    (1.90)     $   (11.61)
                                                    -------     -----------     -----------  -----------     -----------
Diluted (loss) earnings per share:
   (Loss) income from continuing operations              --     $    (0.21)     $     0.09   $     0.23      $     0.12
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations       $  0.13          (8.63)          (1.09)       (2.12)         (11.64)
                                                    -------     -----------     -----------  -----------     -----------
   Diluted income (loss) per share                  $  0.13     $    (8.84)     $    (1.00)  $    (1.89)     $   (11.52)
                                                    -------     -----------     -----------  -----------     -----------
</TABLE>



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    FIRST         SECOND           THIRD        FOURTH
                                                   QUARTER        QUARTER         QUARTER       QUARTER          TOTAL
2001
<S>                                               <C>           <C>             <C>          <C>             <C>
Net sales                                         $ 15,428      $   15,544      $   18,650   $   20,859      $   70,481
Gross profit                                         6,135           5,970           7,491       10,331          29,927

(Loss) income from continuing operations              (732)            423             455       (6,192)         (6,046)
Loss from discontinued operations                      (20)         (2,178)         (1,705)     (63,021)        (66,924)
                                                    -------     -----------     -----------  -----------     -----------
Net loss                                          $   (752)     $   (1,755)     $   (1,250)  $  (69,213)    $   (72,970)
                                                    -------     -----------     -----------  -----------     -----------

Basic (loss) earnings per share:
   (Loss) earnings from continuing operations     $  (0.12)     $     0.07      $     0.07   $    (1.00)     $    (0.98)
   Loss from discontinued operations                    --           (0.35)          (0.27)      (10.21)         (10.85)
                                                    -------     -----------     -----------  -----------     -----------
   Basic loss per share                           $  (0.12)     $    (0.28)     $    (0.20)  $   (11.21)     $   (11.83)
                                                    -------     -----------     -----------  -----------     -----------

Diluted (loss) earnings per share:
   (Loss) earnings from continuing operations     $  (0.12)     $     0.07      $     0.07   $    (1.00)     $    (0.98)
   Loss from discontinued operations                    --           (0.35)          (0.27)      (10.21)         (10.85)
                                                    -------     -----------     -----------  -----------     -----------
   Diluted loss per share                         $  (0.12)     $    (0.28)     $    (0.20)  $   (11.21)     $   (11.83)
                                                    -------     -----------     -----------  -----------     -----------
</TABLE>


(1)   The fourth quarter gross margin of 54.5% includes 6.9% relating to
      adjustments to product costing allowances and the year-end reconciliation
      of fixed cost absorption rates, as well as a favorable mix of higher
      margin products.


                                                                              21
<PAGE>
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

As a result of a restructuring program undertaken by the Corporation during
fiscal 2002, the Corporation has classified all of the business units that made
up its Specialty Fastener segment in prior years and its Aerospace Rivet
Manufacturers business, which had been included in its Aerospace Products
segment in fiscal 2002 quarterly reports but in the Specialty Fasteners segment
in prior fiscal years' annual reports, as discontinued operations. All
discussions related to ongoing operations, or the Corporation, refer only to
continuing operations, which consist of the Breeze-Eastern division and the
Norco Inc. subsidiary. Discontinued operations are discussed separately in this
report.

TransTechnology Corporation reported consolidated net sales of $72.3 million and
income from continuing operations of $0.8 million, or $0.12 per diluted share,
for the year ended March 31, 2002. Sales for the current fiscal year increased
3% from fiscal year 2001 sales of $70.5 million and 18.9% over fiscal 2000 sales
of $60.8 million. During fiscal 2002 the Corporation reported a loss from
discontinued operations of $72.6 million, or $11.64 per diluted share compared
to a loss from discontinued operations of $66.9 million in the 2001 fiscal
year and income from discontinued operations of $4.6 million in fiscal 2000. The
net loss reported for fiscal 2002 decreased to $71.8 million from a net loss of
$73.0 million in 2001 but was worse than the net income of $6.6 million reported
in fiscal 2000. The net losses for fiscal 2002 and 2001 include several
nonrecurring items, which impact a year-to-year comparison. The following table
depicts the Corporation's "normalized" results, which should present a clearer
picture of after-tax performance:

Normalized Net Earnings (In thousands, except per share amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     2002         2001        2000
<S>                                <C>          <C>          <C>
Income (loss)
  from continuing
  operations                       $   773      $(6,046)     $ 2,486
Gain on sale of real property         (660)          --           --
Corporate office restructuring         782        7,034           --
Forbearance fees                     1,272           --           --
                                   -------      -------      -------
Normalized net earnings            $ 2,167      $   988      $ 2,486
                                   -------      -------      -------
Normalized net earnings
  per diluted share                $  0.35      $  0.16      $  0.40
                                   -------      -------      -------
</TABLE>


SALE OF REAL PROPERTY - In March 2002, the Corporation sold approximately ten
acres of unused land located at its Breeze-Eastern facility in Union, New
Jersey, for $2.3 million, which resulted in an after tax gain of $0.7 million.

CORPORATE OFFICE RESTRUCTURING COSTS - As part of its restructuring plan, in
fiscal 2002 the Corporation began a program of reducing the size of its
corporate office staff. In fiscal 2002 the Corporation recognized severance and
other costs associated with its corporate office downsizing of $1.6 million and
in fiscal 2001 $11.2 million before taxes, which included the write-down of the
value of certain real estate and the write-off of a note receivable and equity
relative to a business divested in a prior fiscal year.

FORBEARANCE FEES AND COSTS - During fiscal 2002 the Corporation incurred $2.7
million of costs related to forbearance fees paid to its banks in association
with their agreement not to pursue any actions against the Corporation for its
violation of certain financial covenants in the Corporation's senior credit
agreement. There were no such fees recognized in fiscal 2001 or 2000. Further
information on the status of the Corporation's credit agreements is included
later in this discussion under Liquidity and Capital Resources.

Excluding these nonrecurring items, "normalized" income from continuing
operations for fiscal 2002 of $2.2 million, or $0.35 per diluted share, was a
substantial improvement from the "normalized" earnings from continuing
operations of $1.0 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, for fiscal 2001 although
down 13% from normalized net earnings of $2.5 million or $.40 per diluted
share for fiscal 2000. Excluding the above mentioned non-operating and
non-recurring items, "normalized" operating income, before interest and taxes,
from the Corporation's continuing operations totaled $12.6 million for fiscal
2002, a 103% improvement over "normalized" operating income of $6.2 million in
fiscal 2001 and 110% above fiscal 2000's $6.0 million.

The improvement in financial results comparing fiscal 2002 to fiscal 2001
largely reflects higher sales of aerospace OEM products, weapons system
products, repair, overhaul and spare parts products provided to military and
search and rescue agencies, and motion control devices. These increases were
offset by a decrease in sales of new equipment to large airframe manufacturers
and of repairs and spare parts to airlines.

New orders received in fiscal 2002 totaled $77.8 million which represents a
17.0% increase over fiscal 2001 new orders of $66.5 million and a 25.9% increase
over $61.8 million of new orders received in fiscal 2000. Backlog at March 31,
2002 stands at $43.7 million compared with $40.2 million at March 31, 2001 and
$44.2 million at March 31, 2000. Both Breeze-Eastern and Norco saw increases in
new orders and backlog in fiscal 2002 compared to fiscal 2001. A significant
portion of fiscal 2002 sales is derived from long-term contracts. Generally, new
equip-

22
<PAGE>
ment sales are the subject of long-term contracts while repair, overhaul and
spare parts sales have much shorter lead times.

Sales for the Corporation increased to $72.3 million for fiscal 2002, a 3%
increase over fiscal 2001 sales of $70.5 million. Both Breeze-Eastern and Norco
saw fiscal 2002 revenues increase over fiscal 2001. The Corporation's Norco
subsidiary saw a drop in orders received and sales of products to airframe
manufacturers as a result of an expected reduction in the build rate of large
commercial airliners in fiscal 2002. The anticipated decline in aircraft build
rates was accelerated and exacerbated by the impact of the events of September
11th. Lower utilization rates of the existing commercial airline fleet as a
result of the slowing economy and the post-September 11th reduction in travel
resulted in lower order rates and sales of hold-open rod spare parts and
replacement parts which are sold directly to the airlines as maintenance items.
This decline was offset by increased sales of Norco's developing product line of
motion control products for use in medical testing equipment and increased sales
of new equipment and spare parts to military agencies. Higher orders and
shipments of Breeze-Eastern rescue hoists and cargo hooks for military and
civilian rescue agencies as well as increases in spare parts, repair and
overhaul of equipment already in the field provided further sales increases.

Operating income, before corporate office expenses, increased 11.1% in fiscal
2002 to $21.1 million over the prior year's $18.9 million. This increase was due
mainly to a favorable mix of repair, overhaul and spare parts business and the
realization of the benefit of spreading a fixed cost base over a larger sales
volume. Generally, repair and overhaul services and spare parts sales have
higher gross margins than sales of new equipment or engineering services. These
improvements in product mix and fixed cost absorption led to an increase in
gross margin to 44.8% in fiscal 2002 from 42.5% in fiscal 2001. Both Breeze-
Eastern and Norco realized improvements in gross margin during fiscal 2002.

Sales for fiscal 2001 of $70.5 million were 16% above fiscal 2000 sales of $60.8
million. This sales increase was due primarily to strong product demand across
all Breeze-Eastern and Norco product lines and increased sales of repair and
overhaul services and spare parts, and, to a lesser degree, improved product
pricing. The Corporation's Norco division also saw increased revenues from its
developing product line of motion control products for use in medical testing
equipment. Fiscal 2001 operating income of $18.9 million, before corporate
expenses, showed a 22.7% improvement over fiscal 2000's operating income of
$15.4 million.

CORPORATE AND OTHER EXPENSES -Corporate office expenses, exclusive of
restructuring charges, amounted to $8.5 million in fiscal 2002, a decrease of
32.5% from the $12.6 million of such expenses in fiscal 2001. Restructuring
charges of $1.6 million and $11.2 million were also recognized in fiscal 2002
and 2001, respectively, and included in corporate office expenses. Restructuring
charges in fiscal 2002 included the costs of severance and other items
associated with the 50% reduction in headcount included in the restructuring
plan. Restructuring charges in fiscal 2001 included costs associated with the
elimination of certain positions as well as write-offs associated with notes
receivable and investments in companies that had been divested in previous
fiscal years and the write-down to net realizable value of certain parcels of
real estate.

OTHER INCOME/EXPENSE -The Corporation recorded other non-operating
income for fiscal 2002 aggregating $1.6 million compared with $0.2 million in
fiscal 2001 and $0.7 million in fiscal 2000. Of the $1.6 million generated in
fiscal 2002, $1.4 million relates to the pre-tax gain resulting from the sale of
ten acres of unused land at the Corporation's Union, New Jersey facility for
$2.3 million in March 2002. Interest income of $0.1 million was essentially
unchanged from the prior year's level. In fiscal 2000 the Corporation recognized
an extraordinary expense of $0.5 million as the result of the write-off of
capitalized financing costs when the Corporation's debt was refinanced in August
1999.

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS -During fiscal 2002, the Corporation determined that it
would enter into a plan of restructuring so as to focus its resources and
capital on its aerospace products business and exit the Specialty Fastener
segment. As a result, this report includes in discontinued operations all of the
operations that formerly made up the Specialty Fastener segment of the
Corporation, which included TransTechnology Engineered Components (sold in
December 2001), Breeze Industrial Products and Pebra (sold in July 2001),
TransTechnology Engineered Rings (of which Seeger Orbis was sold in February
2002 and TTERUSA was sold in May 2002), Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers'
Corporation Inc. (sold in April 2002) and TCR Corporation. Of the operations
included in fiscal 2002 discontinued operations, only the US, UK and Brazilian
retaining ring operations, the aerospace rivet business, and TCR were carried
into fiscal 2003. As noted, the aerospace rivet and U.S. retaining ring
businesses were sold early in fiscal 2003. The Corporation expects that the
divestitures of the remaining retaining ring operations will be concluded during
its first fiscal quarter and that TCR will be divested during its second fiscal
quarter.

The Corporation reported losses from discontinued operations of $72.6 million in
fiscal 2002 and $66.9 million in fiscal 2001, compared to income from
discontinued operations of $4.6 million in fiscal 2000. The fiscal 2002 loss was
composed of $110.3 million of impairment charges related to reducing the
carrying values of the discontinued businesses to their

                                                                              23
                                                              2002 Annual Report
<PAGE>
estimated net realizable values; $3.7 million of actual operating income of the
discontinued businesses through their expected divestiture dates; $17.0 million
of allocated interest expense; $8.4 million from the write-off of capitalized
loan fees and the mark to market of interest rate swaps required under the terms
of the Corporation's credit agreements; $24.7 million of gains recognized on the
sale of certain business units; and, $0.2 million of other income or credits
associated with the discontinued operations. These gains and losses, which
aggregated $107.1 million, were reduced by a tax benefit of $34.5 million. The
fiscal 2001 loss from discontinued operations consisted of $67.9 million of
impairment charges; $23.3 million of actual operating income of the discontinued
businesses; and $29.6 million of allocated interest expense. This fiscal 2001
loss, which aggregated $74.2 million, was reduced by a tax benefit of $7.3
million. The fiscal 2000 income from discontinued operations included $24.5
million of operating income from the discontinued businesses and $17.0 million
of allocated interest expense, the net of which was reduced by an income tax
provision of $2.9 million.

CHANGES IN FINANCIAL POSITION

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES -The restructuring and divestiture program of
the Corporation has had a substantial impact upon its financial condition at
March 31, 2002. During the fiscal year, the Corporation sold its hose clamp
operations in Germany and the US, its engineered components businesses, and its
German retaining ring operation for aggregate cash proceeds of $162 million.
All of these proceeds, after payment of transaction fees and expenses, were used
to reduce the Corporation's senior credit facility. At March 31, 2002 the senior
facility was $29.1 million compared to $195.0 million at the end of the prior
fiscal year. In addition to the cash generated from the divestiture program,
the Corporation realized $2.2 million of net proceeds from the sale of unused
real estate in New Jersey and $5.5 million through federal income tax refunds
obtained by carrying back the fiscal 2001 operating loss to prior years.

The Corporation is in the process of divesting its US, UK and Brazilian
retaining ring operations and its TCR Corporation subsidiary in separate
transactions expected to aggregate $22 million. The Corporation hopes to
complete these transactions during the first and second quarters of fiscal year
2003 and anticipates applying all of the proceeds to the reduction of its credit
facilities. The assets and liabilities of these business units are presented on
the March 31, 2002 balance sheet in Assets Held for Sale and Liabilities of
Discontinued Businesses at their estimated net realizable values.

WORKING CAPITAL- The Corporation's working capital at the end of fiscal 2002 was
$41.8 million compared to $19.1 million at the end of the prior fiscal year.
Excluding the effect of the classification of assets held for sale and
liabilities of discontinued businesses, and, with respect to March 31, 2001
only, all callable debt as current assets and liabilities, respectively, work-
ing capital at March 31, 2002 was $25.3 million as compared to $22.3 million at
the end of fiscal 2001. The ratio of current assets to current liabilities
improved to 1.98 to 1 at March 31, 2002 compared with 1.06 to 1 at the end of
fiscal 2001. Excluding the impact of the reclassification of all callable debt
and liabilities of discontinued businesses as current liabilities and assets
held for sale as current assets, the current ratio would have been 2.04 at March
31, 2002 compared to 1.94 at March 31, 2001.

Working capital changes, exclusive of changes in callable debt, liabilities of
discontinued businesses, and assets held for sale, were generated by a decrease
in accounts receivable of $1.4 million and an increase in inventories of $3.7
million.The decrease in accounts receivable was due to the improvement in
collections during the fiscal year and the increase in inventory was largely due
to the advance purchase of long lead-time materials needed to fulfill
customers' long-term purchase orders. Days sales outstanding in accounts
receivable at March 31, 2002 decreased to 58 days from 66 days at March 31, 2001
while inventory turnover decreased to 1.7 turns versus 2.0 turns at March 31,
2001. Current liabilities, without regard to changes in callable debt and
liabilities of discontinued businesses increased $3.4 million, primarily the
result of the receipt of a $1.8 million advance payment by a customer in
January, 2002 which has been included in current liabilities as a customer
deposit at March 31, 2002 and $3.8 million of liabilities associated with the
cost of closing out certain interest rate swap obligations which are discussed
further elsewhere in this report. These increases offset reductions in accounts
payable and other accrued expenses. Callable long-term debt decreased to zero
during 2002 because it was reclassified to long term effective March 31, 2002
due to the receipt of a commitment to refinance the existing debt for a
three-year period. Assets held for sale and liabilities of discontinued
businesses were reduced during 2002 primarily as a result of the sale of some
of the businesses treated as discontinued, changes in the estimate of net
realizable value in others, and operating profits, losses and allocated
expenses recognized during the year.

CREDIT FACILITIES - At March 31, 2002, the Corporation had two credit agreements
in effect aggregating $107.6 million. The first, a Revolving Credit Agreement
(the "Credit Agreement") with a group of eight banks (the "Lenders"), commits a
maximum of $36.3 million to the Corporation for


24
TransTechnology Corporation
<PAGE>
cash borrowings and letters of credit. The second credit facility consists of
Senior Subordinated Notes in the amount of $78.6 million.

Effective December 31, 2000, the Corporation was not able to meet certain
financial ratio requirements of the Credit Agreement, as amended. Pursuant to
discussions with the Lenders, the Corporation and the Lenders agreed to an
amendment to the Credit Agreement to include a forbearance agreement, the
payment of certain other fees by the Corporation and imposition of certain
conditions on the Corporation including the suspension of dividend payments.
During the forbearance period the Lenders agree not to exercise certain of their
rights and remedies under the Credit Agreement. The Corporation accordingly
classified its bank debt as "current" to reflect the fact that the forbearance
period is less than one year. The term of the forbearance period, initially
scheduled to expire on January 31, 2001, was subsequently extended through addi-
tional amendments to September 25, 2002. These additional amendments also
reduced the amount of the Revolving Credit facility of the Credit Agreement (the
"Revolver") from $200 million to $36.3 million at March 31, 2002. The extension
of the forbearance through September 25, 2002 is conditioned on certain
performance and debt reduction requirements, including a reduction in the
Revolver commitment to $28 million and the borrowing sub-limit to $24.5 million
by June 25, 2002. The forbearance agreement also requires the achievement of
minimum levels of EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and
amortization), and the adherence to borrowing limits as adjusted based on the
scheduled debt reduction. Other terms of the forbearance agreement include the
payment of certain fees, reporting and consulting requirements. The Corporation
has made all of its scheduled interest and principal payments on a timely basis
and, as previously noted, during fiscal 2002 the Corporation paid $165.1 million
towards its outstanding debt under the Credit Agreement, which included the
retirement of a $38.8 million term loan outstanding to the same group of
Lenders.

The Corporation has unused borrowing capacity for both domestic and
international operations of $7.2 million as of March 31, 2002, including letters
of credit of $5.0 million. Borrowings under the Revolver as of March 31, 2002,
were $29.1 million. Interest on the Revolver is tied to the primary bank's prime
rate, or at the Corporation's option, the London Interbank Offered Rate
("LIBOR"), plus a margin that varies depending upon the Corporation's
achievement of certain operating results. As of March 31, 2002, $9.6 million of
the Corporation's outstanding borrowings utilized LIBOR, all of which were
payable in Pounds sterling. One $2.5 million tranche of the Revolver, the
proceeds of which were used to pay interest on the Corporation's Senior
Subordinated Notes during fiscal 2002, carries an interest rate of 25% and
cannot be repaid until all other amounts outstanding under the Revolver have
been repaid. The weighted average interest rate on all outstanding borrowings
under the revolver at March 31, 2002 was 14.1%.

The Credit Agreement requires the Corporation to maintain interest rate
protection on a minimum of 50% of its variable rate debt. The Corporation has,
accordingly, provided sufficiently for this protection by means of interest
rate swap agreements which have fixed the rate of interest on $50.0 million of
debt at a base rate of 5.48% through May 4, 2002, and $75.0 million of debt at a
base rate of 6.58% through March 3, 2003. Under the Credit Agreement, the base
interest rate is added to the applicable interest rate margin to determine the
total interest rate in effect. The Revolver, as amended by the forbearance
agreements, restricts annual capital expenditures to $2.0 million in fiscal 2003
and contains other customary financial covenants, including the requirement to
maintain certain financial ratios relating to performance, interest expense and
debt levels. As noted above, the Corporation is currently operating under a
forbearance arrangement and is in the process of reducing its debt through the
sale of certain of its businesses in order to either comply with the
requirements of the existing agreement or to be in an improved financial
position to negotiate further amendments or borrowing alternatives.

On August 30, 2000, the Corporation completed a private placement of $75 million
in senior subordinated notes (the "Notes") and certain warrants to purchase
shares of the Corporation's common stock (the "Warrants") to a group of
institutional investors (collectively, the "Purchasers"). The Corporation used
the proceeds of the private placement to retire, in full, a $75 million Bridge
Loan held by a group of lenders led by Fleet National Bank. The Notes are due on
August 29, 2005 and bear interest at a rate of 16% per annum, consisting of 13%
cash interest on principal, payable quarterly, and 3% interest on principal,
payable quarterly in "payment-in-kind" promissory notes. Prepayment of the Notes
is permitted after August 29, 2001 at a premium initially of 9% declining to 5%,
3%, and 1% annually, respectively, thereafter. The Notes contain customary
financial covenants and events of default, including a cross-default provision
to the Corporation's Credit Agreement. At March 31, 2002 the principal balance
outstanding on the notes amounted to $78.6 million, which includes the
original principal amount plus the "payment-in-kind" notes.

The Warrants entitle the Purchasers to acquire, in the aggregate, 427,602
shares, or 6.5%, of the common stock of the Corporation at an exercise price of
$9.93 a share, which represents the average daily closing price of the
Corporation's

                                                                              25
                                                              2002 Annual Report
<PAGE>
common stock on the New York Stock Exchange for the thirty (30) days preceding
the completion of the private placement. The Warrants must be exercised by
August 29, 2010. These Warrants have been valued at an appraised amount of $0.2
million and have been recorded in paid in capital. In connection with the
transaction, the Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries signed a Consent
and Amendment Agreement with its senior debt lenders (the "Lenders") under the
Corporation's $250 million Credit Facility existing at that time, in which the
Lenders consented to the private placement and amended certain financial
covenants associated with the Credit Facility.

As a result of the violation of certain financial covenants under the Credit
Agreement, the Corporation is also in violation of the covenants of the Notes.
The Purchasers of the Notes have entered into a letter agreement with the
Corporation under which they agree to forbear from taking any action relative to
such violations. This forbearance extends through September 29, 2002 and is
conditioned upon the Corporation's continued compliance with the terms of its
forbearance agreement with the Lenders under the Credit Agreement.

On June 13, 2002, the Company received a commitment to refinance its senior debt
for a period of three years and a commitment from the note holders to amend the
financial covenants to bring the company into compliance. Management expects to
complete the proposed refinancing by the end of June 2002 and has, accordingly,
classified its senior debt, as well as its subordinated notes, as long term.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURES - Capital expenditures were $0.3 million in fiscal 2002,
as compared to $0.3 million spent in fiscal 2001 and $0.5 million in fiscal
2000. Principal expenditures were for the modernization of facilities and new
machinery, equipment and information systems equipment. Capital expenditures
in fiscal 2001 included the purchase and installation of a company-wide virtual
private network and modernization of facilities and new production machinery and
equipment. Capital expenditures in fiscal 2000 included the replacement of the
roof and windows at the Breeze Eastern facility.

In fiscal 2003, capital expenditures are expected to be in a range of $1.0 - 1.5
million. Projects budgeted in fiscal 2003 include refurbishment of the Breeze
Eastern offices, the purchase of new production machinery at the Norco facility,
and the initial phase of installing a new ERP system at Breeze Eastern.

The Corporation has divested or made plans to divest nine businesses since March
31, 2001. Under the terms of the agreements associated with the sales of those
businesses, the Corporation has agreed to indemnify the purchasers for certain
damages that might arise in the event a representation of the Corporation has
been materially misstated. Additionally, the terms of such divestiture
agreements generally require the calculation of purchase price adjustments
based upon the amount of working capital or net assets transferred at the
closing date.

INFLATION - While neither inflation nor deflation has had, and the Corporation
does not expect it to have, a material impact upon operating results, there can
be no assurance that its business will not be affected by inflation or
deflation in the future.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS - During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000, the
Corporation presented an environmental cleanup plan for a portion of a site in
Pennsylvania which the Corporation continues to own although the related
business has been sold. This plan was submitted pursuant to the Consent Order
and Agreement with the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection
("PaDEP") concluded in fiscal 1999. Pursuant to the Consent Order, upon its
execution the Corporation paid $0.2 million for past costs, future oversight
expenses and in full settlement of claims made by PaDEP related to the
environmental remediation of the site with an additional $0.2 million paid in
fiscal 2001. A second Consent Order was concluded with PaDEP in the third
quarter of fiscal 2001 for another portion of the site, and a third Consent
Order for the remainder of the site is contemplated by October 1, 2002. The
Corporation is also administering an agreed settlement with the Federal
government under which the government pays 50% of the environmental response
costs associated with a portion of the site. The Corporation has also reached an
agreement in principle with the Federal government and is in the process of
finalizing the necessary documentation under which the Federal government will
pay 45% of the environmental response costs associated with another portion of
the site. At March 31, 2002, the Corporation's cleanup reserve was $1.8 million
based on the net present value of future expected cleanup costs. The Corporation
expects that remediation at the Pennsylvania site will not be completed for
several years.

The Corporation also continues to participate in environmental
assessments and remediation work at nine other locations, which include
operating facilities, facilities for sale, and previously owned facilities.
The Corporation estimates that its potential cost for implementing corrective
action at these sites will not exceed $0.4 million payable over the next several
years, and has provided for the estimated costs in its accrual for environ-
mental liabilities.

In addition, the Corporation has been named as a potentially responsible party
in eight environmental proceedings pending in several other states in which it
is alleged that the Corporation was a generator of waste that was sent to
landfills and other

26
<PAGE>
treatment facilities and, as to several sites, it is alleged that the
Corporation was an owner or operator. Such properties generally relate to
businesses which have been sold or discontinued. The Corporation estimates that
its expected future costs, and its estimated proportional share of remedial work
to be performed, associated with these proceedings will not exceed $0.1 million
and has provided for these estimated costs in its accrual for environmental
liabilities.

LITIGATION - The Corporation is also engaged in various other legal proceedings
incidental to its business. It is the opinion of management that, after taking
into consideration information furnished by its counsel, the above matters will
have no material effect on the Corporation's consolidated financial position
or the results of the Corporation's operations in future periods.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

REVENUE RECOGNITION - The Corporation uses the completed contract method for
recognizing revenue. This method recognizes revenue when the contract is
completed, i.e., the later of when the products are shipped and accepted by the
customer, if such acceptance is required under the contract, or when title
passes to the purchaser.

INVENTORY - The Corporation purchases materials for the manufacture of
components for use in its products and for use by its engineering, repair and
overhaul businesses. The decision to purchase a set quantity of a particular
item is influenced by several factors including: current and projected cost;
future estimated availability; lead time for production of the materials;
existing and projected contracts to produce certain items; and the estimated
needs for its repair and overhaul business. The Corporation values its
inventories using the lower of cost or market on a first in first out basis
(FIFO) and establishes reserves to reduce the carrying amount of these
inventories as necessary to net realizable value.

ENVIRONMENTAL RESERVES - The Corporation provides for environmental reserves
when, in conjunction with its internal and external counsel, it determines that
a liability is both probable and estimable. In many cases, the liability is not
fixed or capped when the Corporation first records a liability for a particular
site. Factors that affect the recorded amount of the liability in future years
include: the Corporation's participation percentage due to a settlement by or
bankruptcy of other Potentially Responsible Parties; a change in the
environmental laws requiring more stringent requirements; a change in the
estimate of future costs that will be incurred to remediate the site; and
changes in technology related to environmental remediation. Current estimated
exposure to environmental claims is discussed above in Liquidity and Capital
Resources.

GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS - At March 31, 2002, the Corporation has
recorded $10.8 million in net goodwill and other intangible assets related to
acquisitions made in prior years. The recoverability of these assets is subject
to an impairment test based on the estimated fair value of the underlying
businesses. Under SFAS 121 these estimated fair values are based on estimates of
future cash flows of the businesses. Factors affecting these future cash flows
include: the continued market acceptance of the products and services offered by
the businesses; the development of new products and services by the businesses
and the underlying cost of development; the future cost structure of the
businesses; and future technological changes. Effective April 1, 2002, the
Corporation implemented SFAS 142, as discussed below, relative to the
non-recognition of goodwill amortization and will no longer reflect such charges
in its results.

FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES - As noted previously, the Corporation has outstanding
interest rate swaps in association with its Credit Agreement. These swaps are
valued using certain estimates and the amount the Corporation is required to pay
is significantly impacted by changes in interest rates. The Corporation esti-
mates that a .67% change in interest rates changes its exposure under these
instruments by $.5 million.

VALUATION OF ASSETS HELD FOR SALE - The Corporation reflects significant amounts
of Assets held for sale and Liabilities of discontinued businesses on its
balance sheet. In the event the net realizable values of the businesses being
divested are less than that estimated, or the length of time required to
complete the divestiture is longer than estimated, the amounts realized from
these accounts may be impacted.

DEFERRED TAX ASSETS - The Company maintains a significant asset on its balance
which represents the value of income tax benefits expected to be realized in the
future, primarily as a result of the use of a net operating loss carry-forward.
In the event the company did not generate adequate amounts of taxable income
prior to the expiry of the tax loss carry-forwards, the amount of this asset may
not be realized. Additionally, changes to the federal and state income tax laws
could also impact the Corporation's ability to utilize this asset.

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

In July 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standard ("SFAS") No. 141, "Business Combinations" and SFAS
No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." SFAS No. 141, which requires
all business combinations to be accounted for under the purchase method of
accounting, was effective for business combinations initiated after June 30,
2001. Under the new rules of SFAS

                                                                              27
<PAGE>
No. 142, goodwill will no longer be amortized but will be subject to annual
impairment tests in accordance with the statement. Other intangible assets will
continue to be amortized over their useful lives. SFAS No. 142 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001. Accordingly, the Corporation
will apply the new rules on accounting for goodwill and other intangible assets
beginning in 2002. Application of the "no-amortization" provisions of the
statement is expected to increase operating income in 2003 by approximately $0.2
million.

In August, 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 144
"Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets." This statement
defines the accounting for long-lived assets to be held and used, assets held
for sale, and assets to be disposed of by other than sale, and is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001. The Corporation has adopted SFAS
No. 144 in connection with the sale of Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers
Corporation, which has been recorded as part of Discontinued Operations.

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

On April 16, 2002 the Corporation completed the sale of all of the shares of its
Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers Corporation Inc. subsidiary for $3.2 million of
cash consideration.

On May 30, 2002 the Corporation completed the sale of substantially all of the
assets of its US retaining ring business for $3.7 million. The consideration was
paid $2.9 million in cash and $0.8 million in the form of a promissory note. The
Corporation also received warrants for 5% of the equity of the purchaser, a
newly formed, privately held company controlled by SeaView Capital LLC of
Providence, Rhode Island.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK

The Company is exposed to various market risks, primarily changes in interest
rates. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market
rates and prices, such as foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates.

The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements to manage a portion of its
exposure to interest rate changes as a result of requirements under its Credit
Agreement. The swaps involve the exchange of fixed and variable interest rate
payments without exchanging the notional principal amount. Payments or receipts
on the swap agreements are recorded as adjustments to interest expense. At March
31, 2002, the Company had outstanding interest rate swap agreements to convert
$125 million of floating rate debt to fixed rate debt. The fair value of these
swaps was approximately ($3.4) million at March 31, 2002.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                   NOTIONAL
                   AMOUNT                      RECEIVE      PAY
                (IN THOUSANDS)   MATURITIES    RATE(1)      RATE
<S>             <C>            <C>            <C>         <C>
March 31, 2002    $25,000          5/02       1.88%        5.48%
                   25,000          5/02       1.88         5.48
                   37,500          3/03       1.90         6.58
                   37,500          3/03       1.90         6.58
</TABLE>

(1) Based on three-month LIBOR

Financial instruments expose the Corporation to counter-party credit risk for
nonperformance and to market risk for changes in interest and currency rates.
The Corporation manages exposure to counter-party credit risk through specific
minimum credit standards, diversification of counter-parties and procedures to
monitor concentrations of credit risk. The Corporation monitors the impact of
market risk on the fair value and cash flows of its investments by considering
reasonably possible changes in interest rates and by limiting the amount of
potential interest and currency rate exposures to amounts that are not material
to the Corporation's consolidated results of operations and cash flows.

<PAGE>
<Table>
<Caption>
<S>                                       <C>                                             <C>
AEROSPACE PRODUCTS                        INVESTOR RELATIONS                              DIRECTORS
Robert L. G. White, President
                                          INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT                           DANIEL H. ABRAMOWITZ
BREEZE-EASTERN                            Michael J. Berthelot                                 President, Hillson Financial
Lifting and restraint products            Chairman of the Board, President and                 Management, Inc.
700 Liberty Avenue                        Chief Executive Officer
Union, NJ 07083-8198                      TransTechnology Corporation                     *    GIDEON ARGOV
908/686-4000                              150 Allen Road                                       Special Limited Partner
908/686-9292 Fax                          Liberty Corner, New Jersey 07938                     Parthenon Capital
Robert L. G. White - President            908/903-1600
                                          908/903-1616 Fax                                o    WALTER BELLEVILLE
NORCO, INC.                               www.transtechology.com                               Chairman of the Board
Hold open rods and mechanical systems                                                          ATI Machinery, Inc.
139 Ethan Allen Highway                   ANNUAL MEETING
Ridgefield, CT 06877-6294                 The Annual Shareholders' Meeting will be        o    MICHAEL J. BERTHELOT
203/544-8301                              held on Thursday, July 18, 2002 at the               Chairman of the Board, President
203/544-7121 Fax                          Somerset Hills Hotel, 200 Liberty Corner             and Chief Executive Officer
Surin M. Malhotra - President             Road, Warren, New Jersey 07059.                      TransTechnology Corporation

                                          FORM 10-K AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION            +    THOMAS V. CHEMA
CORPORATE OFFICERS                        The Company, upon request to the                     Partner, Arter & Hadden, LLP
                                          Investor Relations department, will provide          President, Gateway Consultants
MICHAEL J. BERTHELOT                      to any shareholder a copy of the Form 10-K           Group, Inc.
Chairman of the Board, President          required to be filed with the Securities and
and Chief Executive Officer               Exchange Commission and any other               +    JOHN H. DALTON
                                          available information.                               President, IPG Photonics
JOSEPH F. SPANIER                                                                              Former Secretary of the Navy
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer                                                                             *    MICHEL GLOUCHEVITCH
                                                                                               General Partner, Westar Capital LLC
GERALD C. HARVEY
Vice President, Secretary and                                                                  JAMES A. LAWRENCE
General Counsel                                                                                Executive Vice President and
                                                                                               Chief Executive Officer
ROBERT L. G. WHITE                                                                             General Mills, Inc.
President Aerospace Products Group
                                                                                          +o   JAN NAYLOR COPE
MONICA AGUIRRE                                                                                 President
Assistant to the Chairman                                                                      Jan Naylor Cope Company
and Corporate Assistant Secretary
                                                                                          *    WILLIAM J. RECKER
                                                                                               Chairman of the Board
COUNSEL                                                                                        Gretag Imaging Holding AG
Hahn, Loeser & Parks
Cleveland, Ohio                                                                           -----------------------

AUDITORS
Deloitte & Touche LLP                                                                          *    Audit Committee
Parsippany, New Jersey                                                                         o    Nominating Committee
                                                                                               +    Incentives & Compensation
TRANSFER AGENT AND                                                                                  Committee
REGISTRAR
EquiServe
Boston, EquiServe Division
Canton, Massachusetts
</Table>
<PAGE>
                            ENGINEERED PRODUCTS FOR



150 Allen Road, Liberty Corner, New Jersey 07938 - Phone 908.903.1600 - Fax
908.903.1616 - www.transtechology.com

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>y61813exv21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                   EXHIBIT 21



                           SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

                 LISTED BELOW ARE THE WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES
                         OF TRANSTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                Jurisdiction of
                                                                                Incorporation
                                                                                ---------------
<S>                                                                             <C>
Aerospace Rivet Manufacturers Corporation                                       California
Anderton (Predecessors) Limited                                                 England
TTERUSA Inc.                                                                    New Jersey
NORCO, Inc.                                                                     Connecticut
Rancho TransTechnology Corporation                                              California
Retainers, Inc.                                                                 New Jersey
Seeger Inc.                                                                     Delaware
TransTechnology Germany Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH                            Germany
TTC Germany GmbH & Co. OHG                                                      Germany
TransTechnology Brasil Ltda.                                                    Brazil
SSP Industries                                                                  California
SSP International Sales, Inc.                                                   California
TCR Corporation                                                                 Minnesota
TransTechnology (GB) Limited                                                    England
TransTechnology Acquisition Corporation                                         Delaware
TransTechnology Aerospace, Inc.                                                 California
TransTechnology Australasia Pty. Ltd.                                           Australia
TransTechnology International Corporation                                       Virgin Islands
TransTechnology International Corporation                                       Delaware
TransTechnology Germany GmbH                                                    Germany
TransTechnology Systems & Services, Inc.                                        Michigan
</TABLE>



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
