-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 CJrTgBmBOlMs9N9wYEJH5DT/KMoDJpiGQ86VODNFD/DaYeo0G65PeZv5Mt/QMYxm
 mE8aAMsFj78XiRxAkhrrOw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001047469-99-012492.txt : 19990331
<SEC-HEADER>0001047469-99-012492.hdr.sgml : 19990331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001047469-99-012492
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19981231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19990330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MACERICH CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912242
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				954448705
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12504
		FILM NUMBER:		99579178

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 WILSHIRE BLVD
		STREET 2:		STE 700
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3103946911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 WILSHIRE BLVD SUITE 700
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90401
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>



                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K
(Mark one)

 
/ X /  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
       ACT OF 1934
       For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998.
                                                  OR
/   /  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES
       EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED)

         For the transition period from__________________ to ______________
         Commission File Number 1-12504

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

                 Maryland                           95-4448705
     (State or other jurisdiction of             (I.R.S. Employer
      incorporation or organization)            Identification No.)

      401 Wilshire Boulevard, # 700
         Santa Monica, California                      90401
 (Address of principal executive office)            (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (310) 394-6000
SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:

                                                NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE
             TITLE OF EACH CLASS                 ON WHICH REGISTERED
             -------------------                -----------------------
                Common Stock,
               $0.01 Par Value                  New York Stock Exchange

               Preferred Share                  New York Stock Exchange
               Purchase Rights

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:  NONE

         INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT (1) HAS FILED ALL REPORTS
REQUIRED TO BE FILED BY SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934 DURING THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS (OR FOR SUCH SHORTER PERIODS THAT THE
REGISTRANT WAS REQUIRED TO FILE SUCH REPORT(S)) AND (2) HAS BEEN SUBJECT TO SUCH
FILING REQUIREMENTS FOR THE PAST 90 DAYS.  YES  X   NO      .
                                               ----    ----
           Indicate by a check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to the Form 10-K. _

         As of February 18, 1999, the aggregate market value of the 25,586,863
shares of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $598
million based upon the closing price ($23.375) on the New York Stock Exchange
composite tape on such date. (For this computation, the registrant has excluded
the market value of all shares of its Common Stock reported as beneficially
owned by executive officers and directors of the registrant and certain other
shareholders; such exclusion shall not be deemed to constitute an admission that
any such person is an "affiliate" of the registrant.) As of February 18, 1999,
there were 33,944,863 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

                          DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

         Portions of the proxy statement for the annual stockholders meeting to
be held in 1999 are incorporated by reference into Part III.



<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Item No.                                                                                            Page No.
- --------                                                                                            --------
                                                           PART I
<S>                                                                                                 <C>
     1.        Business.........................................................................       1-10
     2.        Properties.......................................................................      11-17
     3.        Legal Proceedings................................................................         17
     4.        Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders..............................         17



                                                          PART II

     5.        Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters........         18
     6.        Selected Financial Data..........................................................      19-22
     7.        Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
                        Condition and Results of Operations.....................................      23-34
     7A.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
                        About Market Risk.......................................................      34-35
     8.        Financial Statements and Supplementary Data......................................         35
     9.        Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
                        Accounting and Financial Disclosure.....................................         35

                                                          PART III

     10.       Directors and Executive Officers of the Company..................................         36
     11.       Executive Compensation...........................................................         36
     12.       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management...................         36
     13.       Certain Relationships and Related  Transactions..................................         36


                                                          PART IV

     14.       Exhibits, Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form
               8-K...............................................................................     37-72
</TABLE>

                                                        SIGNATURES

<PAGE>

                                     PART I
ITEM I.  BUSINESS

         GENERAL

         The Macerich Company (the "Company") is involved in the acquisition,
ownership, redevelopment, management and leasing of regional and community
shopping centers located throughout the United States. The Company is the sole
general partner of, and owns a majority of the ownership interests in, The
Macerich Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Operating
Partnership"). The Operating Partnership owns or has an ownership interest in 46
regional shopping centers and seven community shopping centers aggregating
approximately 40 million square feet of gross leasable area. These 53 regional
and community shopping centers are referred to hereinafter as the "Centers",
unless the context otherwise requires. The Company is a self-administered and
self-managed real estate investment trust ("REIT") and conducts all of its
operations through the Operating Partnership and the Company's three management
companies, Macerich Property Management Company, a California corporation,
Macerich Manhattan Management Company, a California corporation, and Macerich
Management Company, a California corporation (collectively, the "Management
Companies").

         The Company was organized as a Maryland corporation in September 1993
to continue and expand the shopping center operations of Mace Siegel, Arthur M.
Coppola, Dana K. Anderson and Edward C. Coppola and certain of their business
associates.

         All references to the Company in this Form 10-K include the Company,
those entities owned or controlled by the Company and predecessors of the
Company, unless the context indicates otherwise.

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

         A. EQUITY OFFERINGS

         The Company sold 7,920,181 shares of its common stock in six offerings
during 1998, raising $203.8 million of net proceeds.

         On February 25, 1998, the Company issued 3,627,131 shares of its Series
A cumulative convertible redeemable preferred stock ("Series A Preferred Stock")
for net proceeds totaling $99.0 million.

         On June 17, 1998, the Company issued 5,487,471 shares of its Series B
cumulative convertible redeemable preferred stock ("Series B Preferred Stock")
for net proceeds totaling $148.5 million.

         The total net proceeds from the 1998 common and preferred stock
offerings totaled $451.3 million. These proceeds were used for the 1998
acquisitions, reducing borrowings under the Company's line of credit and general
corporate purposes.

B.       ACQUISITIONS

         On February 27, 1998, the Company, through a 50/50 joint venture with
an affiliate of Simon Property Group, Inc., acquired the ERE Yarmouth portfolio
of twelve regional malls. The properties in the portfolio comprise 10.7 million
square feet and are located in eight states. The total purchase price was $974.5
million, which included $485.0 million of assumed debt, at market value. The
Company's share of the cash component of the purchase price was funded by
issuing $100.0 million of Series A Preferred Stock, $80.0 million of common
stock and borrowing the balance from the Company's line of credit.

         South Plains Mall was acquired on June 19, 1998. South Plains Mall is a
1,140,574 square foot super regional mall located in Lubbock, Texas. The
purchase price was $115.5 million, consisting of $29.3 million of assumed debt,
at fair market value, and $86.2 million of cash. The cash portion was funded
with a portion of the proceeds from the Company's Series B Preferred Stock
offering.

         Westside Pavilion was acquired on July 1, 1998 for $170.5 million.
Westside Pavilion is a 755,759 square foot regional mall located in Los Angeles,
California. The purchase price was funded with a portion of the proceeds from
the Company's Series B Preferred Stock offering, borrowings under the Company's
line of credit and the placement of a ten year $100.0 million mortgage secured
by the property.


                                  1

<PAGE>

         B.  ACQUISITIONS, CONTINUED:

         The Village at Corte Madera is a 428,398 square foot regional mall in
Corte Madera, California, which the Company acquired in two phases: (i) 40% on
June 16, 1998 and (ii) the remaining 60% on July 24, 1998. In addition, Carmel
Plaza, a 115,215 square foot community shopping center in Carmel, California was
acquired on August 10, 1998. The combined purchase price was $165.5 million,
consisting of $40.0 million of assumed debt, the issuance of $7.9 million of
limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership ("OP Units") and
$117.6 million in cash. The cash component was funded by borrowings under the
Company's line of credit.

         Northwest Arkansas Mall was acquired on December 15, 1998. Northwest
Arkansas Mall is a 780,237 square foot regional mall located in Fayetteville,
Arkansas. The purchase price of $94.0 million was funded by a concurrently
placed loan of $63.0 million and borrowings of $31.0 million under the Company's
line of credit.

         On February 18, 1999, through a 51/49 joint venture with Ontario
Teachers' Pension Plan Board, the Company closed on the first phase of a two
phase acquisition of a portfolio of properties. The phase one closing included
the acquisition of three regional malls, the retail component of a mixed-use
development, five contiguous properties and two non-contiguous community
shopping centers comprising approximately 3.6 million square feet for a total
purchase price of approximately $427.0 million. The purchase price was funded
with a $120.0 million loan placed concurrently with the closing, $140.4 million
of debt from an affiliate of the seller, and $39.4 million of assumed debt. The
balance of the purchase price was paid in cash. The Company's share of the cash
component was funded with the proceeds from two refinancings of centers and
borrowings under the Company's line of credit. The second phase consists of the
acquisition of the office component of the mixed-use development for a purchase
price of approximately $115 million. The closing of the second phase is expected
to occur in May 1999.

         C. REFINANCINGS

         On August 3, 1998, the Company, along with the joint venture partner,
refinanced the debt secured by Broadway Plaza. The loan of $43.5 million was
paid in full and a new note was issued for $75.0 million bearing interest at a
fixed rate of 6.68% and maturing August 1, 2008.

         On August 7, 1998, the Company refinanced the debt on Fresno Fashion
Fair. A $38.0 million loan was paid in full and a new secured note was issued
for $69.0 million bearing interest at fixed rate of 6.52% and maturing August
10, 2008.

THE SHOPPING CENTER INDUSTRY

         GENERAL
         There are several types of retail shopping centers, which are
differentiated primarily based on size and marketing strategy. Retail shopping
centers generally contain in excess of 400,000 square feet of gross leasable
area ("GLA"), are typically anchored by two or more department or large retail
stores ("Anchors") and are referred to as "Regional Shopping Centers" or
"Malls". Regional Shopping Centers also typically contain numerous diversified
retail stores ("Mall Stores"), most of which are national or regional retailers
typically located along corridors connecting the Anchors. Community Shopping
Centers, also referred to as "strip centers," are retail shopping centers that
are designed to attract local or neighborhood customers and are typically
anchored by one or more supermarkets, discount department stores and/or drug
stores. Community Shopping Centers typically contain 100,000 square feet to
400,000 square feet of GLA. In addition, freestanding retail stores are located
along the perimeter of the shopping centers ("Freestanding Stores"). Anchors,
Mall and Freestanding Stores and other tenants typically contribute funds for
the maintenance of the common areas, property taxes, insurance, advertising and
other expenditures related to the operation of the shopping center.


                                  2

<PAGE>

         REGIONAL SHOPPING CENTERS

         A Regional Shopping Center draws from its trade area by offering a
variety of fashion merchandise, hard goods and services and entertainment,
generally in an enclosed, climate controlled environment with convenient
parking. Regional Shopping Centers provide an array of retail shops and
entertainment facilities and often serve as the town center and the preferred
gathering place for community, charity, and promotional events.

         The Company focuses on the acquisition and redevelopment of Regional
Shopping Centers. Regional Shopping Centers have generally provided owners with
relatively stable growth in income despite the cyclical nature of the retail
business. This stability is due both to the diversity of tenants and to the
typical dominance of Regional Shopping Centers in their trade areas. Regional
Shopping Centers are difficult to develop because of the significant barriers to
entry, including the limited availability of capital and suitable development
sites, the presence of existing Regional Shopping Centers in most markets, a
limited number of Anchors, and the associated development costs and risks.
Consequently, the Company believes that few new Regional Shopping Centers will
be built in the next five years. However, many of the market, financing and
economic risks typically associated with the development of new Regional
Shopping Centers can be mitigated by acquiring and redeveloping an existing
Regional Shopping Center. Furthermore, the value of Regional Shopping Centers
can be significantly enhanced through redevelopment, renovation and expansion.

         Regional Shopping Centers have different strategies with regard to
price, merchandise offered and tenant mix, and are generally tailored to meet
the needs of their trade areas. Anchor tenants are located along common areas in
a configuration designed to maximize consumer traffic for the benefit of the
Mall Stores. Mall GLA, which generally refers to gross leasable area contiguous
to the Anchors for tenants other than Anchors, is leased to a wide variety of
smaller retailers. Mall Stores typically account for the bulk of the revenues of
a Regional Shopping Center.

         Although a variety of retail formats compete for consumer purchases,
the Company believes that Regional Shopping Centers will continue to be a
preferred shopping destination. The combination of a climate controlled shopping
environment, a dominant location, and a diverse tenant mix has resulted in
Regional Shopping Centers generating higher tenant sales than are generally
achieved at smaller retail formats. Further, the Company believes that
department stores located in Regional Shopping Centers will continue to provide
a full range of current fashion merchandise at a limited number of locations in
any one market, allowing them to command the largest geographical trade area of
any retail format.

         COMMUNITY SHOPPING CENTERS

         Community Shopping Centers are designed to attract local and
neighborhood customers and are typically open air shopping centers, with one or
more supermarkets, drugstores or discount department stores. National retailers
such as Kids-R-Us at Bristol Shopping Center, Toys-R-Us at Boulder Plaza, and
The Gap, Victoria's Secret and Express/Bath and Body at Villa Marina, provide
the Company's Community Shopping Centers with the opportunity to draw from a
much larger trade area than a typical supermarket or drugstore anchored
Community Shopping Center.

BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY

         MANAGEMENT AND OPERATING PHILOSOPHY

         The Company believes that the shopping center business requires
specialized skills across a broad array of disciplines for effective and
profitable operations. For this reason, the Company has developed a fully
integrated real estate organization with in-house acquisition, redevelopment,
property management, leasing, finance, construction, marketing, legal and
accounting expertise. In addition, the Company emphasizes a philosophy of
decentralized property management, leasing and marketing performed by on-site
professionals. The Company believes that this strategy results in the optimal
operation, tenant mix and drawing power of each Center as well as the ability to
quickly respond to changing competitive conditions of the Center's trade area.


                                  3

<PAGE>

MANAGEMENT AND OPERATING PHILOSOPHY, CONTINUED:

         PROPERTY MANAGEMENT AND LEASING. The Company believes that on-site
property managers can most effectively operate the Centers. Each Center's
property manager is responsible for overseeing the operations, marketing,
maintenance and security functions at the Center. Property managers focus
special attention on controlling operating costs, a key element in the
profitability of the Centers, and seek to develop strong relationships with and
to be responsive to the needs of retailers.

         The Company believes strongly in decentralized leasing and accordingly,
most of its leasing managers are located on-site to better understand the market
and the community in which a Center is located. Leasing managers are charged
with more than the responsibility of leasing space; they continually assess and
fine tune each Center's tenant mix, identify and replace underperforming tenants
and seek to optimize existing tenant sizes and configurations.

         ACQUISITIONS. Since its initial public offering ("IPO"), the Company
has acquired interests in shopping centers nationwide. These acquisitions were
identified and consummated by the Company's staff of acquisition professionals
who are strategically located in Santa Monica, Dallas, Denver, and Atlanta. The
Company believes that it is geographically well positioned to cultivate and
maintain ongoing relationships with potential sellers and financial institutions
and to act quickly when acquisition opportunities arise. The Company focuses on
assets that are or can be dominant in their trade area, have a franchise and
where there is intrinsic value.

         The Company made the following acquisitions in 1997: South Towne Center
in Sandy, Utah on March 27, 1997; Stonewood Mall in Downey, California on August
6, 1997; Manhattan Village in Manhattan Beach, California on August 19, 1997
through a joint venture in which the Company owns a 10% interest; The Citadel in
Colorado Springs, Colorado on December 19, 1997, and Great Falls Marketplace in
Great Falls, Montana on December 31, 1997. Together these properties are known
as the "1997 Acquisition Centers."

         The Company made the following acquisitions in 1998: The Company 
along with a 50/50 joint venture partner, acquired a portfolio of twelve 
regional malls totaling 10.7 million square feet on February 27, 1998; South 
Plains Mall in Lubbock, Texas on June 19,1998; Westside Pavilion in Los 
Angeles, California on July 1, 1998; Village at Corte Madera in Corte Madera, 
California in June and July 1998; Carmel Plaza in Carmel, California on 
August 10, 1998; and Northwest Arkansas Mall in Fayetteville, Arkansas on 
December 15, 1998. Together, these properties are known as the "1998 
Acquisition Centers."

         On February 18, 1999, the Company, along with a joint venture partner,
acquired a portfolio of three regional malls, the retail component of a
mixed-use development, five contiguous properties and two non-contiguous
community shopping centers totaling approximately 3.6 million square feet. The
Company is a 51% owner of this portfolio. The second phase of this transaction
consists of the acquisition of the office component of the mixed-use development
which is expected to occur in May 1999.

         REDEVELOPMENT. One of the major components of the Company's growth
strategy is its ability to redevelop acquired properties. For this reason, the
Company has built a staff of redevelopment professionals who have primary
responsibility for identifying redevelopment opportunities that will result in
enhanced long-term financial returns and market position for the Centers. The
redevelopment professionals oversee the design and construction of the projects
in addition to obtaining required governmental and Anchor approvals.

         THE CENTERS. As of February 18, 1999, the Centers consist of 46
Regional Shopping Centers and seven Community Shopping Centers aggregating
approximately 40 million square feet of GLA. The 46 Regional Shopping Centers in
the Company's portfolio average approximately 842,000 square feet of GLA and
range in size from 1.9 million square feet of GLA at Lakewood Mall to 324,859
square feet of GLA at Panorama Mall. The Company's seven Community Shopping
Centers, Albany Plaza, Boulder Plaza, Bristol Shopping Center, Carmel Plaza,
Eastland Plaza, Great Falls Marketplace and Villa Marina Marketplace, have an
average of 180,000 square feet of GLA. The 46 Regional Shopping Centers
presently include 163 Anchors totaling approximately 22.0 million square feet of
GLA and approximately 5,515 Mall and Freestanding Stores totaling approximately
18.0 million square feet of GLA.

         Total revenues increased from $221.2 million in 1997 to $283.9 million
in 1998 primarily due to the 1998 and 1997 acquisitions. See "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."
Lakewood Mall generated 10.5% of total shopping center revenues in 1997 and
16.0% in 1996. Queens Center accounted for 13.8% of 1996 shopping center
revenue. No Center generated more than 10% of shopping center revenues during
1998.


                                  4

<PAGE>

         COST OF OCCUPANCY

         The Company's management believes that in order to maximize the
Company's operating cash flow, the Centers' Mall Store tenants must be able to
operate profitably. A major factor contributing to tenant profitability is cost
of occupancy. The following table summarizes occupancy costs for Mall Store
tenants in the Centers as a percentage of total Mall Store sales for the last
three years:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                   For the Year Ended December 31,

                                               1996 (2)       1997 (3)        1998 (4)
                                               --------       --------        --------
<S>                                            <C>            <C>             <C>
Minimum rents                                    8.3%           7.9%            7.7%
Percentage rents                                 0.4%           0.4%            0.4%
Expense recoveries (1)                           2.9%           3.0%            3.0%
                                               -------        -------         -------
Mall tenant occupancy costs                     11.6%          11.3%           11.1%
                                               -------        -------         -------
                                               -------        -------         -------
</TABLE>


(1)  Represents real estate tax and common area maintenance charges.
(2)  Excludes Centers acquired in 1996 (the "1996 Acquisition Centers"). See
     "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
     Operations."
(3)  Excludes 1997 Acquisition Centers.
(4)  Excludes 1998 Acquisition Centers.

         COMPETITION

         The 46 Regional Shopping Centers are generally located in developed
areas in middle to upper income markets where there are relatively few other
Regional Shopping Centers. In addition, 44 of the 46 Regional Shopping Centers
contain more than 400,000 square feet of GLA. The Company intends to consider
additional expansion and renovation projects to maintain and enhance the quality
of the Centers and their competitive position in their trade areas.

         There are numerous owners and developers of real estate that compete
with the Company in its trade areas. There are ten other publicly traded mall
companies, any of which under certain circumstances, could compete against the
Company for an acquisition, an Anchor or a tenant. This results in competition
for both acquisition of centers and for tenants to occupy space. The existence
of competing shopping centers could have a material impact on the Company's
ability to lease space and on the level of rent that can be achieved. There is
also increasing competition from other forms of retail, such as factory outlet
centers, power centers, discount shopping clubs, mail-order services, internet
shopping and home shopping networks that could adversely affect the Company's
revenues.

         MAJOR TENANTS

         The Centers derived approximately 89.9% of their total rents for the
year ended December 31, 1998 from Mall and Freestanding Stores. One retailer
accounted for approximately 6.1% of annual base rents of the Company, and no
other single retailer accounted for more than 4.5%, as of December 31, 1998.

         The following retailers (including their subsidiaries) represent the 10
largest retailers in the Company's portfolio (excluding joint ventures) based
upon minimum rents in place as of December 31, 1998:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        NUMBER OF STORES       % OF TOTAL MINIMUM RENTS
                  RETAILER               IN THE CENTERS         AS OF DECEMBER 31, 1998
                  --------               --------------         -----------------------
<S>                                     <C>                    <C>
The Limited                                    107                          6.1%
Venator Group                                  126                          4.5%
The Gap                                        28                           2.6%
Barnes & Noble                                 29                           1.8%
J.C. Penney                                    19                           1.8%
Melville Corporation                           32                           1.2%
The Musicland Group                            29                           1.1%
Consolidated Stores                            29                           1.0%
Zale Corporation                               24                           0.9%
Hallmark Specialty Retail                      20                           0.8%

</TABLE>


                                  5

<PAGE>

         MALL AND FREESTANDING STORES

         Mall and Freestanding Store leases generally provide for tenants to pay
rent comprised of a fixed base (or "minimum") rent and a percentage rent based
on sales. In some cases, tenants pay only a fixed minimum rent, and in some
cases, tenants pay only percentage rents. Most leases for Mall and Freestanding
Stores contain provisions that allow the Centers to recover their costs for
maintenance of the common areas, property taxes, insurance, advertising and
other expenditures related to the operations of the Center.

         The Company uses tenant spaces 10,000 square feet and under for
comparing rental rate activity. Tenant space under 10,000 square feet in the
portfolio at December 31, 1998, comprises 70.0% of all Mall and Freestanding
Store space. The Company believes that to include space over 10,000 square feet
would provide a less meaningful comparison.

         When an existing lease expires, the Company is often able to enter into
a new lease with a higher base rent component. The average base rent for new
Mall and Freestanding Store leases, 10,000 square feet or under, commencing
during 1998 was $28.58 per square foot, or 14% higher than the average base rent
for all Mall and Freestanding Stores (10,000 square feet or under) at December
31, 1998 of $25.08 per square foot.

         The following table sets forth for the Centers the average base rent
per square foot of Mall and Freestanding GLA, for tenants 10,000 square feet and
under, as of December 31 for each of the past three years.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            Average Base               Average Base
                                  Average Base          Rent Per Sq. Ft. on        Rent Per Sq. Ft. on
                                    Rent Per             Leases Commencing           Leases Expiring
                                Square Foot (1)         During the Year (2)        During the Year (3)
                             -----------------------  -------------------------  -------------------------
<S>                          <C>                      <C>                        <C>
DECEMBER 31,

1996............................             $23.90                     $27.02                     $24.54
1997............................             $24.27                     $27.58                     $24.84
1998............................             $25.08                     $28.58                     $26.34
</TABLE>


(1)  Average base rent per square foot is based on Mall and Freestanding Store
     GLA for spaces 10,000 square feet or under occupied as of December 31 for
     each of the Centers owned by the Company in 1996 (excluding the 1996
     Acquisition Centers), 1997 (excluding the 1997 Acquisition Centers), and
     1998 (excluding the 1998 Acquisition Centers).

(2)  The base rent on lease signings during the year represents the actual rent
     to be paid on a per square foot basis during the first twelve months. The
     1996 average excludes the 1996 Acquisition Centers, the 1997 average
     excludes the 1997 Acquisition Centers and the 1998 average excludes the
     1998 Acquisition Centers.

(3)  The average base rent on leases expiring during the year represents the
     final year minimum rent, on a cash basis, for all tenant leases 10,000
     square feet or under expiring during the year. On a comparable space basis,
     average rents on leases under 10,000 square feet commencing in 1998 was
     $31.04 compared to expiring rents of $26.34. The average base rent on
     leases expiring in 1996 excludes the 1996 Acquisition Centers, the average
     for 1997 excludes 1997 Acquisition Centers and the average for 1998
     excludes the 1998 Acquisition Centers.

     BANKRUPTCY AND/OR CLOSURE OF RETAIL STORES

         The bankruptcy and/or closure of an Anchor, or its sale to a less
desirable retailer, could adversely affect customer traffic in a Center and
thereby reduce the income generated by that Center. Furthermore, the closing of
an Anchor could, under certain circumstances, allow certain other Anchors or
other tenants to terminate their leases or cease operating their stores at the
Center or otherwise adversely affect occupancy at the Center. During 1997,
Montgomery Ward filed for bankruptcy. The Company has Montgomery Ward as an
Anchor in 11 of its Centers. Montgomery Ward has indicated that it plans to
cease operating at three of these locations. The Company is negotiating to
recapture these locations and replace Montgomery Ward with another department
store. Montgomery Ward has not yet disclosed whether it will cease to operate
any of its eight remaining stores at the Centers. If Montgomery Ward ceases to
operate any of its stores and the Company is unable to replace them with other
tenants, it could have an adverse effect on a Center.


                                  6

<PAGE>

     BANKRUPTCY AND/OR CLOSURE OF RETAIL STORES, CONTINUED:

         Retail stores at the Centers other than Anchors may also seek the
protection of the bankruptcy laws and/or close stores, which could result in the
termination of such tenants' leases and thus cause a reduction in the cash flow
generated by the Centers. Although no single retailer accounts for greater than
6.1% of total rents, the bankruptcy and/or closure of stores could result in
decreased occupancy levels, reduced rental income or otherwise adversely impact
the Centers. Although certain tenants have filed for bankruptcy, the Company
does not believe such filings and any subsequent closures of their stores will
have a material adverse impact on its operations.


         LEASE EXPIRATIONS

         The following table shows scheduled lease expirations (for Centers
owned as of December 31, 1998) of Mall and Freestanding Stores 10,000 square
feet or under for the next ten years, assuming that none of the tenants exercise
renewal options.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                   Approximate       % of Total               Ending
                     Number of       GLA of          Leased GLA            Base Rent per
     Year Ending       Leases       Expiring       Represented by         Square Foot of
    December 31,      Expiring       Leases       Expiring Leases (1)    Expiring Leases (1)
    ------------      --------       ------       ------------------    -------------------
    <S>              <C>           <C>            <C>                   <C>
            1999        587         1,057,547         11.9%                    $23.49
            2000        465           840,962          9.5%                    $26.41
            2001        428           807,193          9.1%                    $27.55
            2002        373           794,459          8.9%                    $25.42
            2003        435           950,597         10.7%                    $24.99
            2004        308           727,502          8.2%                    $25.20
            2005        323           869,563          9.8%                    $26.03
            2006        296           804,328          9.1%                    $26.60
            2007        318           841,666          9.5%                    $28.07
            2008        291           811,139          9.1%                    $28.84
</TABLE>


- ---------------------------------------------------------
(1)  For leases 10,000 square feet or under



         ANCHORS

         Anchors have traditionally been a major factor in the public's
identification with Regional Shopping Centers. Anchors are generally department
stores whose merchandise appeals to a broad range of shoppers. Although the
Centers receive a smaller percentage of their operating income from Anchors than
from Mall and Freestanding Stores, strong Anchors play an important part in
maintaining customer traffic and making the Centers desirable locations for Mall
and Freestanding Store tenants.

         Anchors either own their stores, the land under them and in some cases
adjacent parking areas, or enter into long-term leases with an owner at rates
that are lower than the rents charged to tenants of Mall and Freestanding
Stores. Each Anchor which owns its own store, and certain Anchors which lease
their stores, enter into reciprocal easement agreements with the owner of the
Center covering among other things, operational matters, initial construction
and future expansion.

         Anchors represented approximately 10.1% of the Company's total rent for
the year ended December 31, 1998.

         The following table identifies each Anchor, each parent company that
owns multiple Anchors and the number of square feet owned or leased by each such
Anchor or parent company in the Centers as of December 31, 1998, except as
otherwise indicated:


                                  7
<PAGE>

ANCHORS, CONTINUED:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                               GLA              GLA            Total GLA
                                                         Number of            Owned           Leased           Occupied
Name                                                   Anchor Stores        By Anchor        By Anchor         By Anchor
- ----                                                  -----------------  ---------------- ---------------- ------------------
<S>                                                   <C>                <C>              <C>              <C>
J.C. Penney                                                         30         1,196,066        2,731,774          3,927,840
Sears                                                               25         1,437,831        1,518,413          2,956,244

Dayton Hudson Corp.
     Mervyn's                                                       10           409,180          408,508            817,688
     Target                                                          8           491,260          379,871            871,131
     Dayton's                                                        2           115,193          100,790            215,983
                                                      -----------------  ---------------- ---------------- ------------------
           Total                                                    20         1,015,633          889,169          1,904,802

Dillard's                                                           14         1,257,162          662,735          1,919,897

Federated Department Stores
     Macy's                                                          8         1,039,844          411,599          1,451,443
     Macy's Men's & Home                                             2                 -          155,614            155,614
     Macy's Men's & Juniors                                          2                 -          146,906            146,906
                                                      -----------------  ---------------- ---------------- ------------------
          Total                                                     12         1,039,844          714,119          1,753,963

Montgomery Ward (1)                                                 11           585,768          939,687          1,525,455

May Department Stores Co.
     Foley's                                                         4           725,316                -            725,316
     Hechts                                                          2           140,000          143,426            283,426
     Robinsons-May                                                   3           366,250          362,852            729,102
                                                      -----------------  ---------------- ---------------- ------------------
          Total                                                      9         1,231,566          506,278          1,737,844

Younker's                                                            6                 -          609,177            609,177
Gottschalks                                                          5           332,638          283,772            616,410
Herberger's                                                          5           188,000          283,891            471,891
Nordstrom                                                            3           109,000          323,369            432,369
Von Maur                                                             3           186,686           59,563            246,249
Belk                                                                 2                 -          127,950            127,950
Boscov's                                                             2                 -          314,717            314,717
Wal-Mart                                                             2           281,455                             281,455
Beall's                                                              1                 -           40,000             40,000
Burlington Coat Factory                                              1                 -          133,650            133,650
DeJong                                                               1                 -           43,811             43,811
Famous Barr                                                          1           180,000                -            180,000
Home Depot                                                           1                 -          130,232            130,232
Kohl's                                                               1                 -           92,466             92,466
Lazarus                                                              1           159,068                -            159,068
Watson's                                                             1                 -           42,090             42,090
ZCMI                                                                 1                 -          200,000            200,000

Vacant                                                               5                 -          348,023            348,023

                                                      -----------------  ---------------- ---------------- ------------------

                                                                   163         9,200,717       10,994,886         20,195,603
                                                      -----------------  ---------------- ---------------- ------------------
                                                      -----------------  ---------------- ---------------- ------------------

</TABLE>

         ---------------------------

(1)      During 1997, Montgomery Ward filed for bankruptcy. Montgomery Ward
         announced that it will close its stores at Holiday Village Mall,
         Rimrock Mall and Southridge Mall in 1999. The Company is negotiating to
         recapture these locations and replace Montgomery Ward with another
         department store. Montgomery Ward has not yet disclosed whether it will
         cease to operate any of its eight remaining stores at the Centers.


                                  8

<PAGE>

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

         Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and
regulations, an owner of real estate may be liable for the cost of removal or
remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances on or in such property.
Such laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the owner knew
of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances.
The costs of investigation, removal or remediation of such substances may be
substantial, and the presence of such substances, or the failure to properly
remediate such substances, may adversely affect the owner's ability to sell or
rent such property or to borrow using such property as collateral. Persons who
arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances may also
be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of a release of such
substances at a disposal treatment facility, whether or not such facility is
owned or operated by such person. Certain environmental laws impose liability
for release of asbestos-containing materials (ACMs) into the air and third
parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for
personal injury associated ACMs. In connection with the ownership (direct or
indirect), operation, management and development of real properties, the Company
may be considered an owner or operator of such properties or as having arranged
for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances and therefore
potentially liable for removal or remediation costs, as well as certain other
related costs, including governmental fines and injuries to persons and
property.

         Each of the Centers has been subjected to a Phase I audit (which
involves review of publicly available information and general property
inspections, but does not involve soil sampling or ground water analysis)
completed by an environmental consultant.

         Based on these audits, and on other information, the Company is aware
of the following environmental issues that are reasonably possible to result in
costs associated with future investigation or remediation, or in environmental
liability:

               -    ASBESTOS. The Company has conducted ACM surveys at various
                    locations within the Centers. The surveys indicate that ACMs
                    are present or suspected in certain areas, primarily vinyl
                    floor tiles, mastics, roofing materials, drywall tape and
                    joint compounds. The identified ACMs are generally
                    non-friable, in good condition, and possess low
                    probabilities for disturbance. At certain Centers where ACMs
                    are present or suspected, however, some ACMs have been or
                    may be classified as "friable," and ultimately may require
                    removal under certain conditions. The Company has developed
                    and implemented an operations and maintenance (O&M) plan to
                    manage ACM in place.

               -    UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANKS. Underground storage tanks (USTs)
                    are or were present at certain of the Centers, often in
                    connection with tenant operations at gasoline stations or
                    automotive tire, battery and accessory service centers
                    located at such Centers. USTs also may be or have been
                    present at properties neighboring certain Centers. Some of
                    these tanks have either leaked or are suspected to have
                    leaked. Where leakage has occurred, investigation,
                    remediation, and monitoring costs may be incurred by the
                    Company if responsible current or former tenants, or other
                    responsible parties, are unavailable to pay such costs.

               -    CHLORINATED HYDROCARBONS. The presence of chlorinated
                    hydrocarbons such as perchloroethylene (PCE) and its
                    degradation byproducts have been detected at certain of the
                    Centers, often in connection with tenant dry cleaning
                    operations. Where PCE has been detected, the Company may
                    incur investigation, remediation and monitoring costs if
                    responsible current or former tenants, or other responsible
                    parties, are unavailable to pay such costs.


         PCE has been detected in soil and groundwater in the vicinity of a dry
cleaning establishment at North Valley Plaza, formerly owned by a joint venture
of which the Company was a 50% member. The property was sold on December 18,
1997. The California Department of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC) advised the
Company in 1995 that very low levels of Dichloroethylene (1,2 DCE), a
degradation byproduct of PCE, had been detected in a municipal water well
located 1/4 mile west of the dry cleaners, and that the dry cleaning facility
may have contributed to the introduction of 1,2 DCE into the water well.
According to DTSC, the maximum contaminant level (MCL) for 1,2 DCE which is
permitted in drinking water is 6 parts per billion (ppb). The 1,2 DCE was
detected in the water well at a concentration of 1.2 ppb, which is below the
MCL. The Company has retained an environmental consultant and has initiated
extensive testing of the site. Remediation began in October 1997. The joint
venture agreed (between itself and the buyer) that it would be responsible for
continuing to pursue the investigation and remediation of impacted soil and
groundwater resulting from releases of PCE from the former dry cleaner. $153,100
and $124,000 have already been incurred by the joint venture for remediation,
and professional and legal fees for the periods ending December 31, 1998 and
1997, respectively. An additional $408,000 remains reserved by the joint venture
as of December 31, 1998.


                                  9
<PAGE>

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS, CONTINUED:


The joint venture has been sharing costs on a 50/50 basis with a former owner of
the property and intends to look to additional responsible parties for recovery.

         Low levels of toluene, a petroleum constituent, was detected in one of
three groundwater dewatering system holding tanks at Queens Center. Although the
Company believes that no remediation will be required, the Company established a
$150,000 reserve in 1996 to cover professional fees and testing costs, which was
reduced by costs incurred of $2,300 and $18,000 for the twelve months ending
December 31, 1998 and 1997, respectively. The Company intends to look to the
responsible parties and insurers if remediation is required.

         The Company acquired Fresno Fashion Fair in December 1996. Asbestos has
been detected in structural fireproofing throughout much of the Center. Testing
data conducted by professional environmental consulting firms indicates that the
fireproofing is largely inaccessible to building occupants and is well adhered
to the structural members. Additionally, airborne concentrations of asbestos
were well within OSHA's permissible exposure limit (PEL) of .1 fcc. The
accounting for this acquisition includes a reserve of $3.3 million to cover
future removal of this asbestos, as necessary. The Company incurred $255,500 and
$170,000 in remediation costs for the twelve months ending December 31, 1998 and
1997, respectively.

INSURANCE

         The Company has comprehensive liability, fire, flood, extended coverage
and rental loss insurance with respect to the Centers. The Company or the joint
venture, as applicable, also currently carries earthquake insurance covering the
Centers located in California. Management believes that such insurance provides
adequate coverage. The Company has been notified by certain of its insurance
carriers that coverage will not be provided for various claims relating to the
Year 2000 issues and is negotiating with such carriers regarding the scope of
any Year 2000 exclusions.

QUALIFICATION AS A REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST

         The Company elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust under
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), commencing with its
first taxable year ended December 31, 1994, and intends to conduct its
operations so as to continue to qualify as a real estate investment trust under
the Code. As a real estate investment trust, the Company generally will not be
subject to federal and state income taxes on its net taxable income that it
currently distributes to stockholders. Qualification and taxation as a real
estate investment trust depends on the Company's ability to meet certain
dividend distribution tests, share ownership requirements and various
qualification tests prescribed in the Code.


 EMPLOYEES

         The Company and the Management Companies employ approximately 1,443
persons, including eight executive officers, personnel in the areas of
acquisitions and business development (7), property management (260), leasing
(68), redevelopment/construction (22), financial services (37) and legal affairs
(24). In addition, in an effort to minimize operating costs, the Company
generally maintains its own security staff (447) and maintenance staff (570).
Approximately six of these employees are represented by a union. The Company
believes that relations with its employees are good.


                                  10

<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES                                

         The following table sets forth certain information about each of 
         the Centers:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              Year of                Year of                                       
    Company's                                                 Original             Most Recent                          Mall and   
    Ownership            Name of Center /                  Construction/           Expansion /         Total         Free-standing 
        %                  Location (1)                     Acquisition            Renovation         GLA (2)             GLA     
- --------------------------------------------------        ---------------        --------------  ----------------    --------------
<S>            <C>                                       <C>                    <C>               <C>               <C>
          100% Boulder Plaza                               1969 / 1989               1991                158,997           158,997 
                 Boulder, Colorado                                                                                                 
          100% Bristol Shopping Center (4)                 1966 / 1986               1992                165,279           165,279 
                 Santa Ana, California                                                                                             
           50% Broadway Plaza (4)                          1951 / 1985               1994                678,855           233,358 
                 Walnut Creek, California                                                                                          
          100% Capitola Mall (4)                           1977 / 1995               1988                584,962           205,245 
                 Capitola, California                                                                                              
          100% Chesterfield Towne Center                   1975 / 1994               1997                869,606           404,987 
                 Richmond, Virginia                                                                                                
          100% Citadel, The                                1972 / 1997               1995              1,045,784           450,444 
                 Colorado Springs, Colorado                                                                                        
          100% County East Mall                            1966 / 1986               1989                494,343           175,783 
                 Antioch, California                                                                                               
          100% Crossroads Mall                             1974 / 1994               1991              1,174,207           434,519 
                 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma                                                                                           
          100% Fresno Fashion Fair                         1970 / 1996               1983                874,306           313,425 
                 Fresno, California                                                                                                
          100% Great Falls Marketplace                     1997 / 1997                 -                 159,758           159,758 
                 Great Falls, Montana                                                                                              
          100% Greeley Mall                                1973 / 1986               1987                581,443           238,081 
                 Greeley, Colorado                                                                                                 
          100% Green Tree Mall (4)                         1968 / 1975               1995                781,737           337,741 
                 Clarksville, Indiana                                                                                              
          100% Holiday Village Mall (4)                    1959 / 1979               1992                597,361           269,842 
                 Great Falls, Montana                                                                                              
          100% Lakewood Mall                               1953 / 1975               1996              1,850,903           907,254 
                 Lakewood, California                                                                                              
           10% Manhattan Village Shopping Ctr (4)          1981 / 1997               1992                551,847           375,793 
                  Manhattan Beach, California                                                                                      
          100% Northgate Mall                              1964 / 1986               1987                743,849           273,518 
                 San Rafael, California                                                                                            
           50% Panorama Mall                               1955 / 1979               1980                324,859           159,859 
                 Panorama, California                                                                                              
          100% Queens Center                               1973 / 1995               1991                624,337           156,194 
                 Queens, New York                                                                                                  
          100% Rimrock Mall                                1978 / 1996               1980                600,788           285,348 
                 Billings, Montana                                                                                                 
          100% Salisbury,  Centre at                       1990 / 1995               1990                883,400           278,419 
                 Salisbury,  Maryland                                                                                              
          100% South Towne Center                          1987 / 1997               1997              1,236,356           459,844 
                  Sandy, Utah                                                                                                      
          100% Stonewood Mall (4)                          1953 / 1997               1991                927,553           356,806 
                  Downey, California                                                                          

<CAPTION>

                                                            Percentage                                                         
    Company's                                               of Mall and                                             Sales Per  
    Ownership               Name of Center /               Free-standing                                              Square   
        %                     Location (1)                  GLA Leased                     Anchors                   Foot (3)  
- ------------------------------------------------------    ---------------- ---------------------------------------- -----------
<S>            <C>                                       <C>              <C>                                       <C>
          100% Boulder Plaza                                    100.0%                      -----                         $323  
                 Boulder, Colorado                                                                                              
          100% Bristol Shopping Center (4)                       96.9%                      -----                          380  
                 Santa Ana, California                                                                                          
           50% Broadway Plaza (4)                                99.2%     Macy's, Nordstrom,                              479  
                 Walnut Creek, California                                     Macy's Men's and Juniors                          
          100% Capitola Mall (4)                                 97.5%     Gottschalks, J.C. Penney,                       305  
                 Capitola, California                                         Mervyn's, Sears                                   
          100% Chesterfield Towne Center                         96.0%     Dillard's (two), Hechts, Sears                  317  
                 Richmond, Virginia                                                                                             
          100% Citadel, The                                      82.4%     Dillard's, Foley's, J.C. Penney, Mervyn's       263  
                 Colorado Springs, Colorado                                                                                     
          100% County East Mall                                  88.5%     Sears, Gottschalks, Mervyn's (8)                246  
                 Antioch, California                                                                                            
          100% Crossroads Mall                                   91.6%     Dillards, Foley's, J.C. Penney,                 221  
                 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma                                      Montgomery Ward (6)                               
          100% Fresno Fashion Fair                               97.4%     Gottschalks, J.C. Penney, Macy's,               321  
                 Fresno, California                                           Macy's Men's and Children                         
          100% Great Falls Marketplace                          100.0%                      -----                           85  
                 Great Falls, Montana                                                                                           
          100% Greeley Mall                                      74.3%     Dillard's (two), J.C. Penney, Sears,            237  
                 Greeley, Colorado                                            Montgomery Ward (6)                               
          100% Green Tree Mall (4)                               85.8%     Dillard's, J.C. Penney,                         329  
                 Clarksville, Indiana                                         Sears, Target                                     
          100% Holiday Village Mall (4)                          93.6%     Herberger's, J.C. Penney, Sears,                264  
                 Great Falls, Montana                                         Montgomery Ward (6)                               
          100% Lakewood Mall                                     96.6%     Home Depot, J.C. Penney, Mervyn's,              327  
                 Lakewood, California                                         Montgomery Ward (6), Robinson-May                
           10% Manhattan Village Shopping Ctr (4)                98.3%     Macy's, Macy's Men's & Home                     639  
                  Manhattan Beach, California                                                                                   
          100% Northgate Mall                                    92.3%     Macy's, Mervyns, Sears                          296  
                 San Rafael, California                                                                                         
           50% Panorama Mall                                     98.3%     Wal-Mart (5)                                    408  
                 Panorama, California                                                                                           
          100% Queens Center                                    100.0%     J.C. Penney, Macy's                             740  
                 Queens, New York                                                                                               
          100% Rimrock Mall                                      93.7%     Dillard's, Herbergers, J.C. Penney,             268  
                 Billings, Montana                                             Montgomery Ward (6)                              
          100% Salisbury,  Centre at                             95.8%     Boscov's, J.C. Penney, Hechts,                  294  
                 Salisbury,  Maryland                                         Montgomery Ward (6), Sears                        
          100% South Towne Center                                95.3%     Dillard's, J.C. Penney, Mervyn's, Target,       226  
                  Sandy, Utah                                                 ZCMI                                              
          100% Stonewood Mall (4)                                85.7%     J.C. Penney, Mervyn's, Robinson-May,            309  
                  Downey, California                                          Sears                                             

</TABLE>


                                       11

<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES, CONTINUED                                            

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              Year of                Year of                                       
    Company's                                                 Original             Most Recent                          Mall and   
    Ownership            Name of Center /                  Construction/           Expansion /         Total         Free-standing 
        %                  Location (1)                     Acquisition            Renovation         GLA (2)             GLA     
- --------------------------------------------------        ---------------        --------------    ---------------   -------------
<S>            <C>                                       <C>                    <C>               <C>               <C>

                                                              
          100% Valley View Center                          1973 / 1996               1996                1,507,699         449,802 
                 Dallas, Texas                                                                                                     
          100% Villa Marina Marketplace                    1972 / 1996               1995                  448,517         448,517 
                 Marina Del Rey, California                                                                                        
          100% Vintage Faire Mall                          1977 / 1996                 -                 1,047,409         347,490 
                 Modesto, California                                                                                               
           19% West Acres                                  1972 / 1986               1992                  928,782         376,227 
                 Fargo, North Dakota                                                                                               
                                                                                                    ---------------   -------------
                 TOTAL / AVERAGE AT DECEMBER 31, 1998 (a)                                               19,842,937       8,422,530 
                                                                                                    ---------------   -------------
                 1998 ACQUISITION CENTERS                                                                                         

          100% Carmel Plaza                                1974 / 1998               1993                  115,215         115,215 
                 Carmel, California                                                                                                
          100% Corte Madera, Village at                    1985 / 1998               1994                  428,398         210,398 
                 Corte Madera, California                                                                                          
          100% Northwest Arkansas Mall                     1972 / 1998               1997                  780,237         305,506 
                 Fayetteville, Arkansas                                                                                            
          100% South Plains Mall                           1972 / 1998               1995                1,140,574         398,787 
                 Lubbock, Texas                                                                                                    
          100% Westside Pavilion                           1985 / 1998               1991                  755,759         397,631 
                 Los Angeles, California                                                                                           
                                                                                                   ----------------  --------------
               TOTAL / AVERAGE 1998 ACQUISITIONS                                                         3,220,183       1,427,537 
                                                                                                   ----------------  --------------
               TOTAL / AVERAGE AT DECEMBER 31, 1998 (b)                                                 23,063,120       9,850,067 
                                                                                                   ----------------  --------------
                                                                                                   ----------------  --------------

<CAPTION>

                                                            Percentage                                                         
    Company's                                               of Mall and                                             Sales Per  
    Ownership               Name of Center /               Free-standing                                              Square   
        %                     Location (1)                  GLA Leased                     Anchors                   Foot (3)  
- ------------------------------------------------------    ---------------- ---------------------------------------- -----------
<S>            <C>                                       <C>              <C>                                       <C>
          100% Valley View Center                                92.7%     Dillard's, Foleys, J.C. Penney,                $274 
                 Dallas, Texas                                                Sears                                            

          100% Villa Marina Marketplace                          96.7%                      -----                          429
                 Marina Del Rey, California

          100% Vintage Faire Mall                                90.5%     Gottschalks, J.C. Penney, Macy's,               315
                 Modesto, California                                          Macy's Men's & Home, Sears      
                                                                 
           19% West Acres                                        96.3%     Daytons, Herberger's, J.C. Penney, Sears        346
                 Fargo, North Dakota                   
                                                          ----------------                                          -----------
               TOTAL / AVERAGE AT DECEMBER 31, 1998 (a)          93.4%                                                    $337      
                                                          ----------------                                          -----------
               1998 ACQUISITION CENTERS
                                                                                                                                    
          100% Carmel Plaza                                      97.7%                      -----                         $327      
                 Carmel, California                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                    
          100% Corte Madera, Village at                          92.4%     Macy's, Nordstrom                               476      
                 Corte Madera, California                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                    
          100% Northwest Arkansas Mall                           91.7%     Dillard's (two), J.C. Penney, Sears             267      
                 Fayetteville, Arkansas                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                    
          100% South Plains Mall                                 97.8%     Beall's, Dillards, J.C. Penney,                 295      
                 Lubbock, Texas                                                 Mervyn's, Sears                                     
                                                                                                                                    
          100% Westside Pavilion                                 90.8%     Nordstrom, Robinson-May                         375      
                 Los Angeles, California                                                                                            
                                                          ----------------                                          -----------
               TOTAL / AVERAGE 1998 ACQUISITIONS                 93.6%                                                    $345      
                                                          ----------------                                          -----------

               TOTAL / AVERAGE AT DECEMBER 31, 1998 (b)          93.4%                                                    $338      
                                                          ----------------                                          -----------
                                                          ----------------                                          -----------

</TABLE>

                                       12

<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES, CONTINUED                               

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              Year of                Year of                                       
    Company's                                                 Original             Most Recent                          Mall and   
    Ownership            Name of Center /                  Construction/           Expansion /         Total         Free-standing 
        %                  Location (1)                     Acquisition            Renovation         GLA (2)             GLA     
- --------------------------------------------------        ---------------        --------------    ---------------   -------------
<S>            <C>                                       <C>                    <C>               <C>               <C>
               1998 ACQUISITION CENTERS (ERE 
               YARMOUTH PORTFOLIO)

           50% Eastland Mall (4)                           1978 / 1998               1995                1,084,907         543,643
                 Evansville, IN                                                                                                   
           50% Empire Mall (4)                             1975 / 1998               1988                1,321,708         631,601
                 Sioux Falls, SD                                                                                                  
           50% Granite Run Mall                            1974 / 1998               1993                1,034,479         533,670
                 Media, PA                                                                                                        
           50% Lake Square Mall                            1980 / 1998               1992                  560,671         264,634
                 Leesburg, FL                                                                                                     
           50% Lindale Mall                                1963 / 1998               1997                  690,417         384,854
                 Cedar Rapids, IA                                                                                                 
           50% Mesa Mall                                   1980 / 1998               1991                  849,958         424,141
                 Grand Junction, CO                                                                                               
           50% NorthPark Mall                              1973 / 1998               1994                1,057,383         405,850
                 Davenport, IA                                                                                                    
           50% Rushmore Mall                               1978 / 1998               1992                  834,385         363,725
                 Rapid City, SD                                                                                                   
           50% Southern Hills Mall                         1980 / 1998               ----                  752,588         439,011
                 Sioux City, IA                                                                                                   
           50% SouthPark Mall                              1974 / 1998               1990                1,034,195         456,139
                 Moline, IL                                                                                                       
           50% SouthRidge Mall (4)                         1975 / 1998               1998                1,008,267         510,461
                 Des Moines, IA                                                                                                   
           50% Valley Mall                                 1978 / 1998               1992                  482,341         196,278
                 Harrisonburg, VA                                                                                               

               1998 ACQUISITION CENTERS (ERE                                                       ---------------   -------------
               YARMOUTH PORTFOLIO)                                                                      10,711,299       5,154,007  
                                                                                                   ---------------   -------------
               GRAND TOTAL / AVERAGE AT DECEMBER 31, 1998 (c)                                           33,774,419      15,004,074  
                                                                                                   ---------------   -------------
                                                                                                   ---------------   -------------

<CAPTION>

                                                            Percentage                                                         
    Company's                                               of Mall and                                             Sales Per  
    Ownership               Name of Center /               Free-standing                                              Square   
        %                     Location (1)                  GLA Leased                     Anchors                   Foot (3)  
- ------------------------------------------------------    ---------------- ---------------------------------------- -----------
<S>            <C>                                         <C>              <C>                                      <C>
               1998 ACQUISITION CENTERS (ERE                                                                                   
               YARMOUTH PORTFOLIO)                                                                                             
                                                         
           50% Eastland Mall (4)                                 93.3%     DeJong, Famous Barr, J.C. Penney,              $299    
                 Evansville, IN                                              Lazarus                                              
           50% Empire Mall (4)                                   92.2%     Daytons, J.C. Penney, Kohl's                    355    
                 Sioux Falls, SD                                             Sears, Target, Younkers (8)                          
           50% Granite Run Mall                                  99.1%     Boscov's, J.C. Penney, Sears                    297    
                 Media, PA                                                                                                        
           50% Lake Square Mall                                  88.6%     Belk, J.C. Penney, Sears, Target                220    
                 Leesburg, FL                                                                                                     
           50% Lindale Mall                                      90.8%     Sears, VonMaur, Younkers                        272    
                 Cedar Rapids, IA                                                                                                 
           50% Mesa Mall                                         94.2%     Herberger's, J.C. Penney, Mervyn's,             248    
                 Grand Junction, CO                                        Sears, Target,                                         
           50% NorthPark Mall                                    87.4%     J.C. Penney, Montgomery Ward (6), Sears,        244    
                 Davenport, IA                                               VonMaur, Younkers                                    
           50% Rushmore Mall                                     93.4%     Herberger's, J.C. Penney, Sears,                256    
                 Rapid City, SD                                             Target (8)                                            
           50% Southern Hills Mall                               91.9%     Sears, Target, Younkers                         337    
                 Sioux City, IA                                                                                                   
           50% SouthPark Mall                                    90.2%     J.C. Penney, Sears, Younkers,                   235    
                 Moline, IL                                                  VonMaur, Montgomery Ward (6)                         
           50% SouthRidge Mall (4)                               92.7%     Sears, Younkers, J.C. Penney,                   235    
                 Des Moines, IA                                              Target, Montgomery Ward (6)                          
           50% Valley Mall                                       98.6%     Belk, J.C. Penney, Wal-Mart,                    279    
                 Harrisonburg, VA                                            Watson's                                             
                                                                                                                    -----------

               1998 ACQUISITION CENTERS (ERE                     ----                                               -----------
               YARMOUTH PORTFOLIO)                               92.7%                                                     280    
                                                                 ----                                               -----------

                                                                                                                    -----------
               Grand Total / Average at December 31, 1998 (c)    93.2%                                                    $319 
                                                                 ----                                               -----------
                                                                 ----                                               -----------

</TABLE>

                                       13

<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES, CONTINUED                               

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              Year of                Year of                                       
    Company's                                                 Original             Most Recent                          Mall and   
    Ownership            Name of Center /                  Construction/           Expansion /         Total         Free-standing 
        %                  Location (1)                     Acquisition            Renovation         GLA (2)             GLA     
- --------------------------------------------------        ---------------        --------------    ---------------   -------------
<S>            <C>                                       <C>                    <C>               <C>               <C>
               MAJOR REDEVELOPMENT PROPERTIES                                                                                   

          100% Crossroads Mall (4)                         1963 / 1979               1998                  808,975         365,538 
                  Boulder, Colorado                                                                                                
          100% Huntington Center (4), (7)                  1965 / 1996               1997                  720,147         323,382 
                 Huntington Beach, California                                                                                      
          100% Pacific View (formerly                                                                                              
                 Buenaventura Mall                         1965 / 1996               1999                  646,851         191,515 
                 Ventura, California                                                                                               
          100% Parklane Mall (4)                           1967 / 1978               1998                  386,911         257,191 
                 Reno, Nevada                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                   ---------------   -------------
               TOTAL MAJOR REDEVELOPMENT CENTERS                                                         2,562,884       1,137,626 
                                                                                                   ---------------   -------------

               TOTAL / AVERAGE (d)                                                                      36,337,303      16,141,700 
                                                                                                   ---------------   -------------
               1999 ACQUISITION CENTERS (e)                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                   
           51% Albany Plaza                                1983 / 1999               ----                 145,462          145,462 
                 Albany, Oregon                                                                                                   
           51% Cascade Mall                                1989 / 1999               1998                 585,259          266,378
                 Burlington, Washington                                                                                            
           51% Eastland Plaza                              1974 / 1999               1993                  65,313           65,313 
                 Columbus, Ohio                                                                                                    
           51% Kitsap Mall                                 1985 / 1999               1997                 850,236          340,253 
                 Silverdale, Washington                                                                                            
           51% Redmond Town Center (4) (f)                 1997 / 1999               ----                 569,289          569,289 
                 Redmond, Washington                                                                                               
           51% Washington Square                           1974 / 1999               1995               1,422,752          454,425 
                 Tigard, Oregon                                                                                                    
                                                                                                   ---------------   -------------
               1999 ACQUISITION CENTERS                                                                 3,638,311        1,841,120 
                                                                                                   ---------------   -------------

               GRAND TOTAL / AVERAGE                                                                   39,975,614       17,982,820
                                                                                                   ---------------   -------------
                                                                                                   ---------------   -------------

<CAPTION>

                                                            Percentage                                                         
    Company's                                               of Mall and                                             Sales Per  
    Ownership               Name of Center /               Free-standing                                              Square   
        %                     Location (1)                  GLA Leased                     Anchors                   Foot (3)  
- ------------------------------------------------------    ---------------- ---------------------------------------- -----------
<S>            <C>                                       <C>               <C>                                     <C>
               Major Redevelopment Properties                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                
          100% Crossroads Mall (4)                                  (9)    Foley's, J.C. Penney, Sears (8)                  (9)    
                  Boulder, Colorado                                                                                                
          100% Huntington Center (4), (7)                           (9)    Mervyn's, Burlington Coat Factory,               (9)    
                 Huntington Beach, California                              Montgomery Ward (6)                                     
          100% Pacific View (formerly                               (9)    J.C. Penney, Macy's, Montgomery Ward (6)         (9)    
                 Buenaventura Mall)
                 Ventura, California                                (9)    Gottschalks                                      (9)    
          100% Parklane Mall (4)                                                                                                  
                 Reno, Nevada                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                   
               TOTAL MAJOR REDEVELOPMENT CENTERS                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                   
               TOTAL / AVERAGE (d)                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                   
               1999 ACQUISITION CENTERS (e)                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                   
           51% Albany Plaza                                      73.2%                      -----                          (10)    
                 Albany, Oregon                                                                                                    
           51% Cascade Mall                                      87.8%     The Bon Marche, Emporium,                       (10)    
                 Burlington, Washington                                      J.C. Penney, Sears                                    
           51% Eastland Plaza                                    74.7%                      -----                          (10)    
                 Columbus, Ohio                                                                                                    
           51% Kitsap Mall                                       97.3%     The Bon Marche, J.C. Penney, Lamonts,           (10)    
                 Silverdale, Washington                                      Mervyn's, Sears                                       
           51% Redmond Town Center (4) (f)                       91.3%                      -----                          (10)    
                 Redmond, Washington                                                                                               
           51% Washington Square                                 98.2%     J.C. Penney, Meier & Frank, Mervyn's,           (10)    
                 Tigard, Oregon                                              Nordstrom, Sears                                      
                                                                                                                               
                                                         ------------
               1999 ACQUISITION CENTERS                          91.6%                                                         
                                                          ------------                                                        
                                                                                                                               
               GRAND TOTAL / AVERAGE                             93.0%                                                         
                                                          ------------                                                        
                                                          ------------                                                        

</TABLE>

A) EXCLUDING 1998 ACQUISITIONS, REDEVELOPMENT PROPERTIES AND 1999 ACQUISITIONS 
B) EXCLUDING REDEVELOPMENT PROPERTIES, ERE YARMOUTH PORTFOLIO AND 
   1999 ACQUISITIONS 
C) EXCLUDING REDEVELOPMENT PROPERTIES AND 1999 ACQUISITIONS 
D) EXCLUDING 1999 ACQUISITIONS 
E) INCLUDES FIVE CONTIGUOUS FREESTANDING PROPERTIES 
F) EXCLUDES THE OFFICE COMPONENT OF THIS MIXED-USE DEVELOPMENT WHICH IS 
   EXPECTED TO BE ACQUIRED IN MAY 1999.

                                      14

<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES, CONTINUED

(1)  The land underlying thirty-nine of the Centers is owned in fee entirely
     by the Company or, in the case of jointly-owned Centers, by the joint
     venture property partnership or limited liability company. All or part of
     the land underlying the remaining Centers is owned by third parties and
     leased to the Company or property partnership pursuant to long-term ground
     leases. Under the terms of a typical ground lease, the Company or property
     partnership pays rent for the use of the land and is generally responsible
     for all costs and expenses associated with the building and improvements.
     In some cases, the Company or property partnership has an option or right
     of first refusal to purchase the land. The termination dates of the ground
     leases range from 2000 to 2070.

(2)  Includes GLA attributable to Anchors (whether owned or non-owned) and Mall
     and Freestanding Stores as of December 31, 1998.

(3)  Sales are based on reports by retailers leasing Mall and Freestanding
     Stores for the year ending December 31, 1998 for tenants which have
     occupied such stores for a minimum of twelve months. Consistent with
     industry practices, sales per square foot are based on gross leased and
     occupied area, excluding theaters, and are not based on GLA. 

(4)  Portions of the land on which the Center is situated are subject to one
     or more ground leases. 

(5)  Wal-Mart opened in May 1998.

(6)  During 1997, Montgomery Ward filed for bankruptcy. Montgomery Ward
     announced that it will close its stores at Holiday Village Mall, Rimrock
     Mall and Southridge Mall in 1999. Montgomery Ward has not yet disclosed
     whether it will cease to operate any of its eight remaining stores at the
     Centers.

(7)  Edwards Cinema signed a lease in January 1997 to open a 16 screen
     theater in the former Broadway location.

(8)  These properties have a vacant Anchor location. The Company is
     contemplating various replacement tenant/redevelopment opportunities for
     these vacant sites.

(9)  Certain spaces have been intentionally held off the market and remain
     vacant because of major redevelopment plans. As a result, the Company
     believes the percentage of Mall and Free-standing GLA leased and the sales
     per square foot at these major redevelopment properties is not meaningful
     data.

(10) Final 1998 sales per square foot information is not currently
     available.


                                  15

<PAGE>

MORTGAGE DEBT

         The following table sets forth certain information regarding the
mortgages encumbering the Centers, including those Centers in which the Company
has less than a 100% interest. All mortgage debt is nonrecourse to the Company.
The information set forth below is as of December 31, 1998.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                                  Earliest Date
                                                                                Annual                Balance     on which all
                                                      Annual     Principal       Debt                  Due on       Notes Can
Property Pledged                          Fixed or   Interest     Balance      Service    Maturity    Maturity     Be Defeased
   As Collateral                          Floating     Rate       (000's)      (000's)       Date     (000's)     or Be Prepaid
- -------------------                       --------     ----       -------      -------    --------    -------     -------------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>
Capitola Mall                              Fixed         9.25%       $37,345      $3,801   12/15/01     $36,193      1/15/96
Carmel Plaza (3)                          Floating       7.54%        25,000       1,911     7/1/99      25,000     Any Time
Chesterfield Towne Center (1)              Fixed         9.07%        65,064       6,580     1/1/24       1,087      1/1/06
Chesterfield Towne Center                  Fixed         8.54%         3,266         376    11/1/99       3,183     Any Time
Citadel                                    Fixed         7.20%        74,575       6,648     1/1/08      59,962      1/1/03
Corte Madera, Village at (3)              Floating       7.28%        60,000       4,332    11/5/99      60,000     Any Time
Crossroads Mall - Boulder                  Fixed         7.08%        35,280       3,948   12/15/10      28,107      1/15/00
Fresno Fashion Fair                        Fixed         6.52%        69,000       4,561    8/10/08      62,890      8/7/01
Greeley Mall                               Fixed         8.50%        17,055       2,245    9/15/03      12,519     Any Time
Green Tree Mall/Crossroads - OK/
     Salisbury                             Fixed         7.23%       117,714       8,499     3/5/04     117,714     Any Time
Holiday Village                            Fixed         6.75%        17,000       1,147     4/1/01      17,000      1/10/99
Lakewood Mall                              Fixed         7.20%       127,000       9,140    8/10/05     127,000     Any Time
Northgate Mall                             Fixed         6.75%        25,000       1,688     4/1/01      25,000      1/10/99
Northwest Arkansas Mall                    Fixed         7.33%        63,000       5,209    1/10/09      49,304      1/1/04
Parklane Mall                              Fixed         6.75%        20,000       1,350     4/1/01      20,000      1/10/99
Queens Center                             Floating          (2)       65,100          (2)   3/31/99      51,000     Any Time
Rimrock Mall                               Fixed         7.70%        31,002       2,924     1/1/03      28,496      1/1/00
South Plains Mall                          Fixed         6.30%        28,795   4,180 (4)     1/1/08         336     Any Time
South Towne Center                         Fixed         6.61%        64,000       4,289   10/10/08      64,000      7/24/01
Valley View Mall                           Fixed         7.89%        51,000       4,080   10/10/06      51,000      4/16/00
Villa Marina Marketplace                   Fixed         7.23%        58,000       4,249   10/10/06      58,000      8/29/00
Vintage Faire Mall                         Fixed         7.65%        54,522       5,122     1/1/03      50,089      1/1/00
Westside Pavilion                          Fixed         6.67%       100,000       6,529     7/1/08      91,133      7/1/01
                                                               --------------
         Total - Wholly Owned Centers                             $1,208,718
                                                               --------------
                                                               --------------

Joint Venture Centers:
Broadway Plaza (50%) (5)                   Fixed         6.68%        37,306       3,089     8/1/08      29,315     Any Time
SDG Macerich Properties L.P. (50%) (5)     Fixed      6.23%(6)       160,434      11,114    5/15/06     150,000     Any Time
SDG Macerich Properties L.P. (50%) (5)    Floating    6.15%(6)        92,500       5,689    5/15/03      92,500     Any Time
West Acres Center (19%) (5)                Fixed         8.89%         7,202         672    7/15/99       6,613
                                                               --------------

       Total - All Centers                                        $1,506,160
                                                               --------------
                                                               --------------
</TABLE>
- -----------------------------

     Notes:

     (1)     The annual debt service payment represents the payment of principal
             and interest. In addition, contingent interest, as defined in the
             loan agreement, may be due to the extent that 35% of the gross
             receipts (as defined in the loan agreement) exceeds a base amount
             specified therein. Contingent interest recognized was $387,101 for
             the year ended December 31, 1998 and $98,528 for the year ended
             December 31, 1997.
     (2)     This loan bore interest at LIBOR plus 0.45%. There was an interest
             rate protection agreement in place on the first $10.2 million of
             this debt with a LIBOR ceiling of 5.88% through maturity with the
             remaining principal having an interest rate cap with a LIBOR
             ceiling of 7.07% through 1997 and 7.7% thereafter. This loan was
             paid in full on February 4, 1999 and refinanced with a new loan of
             $100 million, with interest at 6.74%, maturing in 2009.
     (3)     These loans bear interest at LIBOR plus 2.0%.


                                  16
<PAGE>

MORTGAGE DEBT, CONTINUED:


     (4)       This note was assumed at acquisition. At the time of
               acquisition in June 1998, this debt was recorded at fair market
               value and the premium was amortized as interest expense over the
               life of the loan using the effective interest method. The monthly
               debt service payment was $348,000 per month and was calculated
               based on a 12.5% interest rate. At December 31, 1998, the
               unamortized premium was $6,165,000. On February 17, 1999, the
               loan was paid in full and was refinanced with a new loan of $65
               million, with interest at 7.49%, maturing in 2009.

     (5)       Reflects the Company's pro rata share of debt.

     (6)       In connection with the acquisition of these Centers, the
               joint venture assumed $485 million of mortgage notes payable
               which are secured by the properties. At acquisition, this debt
               reflected a fair market value of $322.7 million, which included
               an unamortized premium of $22.7 million. This premium is being
               amortized as interest expense over the life of the loan using the
               effective interest method. At December 31, 1998, the unamortized 
               balance of the debt premium was $20.9 million. This debt is due 
               in May 2006 and requires a monthly payment of $926,000. $185 
               million of this debt is due in May 2003 and requires monthly 
               interest payments at a variable weighted average rate (based on 
               LIBOR) of 6.15% at December 31, 1998. This variable rate debt 
               is covered by an interest rate cap agreement which effectively 
               prevents the interest rate from exceeding 11.53%. 

         At December 31,1997, the Company had $55.0 million of borrowings
outstanding under its $60.0 million unsecured credit facility, which bore
interest at LIBOR plus 1.325%. On February 26, 1998, the Company increased this
credit facility to $150 million with a maturity of February 2000, currently
bearing interest at LIBOR plus 1.15%. The interest rate on such credit facility
fluctuates between 0.95% and 1.15% over LIBOR. As of December 31, 1998, $137
million of borrowings was outstanding under this line of credit at an interest
rate of 6.79%.

         Additionally, the Company had issued $776,000 in letters of credit
guaranteeing performance by the Company of certain events. The Company does not
believe that these letters of credit will result in a liability to the Company.

         During January 1999, the Company entered into a bank construction loan
agreement to fund $89.2 million of costs related to the redevelopment of Pacific
View. See "Item 2. Properties." The loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 2.25% and
matures in February 2001. Principal is drawn as construction costs are incurred.

         During 1997, the Company issued and sold $161.4 million of convertible
subordinated debentures (the"Debentures") due 2002. The Debentures, which were
sold at par, bear interest at 7.25% annually (payable semi-annually) and are
convertible at any time, on or after 60 days, from the date of issue at a
conversion price of $31.125 per share. The Debentures mature on December 15,
2002 and are callable by the Company after June 15, 2002 at par plus accrued
interest.


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

         The Company, the Operating Partnership, the Management Companies and
the affiliated partnerships are not currently involved in any material
litigation nor, to the Company's knowledge, is any material litigation currently
threatened against such entities or the Centers, other than routine litigation
arising in the ordinary course of business, most of which is expected to be
covered by liability insurance. For information about certain environmental
matters, see "Business of the Company - Environmental Matters."

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTER TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

         None.


                                  17

<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

         The common stock of the Company is listed and traded on the New York
Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "MAC". The common stock began trading
on March 10, 1994 at a price of $19 per share. In 1998, the Company's shares
traded at a high of $30.375 and a low of $22.25.

         As of February 18, 1999 there were approximately 300 shareholders of
record. The following table shows high and low closing prices per share of
common stock during each quarter in 1997 and 1998 and dividends/distributions
per share of common stock declared and paid by quarter.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                         Market Quotation Per Share
                                         --------------------------           Dividends/Distributions
Quarters Ended                           High              Low                Declared and Paid
- --------------                           ----              ---                -----------------
<S>                                    <C>               <C>              <C>
 March 31, 1997                        $ 29 5/8          $ 25 3/8         $   0.44
 June 30, 1997                           28 7/8            24 7/8             0.44
 September 30, 1997                      29 11/16          27 1/8             0.44
 December 31, 1997                       29  9/16          24 3/4             0.46

 March 31, 1998                          30 3/8            27                 0.46
 June 30, 1998                           29 3/4            26  1/16           0.46
 September 30, 1998                      29 3/8            22 1/4             0.46
 December 31, 1998                       28  7/16          24                 0.485
</TABLE>



        The Company has issued 3,627,131 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock,
and 5,487,471 shares of its Series B Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock can be converted into shares of common stock
on a one-to-one basis. There is no established public trading market for either
the Series A Preferred Stock or the Series B Preferred Stock. All of the
outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are held by Security Capital
Preferred Growth Incorporated. All of the outstanding shares of the Series B
Preferred Stock are held by Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board. The Series A
Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock were issued on February 25, 1998
and June 16, 1998, respectively. The following table shows the dividends per
share of preferred stock declared and paid by quarter. No dividends will be
declared or paid on any class of common or other junior stock to the extent that
dividends on Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock have not been
declared and/or paid.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                       Series A                     Series B
                                                                   Preferred Stock               Preferred Stock
                                                                      Dividends                     Dividends
                                                                  Declared and Paid             Declared and Paid
                                                                  -----------------             -----------------
              Quarters Ended
              --------------
              <S>                                                 <C>                            <C>
              March 31, 1998 ..............................                     N/A                       N/A
              June 30, 1998 ................................                 $0.179                       N/A
              September 30, 1998 ......................                       0.460                    $0.071
              December 31, 1998........................                       0.485                     0.485
</TABLE>



         On October 1, 1998, the Company issued 30,000 shares of common stock
upon the redemption of 30,000 OP Units in a private placement to a limited
partner of the Operating Partnership, an accredited investor, pursuant to
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


                                  18
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

         The following sets forth selected financial data for the Company on a
historical and pro forma consolidated basis, and for the Centers and the
Management Companies (collectively, the "Predecessor") on a historical combined
basis. The following data should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements (and the notes thereto) of the Company and "Management's Discussion
And Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" each included
elsewhere in this Form 10-K.

         The pro forma data for the Company for the year ended December 31, 1994
has been prepared as if the IPO, and the transactions related to the
reorganization of the Operating Partnership and formation of the Company (the
"Formation") and the application of the net proceeds of the IPO had occurred as
of January 1, 1994. The pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of
what the Company's financial position or results of operations would have been
assuming the completion of the Formation and IPO at the beginning of the period
indicated, nor does it purport to project the Company's financial position or
results of operations at any future date or for any future period.

         The Selected Financial Data is presented on a combined basis. The
limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership (not owned by the
REIT) are reflected in the pro forma data as minority interest. Centers in which
the Company does not have a controlling ownership interest (Panorama Mall, North
Valley Plaza, Broadway Plaza, Manhattan Village, SDG Macerich Properties, L.P.
and West Acres Shopping Center) are referred to as the "Joint Venture Centers",
and along with the Management Companies, are reflected in the selected financial
data under the equity method of accounting. Accordingly, the net income from the
Joint Venture Centers and the Management Companies that is allocable to the
Company is included in the statement of operations as "Equity in income (loss)
of unconsolidated joint ventures and Management Companies."


                                  19
<PAGE>

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                     The Company                                    Predecessor
                                      ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------
                                                                                        Pro Forma
                                                                                       as Reported    March 16 to     January 1
                                                                                                                             to
                                       1998         1997         1996        1995       for 1994      Dec 31,1994   Mar 15,1994
                                       ----         ----         ----        ----       --------      -----------   -----------
                                                             (All amounts in thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                   <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>        <C>           <C>           <C>
OPERATING DATA:
Revenues:
     Minimum rents                    $179,710     $142,251      $99,061     $69,253       $59,640        $48,663        $9,993
     Percentage rents                   12,856        9,259        6,142       4,814         4,906          3,681           851
     Tenant recoveries                  86,740       66,499       47,648      26,961        22,690         18,515         3,108
     Management fee income (2)               -            -            -           -             -              -           528
     Other                               4,555        3,205        2,208       1,441           921            582           100
                                      ----------    --------    ----------   --------      --------      ---------      ---------
        Total revenues                 283,861      221,214      155,059     102,469        88,157         71,441        14,580

Shopping center expenses                89,991       70,901       50,792      31,580        28,373         22,576         4,891
Management, leasing and
   development services (2)                  -            -            -           -             -              -           557
REIT general and
   administrative expenses               4,373        2,759        2,378       2,011         1,954          1,545             -
Depreciation and amortization           53,141       41,535       32,591      25,749        23,195         18,827         3,642
Interest expense                        91,433       66,407       42,353      25,531        19,231         16,091         6,146
                                      ----------    --------    ----------   --------      --------      ---------      ---------
Income (loss) before
   minority interest,
   unconsolidated entities
   and extraordinary item               44,923       39,612       26,945      17,598        15,404         12,402         (656)
Minority interest (1)                  (12,902)     (10,567)     (10,975)     (8,246)       (8,008)        (6,792)             -
Equity in income (loss) of
   unconsolidated joint ventures
   and management companies (2)         14,480       (8,063)       3,256       3,250         3,054          3,016         (232)
Gain on sale of assets                       9        1,619            -           -             -              -             -
Extraordinary loss on early
   extinguishment of debt               (2,435)        (555)        (315)     (1,299)            -              -             -
                                      ----------    --------    ----------   --------      --------      ---------      ---------
Net income (loss)                       44,075       22,046       18,911      11,303        10,450          8,626         (888)


Less preferred dividends                11,547            -            -           -             -              -          N/A
                                      ----------    --------    ----------   --------      --------      ---------      ---------
Net income (loss) available to
    common stockholders                $32,528      $22,046      $18,911     $11,303       $10,450         $8,626        ($888)
                                      ----------    --------    ----------   --------      --------      ---------      ---------
                                      ----------    --------    ----------   --------      --------      ---------      ---------
Earnings per share - basic: (3)
   Income before extraordinary item      $1.14        $0.86        $0.92       $0.78         $0.72          $0.60           N/A
   Extraordinary item                    (0.08)       (0.01)       (0.01)      (0.05)            -              -           N/A
                                      ----------    --------    ----------   --------      --------      ---------      
       Net income per share - basic      $1.06        $0.85        $0.91       $0.73         $0.72          $0.60           N/A
                                      ----------    --------    ----------   --------      --------      ---------      
                                      ----------    --------    ----------   --------      --------      ---------      
Earnings per share - diluted: (3)(7)
   Income before extraordinary item      $1.11        $0.86        $0.90       $0.78         $0.72          $0.60           N/A
   Extraordinary item                    (0.05)       (0.01)       (0.01)      (0.05)             -              -          N/A
                                      ----------    --------    ----------   --------      --------      ---------      
Net income per share - diluted           $1.06        $0.85        $0.89       $0.73         $0.72          $0.60           N/A
                                      ----------    --------    ----------   --------      --------      ---------      
                                      ----------    --------    ----------   --------      --------      ---------      

</TABLE>


                                  20
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA, CONTINUED

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      The Company                                   Predecessor
                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------  --------------
                                                                                        Pro Forma
                                                                                       as Reported    March 16 to     January 1
                                                                                                                             to
                                       1998         1997         1996        1995       for 1994      Dec 31,1994   Mar 15,1994
                                       ----         ----         ----        ----       --------      -----------   -----------
                                                 (All amounts in thousands except per share data and number of Centers)
<S>                                 <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>
OTHER DATA:
Funds from operations-diluted (4)     $120,518      $83,427      $62,428     $44,938       $39,343        $32,710           N/A
EBITDA (5)                            $189,497     $147,554     $101,889     $68,878       $57,592        $47,320           N/A
Cash flows from (used in):
   Operating activities                $85,176      $78,476      $80,431     $48,186           N/A        $30,011           N/A
   Investing activities              ($761,147)   ($215,006)   ($296,675)   ($88,413)          N/A      ($137,637)          N/A
   Financing activities               $675,960     $146,041     $216,317     $51,973           N/A        $99,584           N/A
Number of centers at year end               47           30           26          19            16             16            14
Weighted average number of
   shares outstanding - basic (6)       43,016       37,982       32,934      26,930        25,645         25,714           N/A
Weighted average number of
   shares outstanding - diluted                                                                                             N/A
   (6)(7)                                43,628       38,403       33,320      26,984        25,771         25,840
Cash distributions
   declared per common share            $1.865        $1.78        $1.70       $1.66           N/A          $0.87           N/A
FFO per share - diluted (4)             $2.426       $2.172       $1.874      $1.669        $1.534            N/A           N/A

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                   The Company
                                      ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  December 31,
                                      ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          1998           1997           1996          1995         1994
                                          ----           ----           ----          ----         ----
                                                           ( All amounts in thousands)
<S>                                    <C>             <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Investment in real estate
   (before accumulated depreciation)    $2,213,125     $1,607,429     $1,273,085     $ 833,998     $ 554,788
Total assets                            $2,322,056     $1,505,002     $1,187,753     $ 763,398     $ 485,903
Total mortgage, notes and debentures
  payable                               $1,507,118     $1,122,959      $ 789,239     $ 485,193     $ 313,632
Minority interest (1)                    $ 165,524      $ 100,463      $ 112,242     $  95,740     $  72,376
Stockholders' equity                     $ 577,413      $ 216,295      $ 237,749     $ 158,345     $  86,939

</TABLE>


(1)  "Minority Interest" reflects the ownership interest in the Operating
     Partnership not owned by the REIT. 

(2)  Unconsolidated joint ventures include all Centers in which the Company does
     not have a controlling ownership interest and the Management Companies. 
     The Management Companies on a pro forma basis and after March 15, 1994 
     have been reflected using the equity method.

(3)  Earnings per share is based on SFAS No. 128 for all years presented.

(4)  Funds from Operations ("FFO") represents net income (loss) (computed in
     accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP")),
     excluding gains (or losses) from debt restructuring and sales or write-down
     of assets, plus depreciation and amortization (excluding depreciation on
     personal property and amortization of loan and financial instrument costs),
     and after adjustments for unconsolidated entities. Adjustments for
     unconsolidated entities are calculated on the same basis. FFO does not
     represent cash flow from operations as defined by GAAP and is not
     necessarily indicative of cash available to fund all cash flow needs. The
     computation of FFO - diluted and diluted average number of shares
     outstanding includes the effect of outstanding common stock options and
     restricted stock using the treasury method. Convertible debentures for the
     twelve month period ending December 31, 1998 are anti-dilutive and are not
     included. On February 25, 1998, the Company sold $100 million of its Series
     A Preferred Stock. On June 17, 1998, the Company sold $150 million of its
     Series B Preferred Stock. The preferred stock can be converted on a
     one-for-one basis for common stock. The preferred shares are not assumed
     converted for purposes of net income per share as they would be
     anti-dilutive to that calculation. The preferred shares are assumed
     converted for purposes of FFO-diluted per share as they are dilutive to
     that calculation.


                                  21

<PAGE>
ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA, CONTINUED

(5)  EBITDA represents earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation,
     amortization, minority interest, equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated
     entities, extraordinary items, gain (loss) on sale of assets and preferred
     dividends. This data is relevant to an understanding of the economics of
     the shopping center business as it indicates cash flow available from
     operations to service debt and satisfy certain fixed obligations. EBITDA
     should not be construed by the reader as an alternative to operating income
     as an indicator of the Company's operating performance, or to cash flows
     from operating activities (as determined in accordance with GAAP) or as a
     measure of liquidity.
(6)  Assumes that all OP Units are converted to common stock.
(7)  Assumes issuance of common stock for in-the-money options and restricted
     stock calculated using the Treasury method in accordance with SFAS No. 128
     for all years presented.


                                  22
<PAGE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

GENERAL BACKGROUND AND PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT

         The Company believes that the most significant measures of its
operating performance are Funds from Operations and EBITDA. Funds from
Operations is defined as net income (loss) (computed in accordance with GAAP),
excluding gains (or losses) from debt restructuring and sales or write-down of
assets, plus depreciation and amortization (excluding depreciation on personal
property and amortization of loan and financial instrument costs), and after
adjustments for unconsolidated entities. Adjustments for unconsolidated entities
are calculated on the same basis. Funds from Operations does not represent cash
flow from operations as defined by GAAP and is not necessarily indicative of
cash available to fund all cash flow needs.

         EBITDA represents earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation,
amortization, minority interest, equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated
entities, extraordinary items, gain (loss) on sale of assets and preferred
dividends. This data is relevant to an understanding of the economics of the
shopping center business as it indicates cash flow available from operations to
service debt and satisfy certain fixed obligations. EBITDA should not be
construed as an alternative to operating income as an indicator of the Company's
operating performance, or to cash flows from operating activities (as determined
in accordance with GAAP) or as a measure of liquidity. While the performance of
individual Centers and the Management Companies determines EBITDA, the Company's
capital structure also influences Funds from Operations. The most important
component in determining EBITDA and Funds from Operations is Center revenues.
Center revenues consist primarily of minimum rents, percentage rents and tenant
expense recoveries. Minimum rents will increase to the extent that new leases
are signed at market rents that are higher than prior rents. Minimum rent will
also fluctuate up or down with changes in the occupancy level. Additionally, to
the extent that new leases are signed with more favorable expense recovery
terms, expense recoveries will increase.

         Percentage rents generally increase or decrease with changes in tenant
sales. As leases roll over, however, a portion of historical percentage rent is
often converted to minimum rent. It is therefore common for percentage rents to
decrease as minimum rents increase. Accordingly, in discussing financial
performance, the Company combines minimum and percentage rents in order to
better measure revenue growth.

         The following discussion is based primarily on the consolidated
financial statements of the Company for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1997
and 1996. The following discussion compares the activity for the year ended
December 31, 1998 to results of operations for 1997. Also included is a
comparison of the activities for the year ended December 31, 1997 to the results
for the year ended December 31, 1996. This information should be read in
conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         This annual report on Form 10-K contains or incorporates statements
that constitute forward-looking statements. Those statements appear in a number
of places in this Form 10-K and include statements regarding, among other
matters, the Company's growth and acquisition opportunities, the Company's
acquisition strategy, regulatory matters pertaining to compliance with
governmental regulations and other factors affecting the Company's financial
condition or results of operations. Words such as "expects," "anticipates,"
"intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," and "should" and
variations of these words and similar expressions, are used in many cases to
identify these forward-looking statements. Stockholders are cautioned that any
such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and
involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results,
performance or achievements of the Company or industry results to vary
materially from the Company's future results, performance or achievements, or
those of the industry, expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements.
Such factors include, among others, general industry economic and business
conditions, which will, among other things, affect demand for retail space or
retail goods, availability and creditworthiness of current and prospective
tenants, lease rents, availability and cost of financing and operating expenses;
adverse changes in the real estate markets including, among other things,
competition with other companies, retail formats and technology, risks of real
estate development and acquisition; governmental actions and initiatives;
environmental and safety requirements; and Year 2000 compliance issues of the
Company and third parties and related service interruptions or payment delays.
The Company will not update any forward-looking information to reflect actual
results or changes in the factors affecting the forward-looking information.


                                  23
<PAGE>

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS


 The following table reflects the Company's acquisitions in 1996, 1997 and 1998:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                   Date
                                                  Acquired                              Location
                                               --------------                       ----------------
<S>                                     <C>                                   <C>
"1996 Acquisition Centers":
- ---------------------------
Villa Marina Marketplace                January 25, 1996                      Marina Del Rey, California
Valley View Center                      October 21, 1996                      Dallas, Texas
Rimrock Mall                            November 27, 1996                     Billings, Montana
Vintage Faire Mall                      November 27, 1996                     Modesto, California
Pacific View (formerly 
 known as Buenaventura Mall)            December 18, 1996                     Ventura, California
Fresno Fashion Fair                     December 18, 1996                     Fresno, California
Huntington Center                       December 18, 1996                     Huntington Beach, California

"1997 Acquisition Centers":
- ---------------------------
South Towne Center                      March 27, 1997                        Sandy, Utah
Stonewood Mall                          August 6, 1997                        Downey, California
Manhattan Village (*)                   August 19, 1997                       Manhattan Beach, California
The Citadel Mall                        December 19, 1997                     Colorado Springs, Colorado
Great Falls Marketplace                 December 31, 1997                     Great Falls, Montana

"1998 Acquisition Centers":
- ----------------------------
ERE/Yarmouth Portfolio (*)              February 27, 1998                     Twelve properties in eight states
South Plains Mall                       June 19, 1998                         Lubbock, Texas
Westside Pavilion                       July 1, 1998                          Los Angeles, California
Village at Corte Madera                 June-July 1998                        Corte Madera, California
Carmel Plaza                            August 10, 1998                       Carmel, California
Northwest Arkansas Mall                 December 15, 1998                     Fayetteville, Arkansas

</TABLE>

(*) denotes the Company owns these Centers through a joint venture partnership.

The financial statements include the results of these Centers for periods
subsequent to their acquisition.

         Many of the variations in the results of operations, discussed 
below, occurred due to the addition of these properties to the portfolio 
during 1998, 1997 and 1996. Many factors impact the Company's ability to 
acquire additional properties including the availability and cost of capital, 
overall debt to market capitalization level, interest rates and availability 
of potential acquisition targets that meet the Company's criteria. 
Accordingly, management is uncertain whether during the balance of 1999, and 
in future years, there will be similar acquisitions and corresponding 
increases in revenues, net income and Funds from Operations that occurred as 
a result of the 1998, 1997 and 1996 Acquisition Centers. Pacific View 
(formerly known as Buenaventura Mall), Crossroads Mall-Boulder, Huntington 
Center and Parklane Mall are currently under redevelopment and are referred 
to herein as the "Redevelopment Centers." All other centers are referred to 
herein as the "Same Centers".

         The bankruptcy and/or closure of an Anchor, or its sale to a less
desirable retailer, could adversely affect customer traffic in a Center and
thereby reduce the income generated by that Center. Furthermore, the closing of
an Anchor could, under certain circumstances, allow certain other Anchors or
other tenants to terminate their leases or cease operating their stores at the
Center or otherwise adversely affect occupancy at the Center. During 1997,
Montgomery Ward filed for bankruptcy. The Company has Montgomery Ward as an
Anchor in 11 of its Centers. Montgomery Ward has indicated that it plans to
cease operating at three of these locations. The Company is negotiating to
recapture these locations and replace Montgomery Ward with another department
store. Montgomery Ward has not yet disclosed whether they will cease to operate
any of its eight remaining stores at the Centers. If Montgomery Ward ceases to
operate any of its stores and the Company is unable to replace them with other
tenants, it could have an adverse effect on a Center.

         In addition, the Company's success in the highly competitive real
estate shopping center business depends upon many other factors, including
general economic conditions, the ability of tenants to make rent payments,
increases or decreases in operating expenses, occupancy levels, changes in
demographics, competition from other centers and forms of retailing and the
ability to renew leases or relet space upon the expiration or termination of
leases.


                                  24
<PAGE>

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

         Total assets increased to $2,322 million at December 31, 1998 compared
to $1,505 million at December 31, 1997 and $1,188 million at December 31, 1996.
During that same period, total liabilities increased from $838 million in 1996
to $1,188 million in 1997 and $1,579 million in 1998. These changes were
primarily as a result of the 1996 and 1998 common stock offerings, the 1997
convertible debenture offering, the purchase of the 1998, 1997 and 1996
Acquisition Centers and related debt transactions.

A.       EQUITY OFFERINGS

         The Company sold 7,920,181 shares of its common stock in six offerings
during 1998, raising $203.8 million of net proceeds.

         On February 25, 1998, the Company issued 3,627,131 shares of its Series
A Preferred Stock for net proceeds totaling $99.0 million.

         On June 17, 1998, the Company issued 5,487,471 shares of its Series B
Preferred Stock for net proceeds totaling $148.5 million.

         The total net proceeds from the 1998 common and preferred stock
offerings totaled $451.3 million. These proceeds were used for the 1998
acquisitions, reducing borrowings under the Company's line of credit and general
corporate purposes.

B.       ACQUISITIONS

         On February 27, 1998, the Company, through a 50/50 joint venture with
an affiliate of Simon Property Group, Inc., acquired the ERE Yarmouth portfolio
of twelve regional malls. The properties in the portfolio comprise 10.7 million
square feet and are located in eight states. The total purchase price was $974.5
million, which included $485.0 million of assumed debt, at market value. The
Company's share of the cash component of the purchase price was funded by
issuing $100.0 million of Series A Preferred Stock, $80.0 million of common
stock and borrowing the balance from the Company's line of credit.

         South Plains Mall was acquired on June 19, 1998. South Plains Mall is a
1,140,574 square foot super regional mall located in Lubbock, Texas. The
purchase price was $115.5 million, consisting of $29.3 million of assumed debt,
at fair market value, and $86.2 million of cash. The cash portion was funded
with a portion of the proceeds from the Company's Series B Preferred Stock
offering.

         Westside Pavilion was acquired on July 1, 1998 for $170.5 million.
Westside Pavilion is a 755,759 square foot regional mall located in Los Angeles,
California. The purchase price was funded with a portion of the proceeds from
the Company's Series B Preferred Stock offering, borrowings under the Company's
line of credit and the placement of a ten year $100.0 million mortgage secured
by the property.

         The Village at Corte Madera is a 428,398 square foot regional mall in
Corte Madera, California, which the Company acquired in two phases: (i) 40% on
June 16, 1998 and (ii) the remaining 60% on July 24, 1998. In addition, Carmel
Plaza, a 115,215 square foot community shopping center in Carmel, California was
acquired on August 10, 1998. The combined purchase price was $165.5 million,
consisting of $40.0 million of assumed debt, the issuance of $7.9 million of OP
Units and $117.6 million in cash. The cash component was funded by borrowings
under the Company's line of credit.

         Northwest Arkansas Mall was acquired on December 15, 1998. Northwest
Arkansas Mall is a 780,237 square foot regional mall located in Fayetteville,
Arkansas. The purchase price of $94.0 million was funded by a concurrently
placed loan of $63.0 million and borrowings of $31.0 million under the Company's
line of credit.

         On February 18, 1999, through a 51/49 joint venture with Ontario
Teachers' Pension Plan Board, the Company closed on the first phase of a two
phase acquisition of a portfolio of properties. The phase one closing included
the acquisition of three regional malls, the retail component of a mixed-use
development, five contiguous properties and two non-contiguous community
shopping centers comprising approximately 3.6 million square feet for a total
purchase price of approximately $427.0 million. The purchase price was funded
with a $120.0 million loan placed concurrently with the closing, $140.4 million
of debt from an affiliate of the seller, and $39.4 million of assumed debt. The
balance of the purchase price was paid in cash. The Company's share of the cash
component was funded with the proceeds from two refinancings of centers and
borrowings under the Company's line of credit.


                                  25
<PAGE>

B.        ACQUISITIONS, CONTINUED:

The second phase consists of the acquisition of the office component of the
mixed-use development for a purchase price of approximately $115 million. The
closing of the second phase is expected to occur in May 1999.

C.       REFINANCINGS

         On August 3, 1998, the Company, along with the joint venture partner,
refinanced the debt secured by Broadway Plaza. The loan of $43.5 million was
paid in full and a new note was issued for $75.0 million bearing interest at a
fixed rate of 6.68% and maturing August 1, 2008.

         On August 7, 1998, the Company refinanced the debt on Fresno Fashion
Fair. A $38.0 million loan was paid in full and a new secured note was issued
for $69.0 million bearing interest at a fixed rate of 6.52% and maturing August
10, 2008.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

   COMPARISON OF YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998 AND 1997

         REVENUES

                    Minimum and percentage rents increased by 27% to $192.6
         million in 1998 from $151.5 million in 1997. Approximately $18.9
         million of the increase resulted from the 1997 Acquisition Centers,
         $18.8 million resulted from the 1998 Acquisition Centers and $5.0
         million of the increase was attributable to the Same Centers. These
         increases were partially offset by revenue decreases at the
         Redevelopment Centers of $1.6 million in 1998.

                    Tenant recoveries increased to $86.7 million in 1998 from
         $66.5 million in 1997. The 1998 and 1997 Acquisition Centers generated
         $17.7 million of this increase and $2.2 million of the increase was
         from the Same Centers.

                    Other income increased to $4.5 million in 1998 from $3.2
         million in 1997. Approximately $0.6 million of the increase related to
         the 1998 and 1997 Acquisition Centers, $0.7 million of the increase was
         attributable to the Same Centers and the Redevelopment Centers.

         EXPENSES

                    Shopping center expenses increased to $90.0 million in 1998
         compared to $70.9 million in 1997. Approximately $17.3 million of the
         increase resulted from the 1998 and 1997 Acquisition Centers. The other
         Centers had a net increase of $1.8 million in shopping center expenses
         resulting primarily from increased property taxes and recoverable
         expenses.

                    General and administrative expenses increased to $4.4
         million in 1998 from $2.8 million in 1997 primarily due to the
         accounting change required by EITF 97-11, "Accounting for Internal
         Costs Relating to Real Estate Property Acquisitions," which requires
         the expensing of internal acquisition costs. Previously in accordance
         with GAAP, certain internal acquisition costs were capitalized. The
         increase is also attributable to higher executive and director
         compensation expense.


         INTEREST EXPENSE

                    Interest expense increased to $91.4 million in 1998 from
         $66.4 million in 1997. This increase of $25.0 million is primarily
         attributable to the acquisition activity in 1997 and 1998, which was
         partially funded with secured debt and borrowings under the Company's
         line of credit. In addition, in June and July of 1997, the Company
         issued $161.4 million of convertible debentures, which contributed to
         $5.7 million of this increase.

         DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION

                    Depreciation increased to $53.1 million from $41.5 million
         in 1997. This increase relates primarily to the 1997 and 1998
         Acquisition Centers.


                                  26
<PAGE>

         MINORITY INTEREST

                    The minority interest represents the 28.4% weighted average
         interest of the Operating Partnership that was not owned by the Company
         during 1998. This compares to 31.8% not owned by the Company during
         1997.

         INCOME (LOSS) FROM UNCONSOLIDATED JOINT VENTURES AND MANAGEMENT 
         COMPANIES

                    The income from unconsolidated joint ventures and the
         Management Companies was $14.5 million for 1998, compared to a loss of
         $8.1 million in 1997. A total of $14.5 million of the change is
         attributable to the 1998 acquisition of the ERE/Yarmouth portfolio.
         Also, in 1997, there was a write-down and loss of $10.5 million on the
         sale of North Valley Plaza.

         GAIN ON SALE OF ASSETS

                  During 1997, the Company sold a parcel of land for a net gain
          of $1.6 million compared to a minimal amount of gain on sale
          recognized in 1998.

         EXTRAORDINARY LOSS FROM  EARLY EXTINGUISHMENT OF DEBT

                    In 1998, the Company wrote off  $2.4 million of unamortized
         financing costs, compared to $0.6 million written off in 1997.

         NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS

                    As a result of the foregoing, net income available to common
         stockholders increased to $32.5 million in 1998 from $22.0 million in
         1997.

         OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                    Cash flow from operations was $85.2 million in 1998 compared
         to $78.4 million in 1997. The increase resulted from the factors
         discussed above, primarily the impact of the 1997 and 1998 Acquisition
         Centers.

         INVESTING ACTIVITIES

                    Cash flow used in investing activities was $761.1 million in
         1998 compared to $215.0 million in 1997. The change resulted primarily
         from the higher volume of acquisition activity completed in 1998
         compared to 1997.

         FINANCING ACTIVITIES

                    Cash flow from financing activities was $676.0 million in
         1998 compared to $146.0 million in 1997. The increase resulted from the
         offerings of 7,920,181 shares of common stock, 3,627,131 shares of
         Series A Preferred Stock and 5,487,471 shares of Series B Preferred
         Stock completed in 1998. No equity was raised in 1997.

         EBITDA AND FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS

                    Primarily because of the factors mentioned above, EBITDA
         increased 28% to $189.5 million in 1998 from $147.6 million in 1997 and
         Funds from Operations - Diluted increased 44% to $120.5 million from
         $83.4 million in 1997.

COMPARISON OF YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1997 AND 1996

                  REVENUES

                    Minimum and percentage rents increased by 44% to $151.5
         million in 1997 from $105.2 million in 1996. Approximately $36.0
         million of the increase resulted from the 1996 Acquisition Centers and
         $11.9 million resulted from the 1997 Acquisition Centers. These
         increases were partially offset by decreases of $0.5 million at
         Parklane Mall and $0.3 million at Crossroads-Boulder, both due to
         reduced occupancy incurred during redevelopment.


                                  27
<PAGE>

         REVENUES, CONTINUED:



                    Tenant recoveries increased to $66.5 million in 1997 from
         $47.7 million in 1996. The 1997 and 1996 Acquisition Centers generated
         $19.6 million of this increase. These increases were partially offset
         by lower recoveries resulting from lower Same Center recoverable
         expenses in 1997 compared to 1996.

                    Other income increased to $3.2 million in 1997 from $2.2
         million in 1996. Approximately $0.5 million of the increase related to
         the 1997 and 1996 Acquisition Centers, and approximately $0.5 million
         of this increase resulted from nonrecurring fee income received in
         1997.

         EXPENSES

                    Shopping center expenses increased to $70.9 million in 1997
         compared to $50.8 million in 1996. Approximately $20.9 million of the
         increase resulted from the 1997 and 1996 Acquisition Centers. The other
         centers had a net decrease of $0.8 million in shopping center expenses
         resulting primarily from decreased property taxes, insurance premiums
         and recoverable expenses.

                    General and administrative expenses increased to $2.8
         million in 1997 from $2.4 million in 1996, primarily due to increased
         executive and director compensation expense and professional fee
         expense.

         INTEREST EXPENSE

                    Interest expense increased to $66.4 million in 1997 from
         $42.4 million in 1996. This increase of $24.0 million is attributable
         to the acquisition activity in 1997 and 1996, which was partially
         funded with secured debt. In addition, in June and July 1997, the
         Company issued $161.4 million of convertible debentures.

         DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION

                    Depreciation increased to $41.5 million from $32.6 million
         in 1996. This increase relates primarily to the 1996 and 1997
         Acquisition Centers.

         MINORITY INTEREST

                    The minority interest represented the 31.8% weighted average
         interest of the Operating Partnership that was not owned by the Company
         during 1997. This compares to 36.9% not owned by the Company during
         1996.

         INCOME (LOSS) FROM UNCONSOLIDATED JOINT VENTURES AND MANAGEMENT 
         COMPANIES

                    The loss from unconsolidated joint ventures and the
         Management Companies was $8.1 million for 1997, compared to a gain of
         $3.3 million in 1996. A total of $10.5 million of the change is
         attributable to the write-down and the loss on the sale of North Valley
         Plaza in 1997.

         GAIN ON SALE OF ASSETS

                  During 1997 the Company sold a parcel of land for a net gain 
         of $1.6 million.  There was no gain on sale recognized in 1996.

         EXTRAORDINARY LOSS FROM EARLY EXTINGUISHMENT OF DEBT

                    In 1997 the Company wrote off $0.6 million of unamortized
         financing costs, compared to $0.3 million written off in 1996.

         NET INCOME

                    As a result of the foregoing, net income increased to $22.0
         million in 1997 from $18.9 million in 1996.


                                  28

<PAGE>

         OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                    Cash flow from operations was $78.5 million in 1997 compared
         to $80.4 million in 1996. The decrease resulted from the factors
         discussed above, primarily the impact of the 1996 and 1997 Acquisition
         Centers and related financings.

         INVESTING ACTIVITIES

                    Cash flow used in investing activities was $215.0 million in
         1997 compared to $296.7 million in 1996. The change resulted primarily
         from the four acquisitions completed in 1997 compared to seven
         acquisitions in 1996.

         FINANCING ACTIVITIES

                    Cash flow from financing activities was $146.0 million in 
         1997 compared to $216.3 million in 1996.  The decrease resulted from 
         more acquisition financing done in 1996 than 1997.

         EBITDA AND FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS

                    Due primarily to the factors mentioned above, EBITDA
         increased 45%, to $147.6 million in 1997 from $101.9 million in 1996
         and Funds From Operations increased 33%, to $83.2 million, from $62.4
         million in 1996.


         LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

                    The Company intends to meet its short term liquidity
         requirements through cash generated from operations and working capital
         reserves. The Company anticipates that revenues will continue to
         provide necessary funds for its operating expenses and debt service
         requirements, and to pay dividends to stockholders in accordance with
         REIT requirements. The Company anticipates that cash generated from
         operations, together with cash on hand, will be adequate to fund
         capital expenditures which will not be reimbursed by tenants, other
         than non-recurring capital expenditures. Capital for major expenditures
         or major redevelopments has been, and is expected to continue to be,
         obtained from equity or debt financings which include borrowings under
         the Company's line of credit and construction loans. However, many
         factors impact the Company's ability to access capital, such as its 
         overall debt to market capitalization level, interest rates and 
         interest coverage ratios. The Company currently is undertaking a $90 
         million redevelopment of Pacific View. See "Item 2. Properties." The 
         Company has a bank construction loan agreement to fund $89.2 million 
         of these construction costs.

                    The Company believes that it will have access to the capital
         necessary to expand its business in accordance with its strategies for
         growth and maximizing Funds from Operations. The Company presently
         intends to obtain additional capital necessary to expand its business
         through a combination of additional public and private equity
         offerings, debt financings and/or joint ventures. During 1998 and 1999,
         the Company acquired two portfolios through joint ventures with another
         party. The Company believes such joint venture arrangements provide an
         attractive alternative to other forms of financing, particularly during
         periods when access to public capital markets is restricted by
         prevailing market conditions. See "Equity Offerings" and
         "Acquisitions."

                    The Company's total outstanding loan indebtedness at
         December 31, 1998 was $1.8 billion (including its pro rata share of
         joint venture debt). This equated to a debt to Total Market
         Capitalization (defined as total debt of the Company, including its pro
         rata share of joint venture debt, plus aggregate market value of
         outstanding shares of common stock, assuming full conversion of OP
         Units and preferred stock into common stock) ratio of approximately 56%
         at December 31, 1998. The Company's debt consists primarily of
         fixed-rate conventional mortgages payable secured by individual
         properties. See "Properties-Mortgage Debt" for a description of the
         Company's outstanding mortgage indebtedness.

                    The Company has filed a shelf registration statement,
         effective December 8, 1997, to sell securities. The shelf registration
         is for a total of $500 million of common stock, common stock warrants
         or common stock rights. On February 18, 1998, the Company issued
         1,052,650 shares and on February 23, 1998 an additional 1,826,484
         shares were issued. On April 24, 1998, the Company issued 808,989
         shares and an additional 967,256, 1,864, 802 and 1,400,000 shares were
         issued on April 29, 1998, May 29, 1998 and December 14, 1998,
         respectively. The aggregate offering price of these transactions was
         approximately $212.9 million, leaving approximately $287.1 million
         available under the shelf registration statement.


                                  29

<PAGE>

         LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES, CONTINUED:

                    The Company has an unsecured line of credit for up to $150.0
         million. There was $137.0 million of borrowings outstanding at 
         December 31, 1998.

                    At December 31, 1998, the Company had cash and cash
         equivalents available of $25.1 million.



         YEAR 2000 READINESS DISCLOSURE

         THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BELOW CONTAINS YEAR 2000 STATEMENTS AND IS A
YEAR 2000 READINESS DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO PUB. L. NO. 105-271.

         YEAR 2000 ISSUES

         The Year 2000 issue is the result of many existing computer programs
and embedded technology using two digits rather than four to define the
applicable year. The Company's computer equipment and software and devices with
embedded technology that are time-sensitive may recognize a date using "00" as
the year 1900 rather than the year 2000. This could result in system failure or
erroneous data which would cause disruptions of operations.

         The Company has initiated a Year 2000 compliance program consisting of
the following phases: (1) identification of Year 2000 issues; (2) assessment of
Year 2000 compliance of systems; (3) remediation or replacement of non-compliant
systems; (4) testing to verify compliance; and (5) contingency planning, as
appropriate. This program includes a review of both information technology
("IT") and non-IT systems and is being supervised by the Company's Year 2000
team which consists of management as well as operational and IT staff members.

         On February 18, 1999, the Company acquired several properties from
various Safeco Corporation entities and is in the process of reviewing each
property's Year 2000 readiness. Such review is anticipated to be completed by
June 30, 1999. See "Recent Developments - Acquisitions". The following
disclosure provides information regarding the Company's properties excluding
those acquisition properties.

         IT SYSTEMS

         The Company has reviewed its core computer hardware systems and
software programs to determine if such systems and programs will properly
process dates in the Year 2000 and thereafter. Based on manufacturer or vendor
information, the Company presently believes most of its critical computer
hardware systems and software programs are substantially Year 2000 compliant.
The Company is aware of one critical hardware system which needs a Year 2000
upgrade at a cost of approximately $13,100. The Company is currently conducting
its own evaluation and testing to verify compliance of its critical hardware
systems and software and expects to conclude such testing by June 1, 1999.

         The most important software program to the Company's operations is its
property management and accounting software. The Company has been advised by its
independent software vendor that it has completed its evaluation, testing and
modification of this program and the necessary changes have been completed to
achieve Year 2000 compliance. The Company is conducting its own evaluation and
testing to confirm this conclusion and expects to complete such testing by June
1, 1999.

         The Company completed its assessment of the Year 2000 compliance of its
non-critical computer hardware systems and software programs by its target date
of December 31, 1998. Based on manufacturer or vendor information, the Company
presently believes that substantially all of its non-critical hardware systems
and software programs are Year 2000 compliant.


                                  30
<PAGE>

         YEAR 2000 READINESS DISCLOSURE, CONTINED:

         NON-IT SYSTEMS

         Part of the Company's Year 2000 program also includes a review of 
the various operating systems of each of its portfolio properties and main 
offices. These systems typically include embedded technology which 
complicates the Company's Year 2000 efforts. Examples of these types of 
systems include energy management systems, telecommunication systems, 
elevators, security systems and copiers. The various operating systems have 
been assigned priorities based on the importance of the system to each 
property's operations and the potential impact of non-compliance. All of the 
Company's properties have substantially completed their initial assessment of 
each system and are verifying Year 2000 compliance through the manufacturers 
and/or vendors of the systems. Approximately 70% of the critical operating 
systems for which the Company has received information from manufacturers or 
vendors are substantially Year 2000 compliant as reported by such entities. 
Certain critical systems, 11 energy management systems, one telephone system, 
and one parking access computer software system, will need Year 2000 upgrades 
and the Company is in the process of obtaining such upgrades at an aggregate 
cost of approximately $50,000. Other non-compliant critical systems are being 
upgraded by the manufacturer at no cost to the Company or were previously 
scheduled for replacement or upgrades prior to January 1, 2000. With respect 
to approximately 20% of its critical operating systems, the Company has not 
received the necessary information to assess the Year 2000 compliance of such 
systems. The Company is contacting these manufacturers/ vendors to obtain the 
information necessary to complete its Year 2000 compliance assessment.

         Each property is preparing recommendations regarding the remediation
and testing phases. Remediation and testing recommendations and time lines are
prepared based on the importance of each system to the property's operations and
information received from the manufacturer/vendor. The Company plans to
coordinate the testing phase with the manufacturers/vendors of the systems, as
appropriate. The Company established June 1, 1999 as its target date to complete
the remediation and testing phases for the critical operating systems at each
property. The Company will need the cooperation of its manufacturers/vendors in
providing information and testing assistance to meet this timeline for its
critical operating systems. If such cooperation is not provided, completion of
these phases will be delayed. The Company expects the Year 2000 program to
continue beyond January 1, 2000 with respect to non-critical operating systems
and issues.

         MATERIAL THIRD PARTIES

         The Company mailed surveys to its material vendors, utilities and
tenants about their plans and progress in addressing the Year 2000 issue. Those
entities surveyed include the utilities for each mall (i.e., electric, gas,
water, telephone and waste management companies), the largest tenants of the
Company based on the amount of their 1998 rent payments and certain Anchor
tenants. As of this date, the Company has received responses from approximately
58% of those entities surveyed. Generally, the responses received state that the
entity is in the process of addressing the Year 2000 compliance issues and
expects to achieve compliance prior to January 1, 2000.

         COSTS

         Because the Company's assessment, remediation and testing efforts are
ongoing, the Company is unable to estimate the actual costs of achieving Year
2000 compliance for its IT and non-IT systems. Based on information received
from manufacturers/vendors, the Company presently anticipates that the
assessment and remediation costs will not be material. As of December 31, 1998,
the Company has not expended significant amounts since its evaluation of Year
2000 issues has been primarily conducted by its own personnel. The Company does
not separately record the internal costs incurred for its Year 2000 compliance
program. Such costs are primarily the related payroll costs for its personnel
who are part of the Year 2000 program.

         RISKS

         As is true of most businesses, the Company is vulnerable to external
forces that might generally effect industry and commerce, such as utility
company Year 2000 compliance failures and related service interruptions. In
addition, failure of information and operating systems of tenants may delay the
payment of rent to the Company or impair their ability to operate. A formal
contingency plan has not yet been developed for dealing with the most reasonably
likely worst case scenario. The Company will continue to evaluate potential
areas of risk and develop a contingency plan, as appropriate.

         Based on currently available information, the Company believes that the
Year 2000 issue will not pose significant operational problems for the Company.
However, if all Year 2000 issues are not properly identified, or assessment,
remediation and testing are not effected in a timely manner, there can be no
assurance that the Year 2000 issue will not adversely affect the Company's
results of operations or its relationships with tenants or other third parties.
Additionally, there can be no assurance that the Year 2000 issues of third
parties will not have an adverse impact on the Company's results of operations.


                                  31
<PAGE>

         FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS

                  The Company believes that the most significant measure of its
         performance is FFO. FFO is defined by The National Association of Real
         Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT") to be: Net income (loss) (computed
         in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from debt
         restructuring and sales or write-down of assets, plus depreciation and
         amortization (excluding depreciation on personal property and
         amortization of loan and financial instrument costs) and after
         adjustments for unconsolidated entities. Adjustments for unconsolidated
         entities are calculated on the same basis. FFO does not represent cash
         flow from operations, as defined by GAAP, and is not necessarily
         indicative of cash available to fund all cash flow needs. The following
         reconciles net income available to common stockholders to FFO:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                           1998                        1997
                                                                 --------------------------  --------------------------
                                                                 Shares        Amount        Shares        Amount
                                                                 ------------  ------------  ------------  ------------
                                                                                (amounts in thousands)
<S>                                                              <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>
     Net income - available to common stockholders                                 $32,528                     $22,046

     Adjustments to reconcile net income to FFO-basic:

          Minority interest                                                         12,902                      10,567
          Loss on early extinguishment of debt                                       2,435                         555
          Gain on sale of wholly-owned  assets                                          (9)                     (1,619)
          Loss on sale or write-down of assets from
                unconsolidated entities (pro rata)                                     143                      10,400
          Depreciation and amortization on wholly owned centers                     53,141                      41,535
          Depreciation and amortization on joint ventures and
                from the management companies (pro rata)                            10,879                       2,312

     Less:  depreciation on personal property and
               amortization of loan costs and interest rate caps                    (3,716)                     (2,608)

                                                                               ------------                ------------
     FFO - basic (1)                                                  43,016      $108,303        37,982       $83,188

     Additional adjustment to arrive at FFO-diluted

          Impact of convertible preferred stock                        6,058        11,547           N/A           N/A
          Impact of stock options and restricted stock using
              the treasury method                                        612           668           421           239
          Impact of convertible debentures                                        (n/a anti-dilutive)
                                                                 -----------   -----------   -----------   ------------

     FFO - diluted (2)                                                49,686      $120,518        38,403       $83,427
                                                                 -----------   -----------   -----------   ------------
                                                                 -----------   -----------   -----------   ------------
</TABLE>


                                  32
<PAGE>

         FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS, CONTINUED:

         (1)   Calculated based upon basic net income as adjusted to reach
               basic FFO. Weighted average number of shares includes the
               weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for 1998
               assuming the conversion of all outstanding OP Units.

         (2)   The computation of FFO - diluted and diluted average number
               of shares outstanding includes the effect of outstanding common
               stock options and restricted stock using the treasury method.
               Convertible debentures for the twelve month period are
               anti-dilutive and are not included. On February 25, 1998, the
               Company sold $100 million of its Series A Preferred Stock. On
               June 17, 1998, the Company sold $150 million of its Series B
               Preferred Stock. The preferred stock can be converted on a
               one-for-one basis for common stock. The preferred shares are not
               assumed converted for purposes of net income per share as they
               would be anti-dilutive to that calculation. The preferred shares
               are assumed converted for purposes of FFO-diluted per share as
               they are dilutive to that calculation.

         Included in minimum rents were rents attributable to the accounting
         practice of straight lining of rents. The amount of straight lining of
         rents that impacted minimum rents was $3,814,000 for 1998, $3,599,000
         for 1997 and $1,832,000 for 1996.

     INFLATION

               In the last three years, inflation has not had a significant
     impact on the Company because of a relatively low inflation rate. Most of
     the leases at the Centers have rent adjustments periodically through the
     lease term. These rent increases are either in fixed increments or based on
     increases in the Consumer Price Index. In addition, many of the leases are
     for terms of less than ten years, which enables the Company to replace
     existing leases with new leases at higher base rents if the rents of the
     existing leases are below the then existing market rate. Additionally, most
     of the leases require the tenants to pay their pro rata share of operating
     expenses. This reduces the Company's exposure to increases in costs and
     operating expenses resulting from inflation.

     SEASONALITY

         The shopping center industry is seasonal in nature, particularly in the
     fourth quarter during the holiday season when retailer occupancy and retail
     sales are typically at their highest levels. In addition, shopping malls
     achieve a substantial portion of their specialty (temporary retailer) rents
     during the holiday season. As a result of the above, earnings are generally
     highest in the fourth quarter of each year.


     NEW PRONOUNCEMENTS ISSUED:

                  In March, 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
     ("FASB"), through its Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF"), concluded based
     on EITF 97-11, "Accounting for Internal Costs Relating to Real Estate
     Property Acquisitions," that all internal costs to source, analyze and
     close acquisitions should be expensed as incurred. The Company has
     historically capitalized these costs in accordance with GAAP. The Company
     has adopted the FASB's interpretation effective March 19,1998, and the
     impact was approximately $0.04 per share reduction of net income and
     FFO-diluted per share for 1998.

                  In May, 1998, the FASB, through the EITF, modified the timing
     of recognition of revenue for percentage rent received from tenants in EITF
     98-9, "Accounting for Contingent Rent in Interim Financial Periods." The
     Company applied this accounting change as of April 1, 1998. The accounting
     change had the effect of deferring $1,792,000 of percentage rent in the
     second quarter of 1998 and $972,000 of percentage rent in the third quarter
     of 1998. During the fourth quarter of 1998, the FASB reversed EITF 98-9.
     Accordingly, the Company has resumed accounting for percentage rent on the
     accrual basis. The effect of these changes was that approximately
     $2,764,000 was deferred from the second and third quarters of 1998 to the
     fourth quarter of 1998.


                                  33

<PAGE>

     NEW PRONOUNCEMENTS ISSUED, CONTINUED:

                  In June 1998, the FASB issued SFAS 133, "Accounting for
     Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," which will be effective for
     the Company's financial statements for periods beginning January 1, 2000.
     The new standard requires companies to record derivatives on the balance
     sheet, measured at fair value. Changes in the fair values of those
     derivatives will be accounted for depending on the use of the derivative
     and whether it qualifies for hedge accounting. The key criterion for hedge
     accounting is that the hedging relationship must be highly effective in
     achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows. The Company has
     not yet determined when it will implement SFAS 133 nor has it completed the
     complex analysis required to determine the impact on its financial
     statements.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

              The Company's primary market risk exposure is interest rate risk.
     The Company has managed and will continue to manage interest rate risk by
     (1) maintaining a conservative ratio of fixed rate, long-term debt to total
     debt such that variable rate exposure is kept at an acceptable level, (2)
     reducing interest rate exposure on certain long-term variable rate debt
     through the use of interest rate caps with appropriately matching
     maturities, (3) using treasury rate locks where appropriate to fix rates on
     anticipated debt transactions, and (4) taking advantage of favorable market
     conditions for long-term debt and/or equity.

              The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 1998
     concerning the Company's long term debt obligations, including principal
     cash flows by scheduled maturity, weighted average interest rates and
     estimated fair value ("FV").


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                For the Year Ended December 31,
                                    (dollars in thousands)
                                              1999         2000          2001         2002
                                              ----         ----          ----         ----
<S>                                        <C>             <C>           <C>          <C>
Long term debt:
    Fixed rate                                 $10,670        $8,159     $107,461       $10,302
    Average interest rate                         7.30%         7.30%        7.26%         7.26%
    Fixed rate - Debentures                          -             -            -       161,400
    Average interest rate                            -             -            -          7.25%
    Variable rate                              150,100             -      137,000             -
    Average interest rate                        6.76%             -         6.79%            -
                                           -----------------------------------------------------
Total debt - Wholly owned Centers             $160,770        $8,159     $244,461      $171,702
                                           -----------------------------------------------------

Joint Venture Centers:
(at Company's pro rata share)

    Fixed rate                                  $7,202             -            -             -
    Average interest rate                         8.89%            -            -             -
    Variable rate                                    -             -            -             -
    Average interest rate                            -             -            -             -
                                           -----------------------------------------------------
Total debt - All Centers                      $167,972        $8,159     $244,461      $171,702
                                           -----------------------------------------------------
                                           -----------------------------------------------------

<CAPTION>

                                              2003      Thereafter      Total          FV
                                              ----      ----------      -----          --
<S>                                        <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>
Long term debt:
    Fixed rate                                 $99,832      $822,194   $1,058,618    $1,121,753
    Average interest rate                         7.20%         7.20%        7.20%            -
    Fixed rate - Debentures                          -             -      161,400       155,719
    Average interest rate                            -             -         7.25%            -
    Variable rate                                    -             -      287,100       287,100
    Average interest rate                            -             -         6.77%            -
                                           -----------------------------------------------------

Total debt - Wholly owned Centers              $99,832      $822,194   $1,507,118    $1,564,572
                                           -----------------------------------------------------

Joint Venture Centers:
(at Company's pro rata share)

    Fixed rate                                       -      $197,740     $204,942      $205,828
    Average interest rate                            -          6.50%        7.20%            -
    Variable rate                               92,500             -       92,500        92,500
    Average interest rate                        6.15%             -         6.15%            -
                                           -----------------------------------------------------

Total debt - All Centers                      $192,332    $1,019,934   $1,804,560    $1,862,900
                                           -----------------------------------------------------
                                           -----------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


     Of the total variable rate debt maturing in 1999, $65.1 million was paid in
     full on February 4, 1999, and refinanced with a new $100 million fixed rate
     loan at an interest rate of 6.74%. The Company is currently in negotiations
     to refinance the remaining $85.0 million maturing in 1999 with fixed rate
     debt. The $137.0 million of variable debt maturing in 2001 represents the
     outstanding borrowings under the Company's credit facility. The credit
     facility matures in February 2000, with a one year option to extend the
     maturity date to February 2001. The table reflects the Company extending
     the maturity date to February 2001.


                                  34
<PAGE>

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK, CONTINUED:


     In addition, the Company has assessed the market risk for its variable rate
     debt and believes that a 1% increase in interest rates would decrease
     future earnings and cash flows by approximately $3.8 million per year based
     on $379.6 million outstanding at December 31, 1998.

     The fair value of the Company's long term debt is estimated based on
     discounted cash flows at interest rates that management believes reflects
     the risks associated with long term debt of similar risk and duration.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         Refer to the Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement
Schedules for the required information.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

         None.


                                  35
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY.

         There is hereby incorporated by reference the information which appears
under the captions "Election of Directors," "Executive Officers" and "Section 16
Reporting" in the Company's definitive proxy statement for its 1999 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

         There is hereby incorporated by reference the information which appears
under the caption "Executive Compensation" in the Company's definitive proxy
statement for its 1999 Annual Meeting of Stockholders; provided, however, that
neither the Report of the Compensation Committee on executive compensation nor
the Stock Performance Graph set forth therein shall be incorporated by reference
herein, in any of the Company's prior or future filings under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except
to the extent the Company specifically incorporates such report or stock
performance graph by reference therein and shall not be otherwise deemed filed
under either of such Acts.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

         There is hereby incorporated by reference the information which appears
under the captions "Principal Stockholders," "Information Regarding Nominees and
Directors" and "Executive Officers" in the Company's definitive proxy statement
for its 1999 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         There is hereby incorporated by reference the information which appears
under the captions "Certain Transactions" in the Company's definitive proxy
statement for its 1999 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.


                                  36
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND 
REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                        Page
                                                                                                       -------
<S>                                                                                                  <C> 
(a)      1.       Financial Statements of the Company

                  Report of Independent Accountants.                                                      39

                  Consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 1998 and 1997.
                                                                                                          40

                  Consolidated statements of operations of the Company for the years ended
                  December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996.                                                       41

                  Consolidated statements of stockholders' equity of the Company for the years
                  ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996.                                                 42

                  Consolidated statements of cash flows of the Company for the years ended
                  December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996.                                                       43

                  Notes to consolidated financial statements                                           44-61

         2.       Financial Statements of SDG Macerich Properties, L.P.

                  Independent Auditors' Report                                                            62

                  Balance sheet of SDG Macerich Properties, L.P. as of December 31, 1998.
                                                                                                          63

                  Statement of operations of SDG Macerich Properties, L.P. for the year ended
                  December 31, 1998.                                                                      64

                  Statement of cash flows of SDG Macerich Properties, L.P. for the year ended
                  December 31, 1998.                                                                      65

                  Statement of partners' equity of the SDG Macerich Properties, L.P. for the
                  year ended December 31, 1998.                                                           66

                  Notes to financial statements                                                        67-69

         3.       Financial Statement Schedules

                  Schedule III - Real estate and accumulated depreciation of the Company
                                                                                                       70-71

                  Schedule III - Real estate and accumulated depreciation of SDG Macerich
                  Properties, L.P.                                                                        72

(b) 1. Reports on Form 8-K.

                  Form 8-K/A dated November 10, 1998 amending the Form 8-K
                  regarding the acquisition of the Village at Corte Madera and
                  the Form 8-K regarding the acquisition of Carmel Plaza and
                  including certain financial statements and pro forma financial
                  information regarding such acquisitions.                                                 -


                                  37

<PAGE>

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND Page
REPORTS ON FORM 8-K, CONTINUED:

                                                                                                        Page
                                                                                                       -------
<S>                                                                                                  <C> 

                  Form 8-K dated November 13, 1998, as amended by Form 8-K/A
                  dated December 8, 1998, regarding the declaration of a
                  dividend of one preferred share purchase right for each
                  outstanding share of common stock.                                                       -

                  Form 8-K dated December 14, 1998 with respect to the Underwriting Agreement
                  and opinion of counsel regarding the issuance of 1,400,000 shares of common
                  stock.                                                                                   -

                  Form 8-K dated December 30, 1998 with respect to the acquisition of
                  Northwest Arkansas Mall.                                                                 -

(c)      1.       Exhibits

                  The Exhibit Index attached hereto is incorporated by reference under this
                  item.                                                                                    -

</TABLE>


                                  38

<PAGE>

                        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS



To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of The Macerich Company:



We have audited the consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule of The Macerich Company (the "Company") as listed in Items 14(a)(1) and
(3) of this Form 10-K. These financial statements and financial statement
schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these statements and financial statement schedule
based on our audits. We did not audit the financial statements of SDG Macerich
Properties, L.P. (the "Partnership") the investment in which is reflected in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements using the equity method of
accounting. The investment in the Partnership represents approximately 10% of
1998 consolidated total assets of the Company, and the equity in its net income
represents approximately 33% of the Company's 1998 consolidated net income.
Those statements were audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished
to us and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for the
Partnership, is based solely on the report of the other auditors.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits and the report of the other auditors provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, based on our audits and the report of the other auditors, the
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the consolidated financial position of The Macerich Company as of December 31,
1998 and 1997, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows
for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996, in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, in our opinion, the
financial statement schedule referred to above, when considered in relation to
the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all
material respects, the information required to be included therein.




PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Los Angeles, California
March 17, 1999


                                  39

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                    (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                            December 31,
                                                                                  ----------------------------------
                                                                                        1998             1997
                                                                                        ----             ----
                                     ASSETS:
<S>                                                                               <C>                <C>
Property, net                                                                           $1,966,845       $1,407,179
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   25,143           25,154
Tenant receivables, including accrued overage rents of
     $5,917 in 1998 and $4,330 in 1997                                                      37,373           23,696
Due from affiliates                                                                              -            3,105
Deferred charges and other assets, net                                                      62,673           37,899
Investments in joint ventures and the Management Companies                                 230,022            7,969
                                                                                  ----------------- ----------------
               Total assets                                                             $2,322,056       $1,505,002
                                                                                  ----------------- ----------------
                                                                                  ----------------- ----------------


                      LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:

Mortgage notes payable:
     Related parties                                                                      $134,625         $135,313
     Others                                                                              1,074,093          771,246
                                                                                  ----------------- ----------------
     Total                                                                               1,208,718          906,559
Bank notes payable                                                                         137,000           55,000
Convertible debentures                                                                     161,400          161,400
Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                       27,701           17,335
Due to affiliates                                                                            2,953           15,109
Other accrued liabilities                                                                   36,927           32,841
Preferred stock dividend payable                                                             4,420                -
                                                                                  ----------------- ----------------
               Total liabilities                                                         1,579,119        1,188,244

Minority interest in Operating Partnership                                                 165,524          100,463
                                                                                  ----------------- ----------------

Commitments and contingencies (Note 11)

Stockholders' equity:
       Series A cumulative convertible redeemable preferred stock, $.01 par
              value, 3,627,131 and 0 shares authorized, issued and outstanding
              at December 31, 1998 and December 31, 1997,
              respectively                                                                      36                -
       Series B cumulative convertible redeemable preferred stock, $.01 par
              value, 5,487,471 and 0 shares authorized, issued and outstanding
              at December 31, 1998 and December 31, 1997,
              respectively                                                                      55                -
     Common stock, $.01 par value, 100,000,000 shares
              authorized, 33,901,963 and 26,004,800 shares issued and
              outstanding at December 31, 1998 and 1997, respectively                          338              260
     Additional paid in capital                                                            581,508          219,121
     Accumulated earnings                                                                        -                -
     Unamortized restricted stock                                                           (4,524)          (3,086)
                                                                                  ----------------- ----------------
              Total stockholders' equity                                                   577,413          216,295
                                                                                  ----------------- ----------------
                   Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                           $2,322,056       $1,505,002
                                                                                  ----------------- ----------------
                                                                                  ----------------- ----------------

</TABLE>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


                                  40

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                             For the years ended
                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                 --------------------------------------------------
                                                                     1998                 1997           1996
                                                                     ----                 ----           ----
<S>                                                                <C>                <C>               <C>
           REVENUES:
              Minimum rents                                        $179,710             $142,251        $99,061   
              Percentage rents                                       12,856                9,259          6,142       
              Tenant recoveries                                      86,740               66,499         47,648       
              Other                                                   4,555                3,205          2,208       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
                 Total revenues                                     283,861              221,214        155,059       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
                                                                                                                  
           EXPENSES:                                                                                              
              Shopping center expenses                               89,991               70,901         50,792       
              General and administrative expense                      4,373                2,759          2,378       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
                                                                     94,364               73,660         53,170       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
              Interest expense:                                                                                   
                Related parties                                      10,224               10,287         10,172       
                Others                                               81,209               56,120         32,181       
              Depreciation and amortization                          53,141               41,535         32,591       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
                                                                    144,574              107,942         74,944       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
           Equity in income (loss) of                                                                             
                unconsolidated joint ventures                                                                     
                and the management companies                         14,480              (8,063)          3,256       
           Gain on sale of assets                                         9                1,619              -       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
           Income before minority interest                                                                        
                and extraordinary item                               59,412               33,168         30,201       
           Extraordinary loss on early                                                                            
                extinguishment of debt                               (2,435)                (555)          (315)      
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
           Income of the Operating Partnership                       56,977               32,613         29,886       
           Less minority interest in net income                                                                   
                of the Operating Partnership                         12,902               10,567         10,975       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
           Net income                                                44,075               22,046         18,911       
                                                                                                                  
           Less preferred dividends                                  11,547                    -              -       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
           Net income available to common stockholders              $32,528              $22,046        $18,911       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------

           Earnings per common share - basic:                                                                     
                Income before extraordinary item                      $1.14                $0.86          $0.92       
                Extraordinary item                                    (0.08)               (0.01)         (0.01)      
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
           Net income - available to common stockholders              $1.06                $0.85          $0.91       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
           Weighted average number of common shares                                                               
                outstanding - basic                              30,805,000           25,891,000     20,781,000       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
           Weighted average number of common shares                                                               
                outstanding - basic, assuming full conversion                                                     
                of operating units outstanding                   43,016,000           37,982,000     32,934,000       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
           Earnings per common share - diluted:                                                                   
                Income before extraordinary item                      $1.11                $0.86          $0.90       
                Extraordinary item                                    (0.05)               (0.01)         (0.01)      
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
           Net income - available to common stockholders              $1.06                $0.85          $0.89       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
           Weighted average number of common shares                                                               
                outstanding - diluted for EPS                    43,628,000           38,403,000     33,320,000       
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
                                                                 -----------          ------------     ---------
</TABLE>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                  41

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                    (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                     Common      Preferred 
                                                       Common        Preferred       Stock         Stock         Additional     
                                                       Stock           Stock          Par           Par            Paid In       
                                                     (# shares)    (# of shares)     Value         Value          Capital       
                                                     ----------    -------------    --------      ---------      ----------
<S>                                                  <C>           <C>              <C>           <C>            <C>
Balance December 31, 1995                               19,977,000              -          $200             -       $158,145    

     Common stock issued to
          public                                         5,750,000                           57                      122,129    
     Issuance costs                                                                                                    (152)   
     Issuance of restricted stock                           41,238                                                       854    
     Unvested restricted stock                             (41,238)                                                            
     Exercise of stock options                              16,000                                                       291    
     Distributions paid ($1.70 per share)                                                                            (17,565)   
     Net income                                                                                                                
     Adjustment to reflect minority
          interest on a pro rata basis
          according to year end ownership
          percentage of Operating Partnership                                                                        (25,356)   
                                                     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance December 31, 1996                               25,743,000              -           257             -        238,346    

     Issuance costs                                                                                                     (352)   
     Issuance of restricted stock                           89,958                                                     2,471    
     Unvested restricted stock                             (89,958)                                                             
     Restricted stock vested in 1997                         8,248                                                              
     Exercise of stock options                             253,552                            3                        2,410    
     Distributions paid ($1.78 per share)                                                                            (24,061)   
     Net income                                                                                                                 
     Adjustment to reflect minority
          interest on a pro rata basis
          according to year end ownership
          percentage of Operating Partnership                                                                            307    
                                                     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance December 31, 1997                               26,004,800              -           260             -        219,121    

     Common stock issued to public                       7,828,124                           78                      214,562    
     Preferred stock issued                                             9,114,602                         $91        249,909    
     Issuance costs                                                                                                  (13,813)   
     Issuance of restricted stock                           83,018                                                     2,383    
     Unvested restricted stock                             (83,018)                                                             
     Restricted stock vested in 1998                        26,039                                                              
     Exercise of stock options                              43,000                                                       839    
     Distributions paid ($1.865) per share                                                                           (24,464)   
     Net income                                                                                                                 
     Adjustment to reflect minority interest
          on a pro rata basis according to year
          end ownership percentage of
          Operating Partnership                                                                                      (67,029)   
                                                     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance December 31, 1998                               33,901,963      9,114,602          $338           $91       $581,508    
                                                     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

<CAPTION>

                                                                       Unamortized          Total      
                                                      Accumulated       Restricted      Stockholders'  
                                                       Earnings           Stock            Equity      
                                                      -----------      -----------      ---------------
<S>                                                   <C>              <C>              <C>
Balance December 31, 1995                                         -                -          $158,345 
                                                                                                       
     Common stock issued to                                                                            
          public                                                                               122,186 
     Issuance costs                                                                               (152)
     Issuance of restricted stock                                                                  854 
     Unvested restricted stock                                                 ($854)             (854)
     Exercise of stock options                                                                     291 
     Distributions paid ($1.70 per share)                  ($18,911)                           (36,476)
     Net income                                              18,911                             18,911 
     Adjustment to reflect minority                                                                    
          interest on a pro rata basis                                                                 
          according to year end ownership                                                              
          percentage of Operating Partnership                                                  (25,356)
                                                      -------------------------------------------------
Balance December 31, 1996                                         -             (854)          237,749 
     Issuance costs                                                                               (352)
     Issuance of restricted stock                                                                2,471 
     Unvested restricted stock                                                (2,471)           (2,471)
     Restricted stock vested in 1997                                             239               239 
     Exercise of stock options                                                                   2,413 
     Distributions paid ($1.78 per share)                   (22,046)                           (46,107)
     Net income                                              22,046                             22,046 
     Adjustment to reflect minority                                                                    
          interest on a pro rata basis                                                                 
          according to year end ownership                                                              
          percentage of Operating Partnership                                                      307 
                                                      -------------------------------------------------
Balance December 31, 1997                                         -           (3,086)          216,295 
                                                                                                       
                                                                                                       
     Common stock issued to public                                                             214,640 
     Preferred stock issued                                                                    250,000 
     Issuance costs                                                                            (13,813)
     Issuance of restricted stock                                                                2,383 
     Unvested restricted stock                                                (2,383)           (2,383)
     Restricted stock vested in 1998                                             945               945 
     Exercise of stock options                                                                     839 
     Distributions paid ($1.865) per share                  (32,528)                           (56,992)
     Net income                                              32,528                             32,528 
     Adjustment to reflect minority interest                                                           
          on a pro rata basis according to year                                                        
          end ownership percentage of                                                                  
          Operating Partnership                                                                (67,029)
                                                      -------------------------------------------------
Balance December 31, 1998                                         -          ($4,524)         $577,413 
                                                      -------------------------------------------------
                                                      -------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      42

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             JANUARY 1, 1998           JANUARY 1, 1997           JANUARY 1, 1996
                                                                   TO                        TO                        TO
                                                            DECEMBER 31, 1998         DECEMBER 31, 1997         DECEMBER 31, 1996
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------
<S>                                                      <C>                       <C>                       <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
     Net income - available to common stockholders                    $32,528                   $22,046                   $18,911
     Preferred dividends                                               11,547                         -                         -
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------
     Net income                                                        44,075                    22,046                    18,911

     Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
       provided by operating activities:

     Extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt                 2,435                       555                       315
     Gain on sale of assets                                                (9)                   (1,619)                        -
     Depreciation and amortization                                     53,141                    41,535                    32,591
     Amortization of (premium) discount on trust deed
       note payable                                                      (635)                       33                        33
     Minority interest in the net income of the
       Operating Partnership                                           12,902                    10,567                    10,975
     Changes in assets and liabilities:
          Tenant receivables, net                                     (13,677)                     (504)                   (7,977)
          Other assets                                                (19,772)                  (10,899)                    1,181
          Accounts payable and accrued expenses                        10,366                     1,938                     6,596
          Due to affiliates                                           (12,156)                   14,679                      (382)
          Other liabilities                                             4,086                       145                    18,188
          Accrued preferred stock dividend                              4,420                         -                         -
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------
                Total adjustments                                      41,101                    56,430                    61,520
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------
     Net cash provided by operating activities                         85,176                    78,476                    80,431
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------

Cash flows from investing activities:
     Acquisitions of property and improvements                       (481,735)                 (199,729)                 (277,319)
     Renovations and expansions of centers                            (40,545)                  (12,929)                   (8,019)
     Additions to tenant improvements                                  (5,383)                   (2,599)                     (920)
     Deferred charges                                                 (14,536)                  (12,542)                   (9,111)
     Equity in (income) loss of unconsolidated joint
        ventures and the management companies                         (14,480)                    8,063                    (3,256)
     Distributions from joint ventures                                 32,623                     8,181                     4,107
     Contributions to joint ventures                                 (240,196)                   (7,783)                         -
     Loans to affiliates                                                3,105                         -                    (3,105)
     Proceeds from sale of assets                                           -                     4,332                       948
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------
     Net cash used in investing activities                           (761,147)                 (215,006)                 (296,675)
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------

Cash flows from financing activities:
     Proceeds from mortgages, notes and debentures
        payable                                                       480,348                   331,400                   235,673
     Payments on mortgages and notes payable                         (165,671)                 (119,515)                  (84,775)
     Net proceeds from equity offerings                               450,828                         -                   122,034
     Dividends and distributions                                      (77,998)                  (65,844)                  (56,615)
     Dividends to preferred shareholders                              (11,547)                        -                         -
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------
     Net cash provided by financing activities                        675,960                   146,041                   216,317
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------
     Net (decrease) increase in cash                                      (11)                    9,511                        73

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                         25,154                    15,643                    15,570
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                              $25,143                   $25,154                   $15,643
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------

Supplemental cash flow information:
     Cash payment for interest, net of amounts
          capitalized                                                 $89,543                   $65,475                   $40,572
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------

Non-cash transactions:
     Acquisition of property by assumption of debt                    $70,116                  $121,800                  $152,228
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------

     Acquisition of property by issuance of OP Units                   $7,917                         -                      $600
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------
                                                         -----------------------   -----------------------   ----------------------

</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      43

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)


1.       ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION:

                  The Macerich Company (the "Company") commenced operations
         effective with the completion of the initial public offering (the
         "IPO") on March 16, 1994. The Company is the sole general partner of
         and holds a 78% ownership interest in The Macerich Partnership, L. P.
         (the "Operating Partnership"). The interests in the Operating
         Partnership are known as OP Units. OP Units not held by the Company are
         redeemable, subject to certain restrictions, on a one-for-one basis,
         for the Company's common stock or cash at the Company's option.

                  The Company was organized to qualify as a real estate
         investment trust ("REIT") under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
         amended. The 22% limited partnership interest of the Operating
         Partnership not owned by the Company is reflected in these financial
         statements as minority interest.

                  The property management, leasing and redevelopment of the
         Company's portfolio is provided by the Macerich Management Company,
         Macerich Property Management Company and Macerich Manhattan Management
         Company, all California corporations (together referred to hereafter as
         the "Management Companies"). The non-voting preferred stock of the
         Macerich Management Company and Macerich Property Management Company is
         owned by the Operating Partnership, which provides the Operating
         Partnership the right to receive 95% of the distributable cash flow
         from the Management Companies. Macerich Manhattan Management Company is
         a 100% subsidiary of Macerich Management Company.

         BASIS OF PRESENTATION:

                  The consolidated financial statements of the Company include
         the accounts of the Company and the Operating Partnership. The
         properties which the Operating Partnership does not own a greater than
         50% interest in, and the Management Companies, have been accounted for
         under the equity method of accounting. These entities are reflected on
         the Company's consolidated financial statements as "Investments in
         joint ventures and the Management Companies."

                  All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have
         been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.

2.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

         CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS:

                  The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an
         original maturity of 90 days or less when purchased to be cash
         equivalents, for which cost approximates market. Included in cash is
         restricted cash of $5,954 at December 31, 1998 and $5,810 at December
         31, 1997.

         TENANT RECEIVABLES:

                  Included in tenant receivables are allowance for doubtful
         accounts of $1,707 and $1,303 at December 31, 1998 and 1997,
         respectively.

         REVENUES:

                  Minimum rental revenues are recognized on a straight-line
         basis over the terms of the related lease. The difference between the
         amount of rent due in a year and the amount recorded as rental income
         is referred to as the "straight lining of rent adjustment." Rental
         income was increased by $3,814 in 1998, $3,599 in 1997 and $1,832 in
         1996 due to the straight lining of rent adjustment. Percentage rents
         are recognized on an accrual basis. Recoveries from tenants for real
         estate taxes, insurance and other shopping center operating expenses
         are recognized as revenues in the period the applicable costs are
         incurred.

                  The Management Companies provide property management, leasing,
         corporate, redevelopment and acquisitions services to affiliated and
         non-affiliated shopping centers. In consideration for these services,
         the Management Companies receive monthly management fees generally
         ranging from 1.5% to 5% of the gross monthly rental revenue of the
         properties managed.

                                      44

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)


2.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED:

         PROPERTY:

                  Costs related to the redevelopment, construction and
         improvement of properties are capitalized. Interest costs are
         capitalized until construction is substantially complete.

                  Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to
         operations as incurred. Realized gains and losses are recognized upon
         disposal or retirement of the related assets and are reflected in
         earnings.


                  Property is recorded at cost and is depreciated using a
         straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as
         follows:

<TABLE>
                  <S>                             <C>
                  Buildings and improvements                         5-40 years
                  Tenant improvements             initial term of related lease
                  Equipment and furnishings                          5- 7 years

</TABLE>

                  The Company assesses whether there has been an impairment in
         the value of its long-lived assets by considering factors such as
         expected future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the
         effects of demand, competition and other economic factors. Such factors
         include the tenants ability to perform their duties and pay rent under
         the terms of the leases. The Company may recognize an impairment loss
         if the income stream is not sufficient to cover its investment. Such a
         loss would be determined between the carrying value and the fair value
         of a Center. Management believes no such impairment has occurred in its
         net property carrying values at December 31, 1998.

         DEFERRED CHARGES:

                  Costs relating to financing of shopping center properties and
         obtaining tenant leases are deferred and amortized over the initial
         term of the agreement. The straight-line method is used to amortize all
         costs except financing, for which the effective interest method is
         used. The range of the terms of the agreements are as follows:

<TABLE>
                  <S>                                       <C>
                  Deferred lease costs                      1 - 15 years
                  Deferred financing costs                  1 - 15 years

</TABLE>

         DEFERRED ACQUISITION LIABILITY:

                  As part of the Company's total consideration to the seller of
         Capitola Mall, the Company will issue $5,000 of OP Units five years
         after the acquisition date, which was December 21, 1995. The number of
         OP Units will be determined based on the Company's common stock price
         at that time.

         INCOME TAXES:

                  The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the
         Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. A REIT is generally not
         subject to income taxation on that portion of its income that qualifies
         as REIT taxable income as long as it distributes at least 95 percent of
         its taxable income to its stockholders and complies with other
         requirements. Accordingly, no provision has been made for income taxes
         in the consolidated financial statements.

                  On a tax basis, the distributions of $1.865 paid during 1998
         represented $1.12 of ordinary income and $0.745 of return of capital
         and the distributions of $1.78 per share during 1997 represented $0.96
         of ordinary income and $0.82 return of capital. During 1996, the
         distributions were $1.70 per share of which $1.14 was ordinary income
         and $0.56 was return of capital.

                  Each partner is taxed individually on its share of partnership
         income or loss, and accordingly, no provision for federal and state
         income tax is provided for the Operating Partnership in the
         consolidated financial statements.

                                      45

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

2.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED:

         RECLASSIFICATIONS:

                  Certain reclassifications have been made to the 1996 and 1997
         consolidated financial statements to conform to the 1998 financial
         statement presentation.

         ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS:

                  In March 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
         ("FASB"), through its Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF"), concluded
         based on EITF 97-11, "Accounting for Internal Costs Relating to Real
         Estate Property Acquisitions," that all internal costs to source,
         analyze and close acquisitions should be expensed as incurred. The
         Company has historically capitalized these costs, in accordance with
         generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). The Company has
         adopted the FASB's interpretation effective March 19, 1998, and the
         impact was an approximate $.04 per share reduction in net income
         diluted per share for 1998.

                  In May 1998, the FASB, through the EITF, modified the timing
         of recognition of revenue for percentage rent received from tenants in
         EITF 98-9, "Accounting for Contingent Rent in Interim Financial
         Periods." The Company applied this accounting change as of April 1,
         1998. The accounting change had the effect of deferring $1,792 of
         percentage rent in the second quarter of 1998 and $972 of percentage
         rent in the third quarter of 1998. During the fourth quarter of 1998,
         the FASB reversed EITF 98-9. Accordingly, the Company has resumed
         accounting for percentage rent on the accrual basis. The effect of
         these changes was that approximately $2,764 was deferred from the
         second and third quarters of 1998 to the fourth quarter of 1998.

                  In June 1998, the FASB issued SFAS 133, "Accounting for
         Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," which will be effective
         for the Company's consolidated financial statements for periods
         beginning January 1, 2000. The new standard requires companies to
         record derivatives on the balance sheet, measured at fair value.
         Changes in the fair values of those derivatives will be accounted for
         depending on the use of the derivative and whether it qualifies for
         hedge accounting. The key criterion for hedge accounting is that the
         hedging relationship must be highly effective in achieving offsetting
         changes in fair value or cash flows. The Company has not yet determined
         when it will implement SFAS 133 nor has it completed the complex
         analysis required to determine the impact on its consolidated financial
         statements.

         FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:

                  To meet the reporting requirement of SFAS No. 107,
         "Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments," the Company
         calculates the fair value of financial instruments and includes this
         additional information in the notes to consolidated financial
         statements when the fair value is different than the carrying value of
         those financial instruments. When the fair value reasonably
         approximates the carrying value, no additional disclosure is made. The
         estimated fair value amounts have been determined by the Company using
         available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies.
         However, considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data
         to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the estimates
         presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that the
         Company could realize in a current market exchange. The use of
         different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a
         material effect on the estimated fair value amounts.

                  Interest rate cap agreements are purchased by the Company from
         third parties to hedge the risk of interest rate increases on some of
         the Company's variable rate debt. The cost of these cap agreements is
         amortized over the life of the cap agreement on a straight line basis.
         Payments received as a result of the cap agreements are recorded as a
         reduction of interest expense. The unamortized costs of the cap
         agreements are included in deferred charges. The fair market value of
         these caps will vary with fluctuations in interest rates. The Company
         is exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by these
         counter parties to the financial instruments, however, management does
         not anticipate nonperformance by the counter parties.

                                      46

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

2.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED:

         FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, CONTINUED:


                  The Company periodically enters into treasury lock agreements
         in order to hedge its exposure to interest rate fluctuations on
         anticipated financings. Under these agreements, the Company pays or
         receives an amount equal to the difference between the treasury lock
         rate and the market rate on the date of settlement, based on the
         notional amount of the hedge. The realized gain or loss on the
         contracts is recorded on the balance sheet, in other assets, and
         amortized to interest expense over the period of the hedged loans. At
         December 31,1998, the Company had one unsettled treasury lock for a
         notional amount of $140,000. As of December 31, 1998, the treasury lock
         rate was higher than the market rate resulting in an unrealized hedge
         liability of approximately $5,935, which has been accrued at December
         31, 1998.


         EARNINGS PER SHARE ("EPS"):

                  During 1998, the Company implemented SFAS No. 128, "Earnings
         per share." The computation of basic earnings per share is based on net
         income and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for
         the years ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996. The computation of
         diluted earnings per share includes the effect of outstanding
         restricted stock and common stock options calculated using the Treasury
         stock method. The convertible debentures and convertible preferred
         stock were not included in the calculation as the effect of their
         inclusion would be antidilutive. The OP Units not held by the Company
         have been included in the diluted EPS calculation since they are
         redeemable on a one-for-one basis. The following table reconciles the
         basic and diluted earnings per share calculation:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          For the years ended
                                                 (In thousands, except per share data)
                                            1998                                   1997                            1996
                            --------------------------------------   ----------------------------------   ------------------------
                                    Net                      Per             Net                   Per     Net                Per
                                   Income          Shares    Share         Income        Shares   Share   Income    Shares   Share
                            ------------------     ------    -----   ------------------  ------   -----   ------    ------   -----
                            <S>                    <C>       <C>     <C>                 <C>      <C>     <C>       <C>      <C>
Net income                             $44,075     30,805                       $22,046  25,891           $18,911   20,781
Less: Preferred stock 
 dividends                              11,547                                        -                         -
                                                                             
Basic EPS:                                                                   
                            ------------------     ------   -----    ------------------  ------   -----   -------   ------   -----
Net income - available to                                                    
 common stockholders                   $32,528     30,805   $1.06               $22,046  25,891   $0.85   $18,911   20,781   $0.91
                                                                             
Dilted EPS:                                                                  
Conversion of OP units                  12,902     12,211                        10,567  12,091            10,975   12,153
Employee stock options                                                       
 and restricted stock                      668        612                           239     421                 -      386
Convertible preferred                                                        
 stock                       n/a - antidultive                                      N/A                       N/A
                                       for EPS
Convertible                                                                  
 debentures                 n/a - antidilutive                       n/a - antidilutive                       N/A
                            ------------------     ------   -----    ------------------  ------   -----   -------   ------   -----
Net income - available                                                       
 to common stockholders                $46,098     43,628   $1.06               $32,852  38,403   $0.85   $29,886   33,320   $0.89
                            ------------------     ------   -----    ------------------  ------   -----   -------   ------   -----
                            ------------------     ------   -----    ------------------  ------   -----   -------   ------   -----

</TABLE>

                                      47

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

2.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED:

         CONCENTRATION OF RISK:

                  The Company maintains its cash accounts in a number of
         commercial banks. Accounts at these banks are guaranteed by the Federal
         Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") up to $100. At various times
         during the year, the Company had deposits in excess of the FDIC
         insurance limit.

                  Lakewood Mall generated 10.5% of total shopping center
         revenues in 1997 and 16% in 1996. Queens Center accounted for 13.8% of
         total shopping center revenues in 1996. No Center generated more than
         10% of shopping center revenues during 1998.

                  The Centers derived approximately 89.9% and 89.5% of their
         total rents for the year ended December 31, 1998 and 1997,
         respectively, from Mall and Freestanding Stores. The Limited
         represented 6.1% and 7.6% of total minimum rents in place as of
         December 31, 1998 and 1997, respectively, and no other retailer
         represented more than 4.5% and 4.6% of total minimum rents as of
         December 31, 1998 and 1997, respectively.

         MANAGEMENT ESTIMATES:

                  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
         GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
         the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
         contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
         statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
         reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

         YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE:

                  The Company has initiated a Year 2000 compliance program
         consisting of the following phases: (1) identification of Year 2000
         issues; (2) assessment of Year 2000 compliance of systems; (3)
         remediation or replacement of non-compliant systems; (4) testing to
         verify compliance; and (5) contingency planning, as appropriate. The
         Company is in the process of assessing, remediating and testing both
         its information technology ("IT") and non-IT systems. Because the
         Company's assessment, remediation and testing efforts are ongoing, the
         Company is unable to estimate the actual costs of achieving Year 2000
         compliance for its IT and non-IT systems. As of December 31, 1998, the
         Company has not expended significant amounts since its evaluation of
         Year 2000 issues has been primarily conducted by its own personnel. The
         Company is also surveying its material vendors, utilities and tenants
         about their plans and progress in addressing the Year 2000 issue.

3.       INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND THE MANAGEMENT COMPANIES:

                  The following are the Company's investments in various real
         estate joint ventures which own regional retail shopping centers. The
         Operating Partnership's interest in each joint venture as of December
         31, 1998 is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                The Operating
                                                Partnership's
              Joint Venture                     Ownership %
              -------------                     -------------
         <S>                                    <C>
         Macerich Northwestern Associates           50%
         Manhattan Village, LLC                     10%
         Panorama City Associates                   50%
         SDG Macerich Properties, L.P.              50%
         West Acres Development                     19%

</TABLE>

                  The Operating Partnership also owns the non-voting preferred
         stock of the Macerich Management Company and Macerich Property
         Management Company and is entitled to receive 95% of the distributable
         cash flow of these two entities. Macerich Manhattan Management Company
         is a 100% subsidiary of Macerich Management Company. The Company
         accounts for the Management Companies and joint ventures using the
         equity method of accounting.

                                      48

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

3.       INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND THE MANAGEMENT COMPANIES, CONTINUED:

                  On February 27, 1998, the Company, through a 50/50 joint
         venture, SDG Macerich Properties, L.P., acquired a portfolio of twelve
         regional malls. The total purchase price was $974,500 including the
         assumption of $485,000 in debt, at market value. The Company funded its
         50% of the remaining purchase price by issuing 3,627,131 shares of
         Series A cumulative convertible preferred stock ("Series A Preferred
         Stock") for gross proceeds totaling $100,000 in a private placement.
         The Company also issued 2,879,134 shares of common stock ($79,600 of
         total proceeds) under the Company's shelf registration statement. The
         balance of the purchase price was funded from the Company's line of
         credit. Each of the joint venture partners have assumed leasing and
         management responsibilities for six of the regional malls.

                  On August 19, 1997, the Company acquired a 10% interest in the
         joint venture that acquired Manhattan Village Shopping Center
         ("Manhattan Village") in Manhattan Beach, California.

                  The results of these joint ventures are included for the
         period subsequent to their respective dates of acquisition.

                  In December 1997, North Valley Plaza, which was 50% owned by
         the Company, was sold.

                  Combined and condensed balance sheets and statements of
         operations are presented below for all unconsolidated joint ventures
         and the Management Companies, followed by information regarding the
         Operating Partnership's beneficial interest in the combined operations.
         Beneficial interest is calculated based on the Operating Partnership's
         ownership interests in the joint ventures and the Management Companies.



             COMBINED AND CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS OF JOINT VENTURES
                          AND THE MANAGEMENT COMPANIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            December 31,    December 31,
                                                              1998              1997
                                                              ----              ----
<S>                                                       <C>               <C>
Assets:
    Properties, net                                          $1,141,984          $153,856
    Other assets                                                 38,103            10,013
                                                          --------------    --------------
       Total assets                                          $1,180,087          $163,869
                                                          --------------    --------------
                                                          --------------    --------------

Liabilities and partners' capital:
    Mortgage notes payable                                     $618,384           $84,342
    Other liabilities                                            42,048             6,563
    The Company's capital                                       230,022             7,969
    Outside partners' capital                                   289,633            64,995
                                                          --------------    --------------
       Total liabilities and partners' capital               $1,180,087          $163,869
                                                          --------------    --------------
                                                          --------------    --------------

</TABLE>

                                      49

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

        COMBINED AND CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS OF JOINT VENTURES
                          AND THE MANAGEMENT COMPANIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  For the years ended December 31,             
                                                               1998                            
                                      -------------------------------------------------------- 
                                             SDG           Other      Management     Total     
                                          Macerich         Joint      Companies                
                                      Properties, L.P.   Ventures                              
                                      -------------------------------------------------------- 
<S>                                   <C>                <C>      <C>            <C>           
Revenues                                     $115,426    $34,345         $7,091   $156,862     
                                      --------------------------- -------------- ------------- 
Expenses:
     Management Company expense                     -          -         10,122     10,122     
     Shopping center expenses                  42,594      8,956              -     51,550     
     Interest                                  26,432      7,129           (398)    33,163     
     Depreciation and amortization             17,383      4,288            787     22,458     
                                      --------------------------- -------------- ------------- 
     Total operating costs                     86,409     20,373         10,511    117,293     
                                      --------------------------- -------------- ------------- 

Gain (loss) on sale
     or write down of assets                       29        140           (198)       (29)    
                                      --------------------------- -------------- ------------- 

     Net income (loss)                        $29,046    $14,112        ($3,618)   $39,540     
                                      --------------------------- -------------- ------------- 
                                      --------------------------- -------------- ------------- 




                                                  For the years ended December 31,             
                                                               1997                            
                                      -----------------------------------------------------
                                             SDG        Other       Management     Total   
                                          Macerich      Joint       Companies              
                                      Properties, L.P.   Ventures                          
                                      -----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>               <C>       <C>          <C>         
Revenues                                          -     $32,482        $4,163    $36,645   
                                      --------------  ----------  ------------ ------------
Expenses:                                                                                  
     Management Company expense                   -           -         4,738      4,738   
     Shopping center expenses                     -      11,952             -     11,952   
     Interest                                     -       6,361          (204)     6,157   
     Depreciation and amortization                -       4,600           392      4,992   
                                      --------------  ----------  ------------ ------------
     Total operating costs                        -      22,913         4,926     27,839   
                                      --------------  ----------  ------------ ------------
                                                                                           
Gain (loss) on sale                                                                        
     or write down of assets                      -     (20,491)          184    (20,307)  
                                      --------------  ----------  ------------ ------------
                                                                                           
     Net income (loss)                            -    ($10,922)        ($579)  ($11,501)  
                                      --------------  ----------  ------------ ------------
                                      --------------  ----------  ------------ ------------

<CAPTION>

                                                  For the years ended December 31,             
                                                               1996                            
                                       ----------------------------------------------------
                                              SDG        Other       Management     Total  
                                           Macerich      Joint        Companies            
                                       Properties, L.P.  Ventures                          
                                       ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>              <C>      <C>             <C>
Revenues                                            -   $27,059          $4,474   $31,533  
                                      ---------------- --------- --------------- --------- 
Expenses:                                                                                  
     Management Company expense                     -         -           4,293     4,293  
     Shopping center expenses                       -     9,598               -     9,598  
     Interest                                       -     6,415              (6)    6,409  
     Depreciation and amortization                  -     4,252             154     4,406  
                                      ---------------- --------- --------------- --------- 
     Total operating costs                          -    20,265           4,441    24,706  
                                      ---------------- --------- --------------- --------- 
                                                                                           
Gain (loss) on sale                                                                        
     or write down of assets                        -       581               -       581  
                                      ---------------- --------- --------------- --------- 
                                                                                           
     Net income (loss)                              -    $7,375             $33    $7,408  
                                      ---------------- --------- --------------- --------- 
                                      ---------------- --------- --------------- --------- 

</TABLE>

                    Significant accounting policies used by the unconsolidated
         joint ventures and the Management Companies are similar to those used
         by the Company.

                    Included in mortgage notes payable are amounts due to
         affiliates of Northwestern Mutual Life ("NML") of $74,612, $43,500 and
         $43,500 for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996,
         respectively. NML is considered a related party because they are a
         joint venture partner with the Company in Macerich Northwestern
         Associates. Interest expense incurred on these borrowings amounted to
         $3,786, $2,974 and $2,974 for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1997
         and 1996, respectively.

                  Included in the gain (loss) on sale or write-down of assets is
         $20,990 of loss on the sale and write-down of North Valley Plaza in
         1997.

                                      50

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

The following table sets forth the Operating Partnership's beneficial interest 
in the joint ventures and the Management Companies:

 PRO RATA SHARE OF COMBINED AND CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS OF JOINT
                VENTURES AND THE MANAGEMENT COMPANIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                            For the years ended December 31,               
                                                          1998                             
                                    -------------------------------------------------------  
                                             SDG           Other      Management     Total   
                                          Macerich         Joint      Companies              
                                      Properties, L.P.   Ventures                            
                                    ----------------------------- -------------------------  
<S>                                 <C>                  <C>      <C>              <C>       
Revenues                                      $57,713     $9,394         $6,736    $73,843   
                                    ----------------------------- -------------------------  

Expenses:
     Management Company expense                     -          -          9,616      9,616   
     Shopping center expenses                  21,297      2,065              -     23,362   
     Interest                                  13,216      2,525           (378)    15,363   
     Depreciation and amortization              8,692      1,439            748     10,879   
                                    ----------------------------- -------------- ----------  
     Total operating costs                     43,205      6,029          9,986     59,220   
                                    ----------------------------- -------------- ----------  

Gain (loss) on sale
     or write down of assets                       15         30           (188)      (143)  
                                    ----------------------------- -------------- ----------  

     Net income (loss)                        $14,523     $3,395        ($3,438)   $14,480   
                                    ----------------------------- -------------- ----------  
                                    ----------------------------- -------------- ----------  




                                            For the years ended December 31,               
                                                          1997                             
                                    -------------------------------------------------------
                                             SDG        Other         Management     Total 
                                          Macerich      Joint         Companies            
                                      Properties, L.P.   Ventures                          
                                    ----------------  ----------  -------------- ----------
<S>                                 <C>               <C>         <C>            <C>
Revenues                                          -     $11,197          $3,955    $15,152 
                                    ----------------  ----------  -------------- ----------
                                                                                           
Expenses:                                                                                  
     Management Company expense                   -           -           4,328      4,328 
     Shopping center expenses                     -       4,238               -      4,238 
     Interest                                     -       2,129            (192)     1,937 
     Depreciation and amortization                -       1,940             372      2,312 
                                    ----------------  ----------  -------------- ----------
     Total operating costs                        -       8,307           4,508     12,815 
                                    ----------------  ----------  -------------- ----------
                                                                                           
Gain (loss) on sale                                                                        
     or write down of assets                      -     (10,400)              -    (10,400)
                                    ----------------  ----------  -------------- ----------
                                                                                           
     Net income (loss)                            -     ($7,510)          ($553)   ($8,063)
                                    ----------------  ----------  -------------- ----------
                                    ----------------  ----------  -------------- ----------

<CAPTION>

                                            For the years ended December 31,               
                                                          1996                             
                                     ------------------------------------------------------
                                              SDG        Other       Management     Total  
                                           Macerich      Joint        Companies            
                                       Properties, L.P.  Ventures                          
                                     ----------------- --------- --------------- --------- 
<S>                                  <C>               <C>       <C>             <C>
Revenues                                            -   $11,061          $3,919   $14,980  
                                     ----------------- --------- --------------- --------- 
                                                                                           
Expenses:                                                                                  
     Management Company expense                     -         -           3,747     3,747  
     Shopping center expenses                       -     3,856               -     3,856  
     Interest                                       -     2,141              (6)    2,135  
     Depreciation and amortization                  -     1,950             146     2,096  
                                     ----------------- --------- --------------- --------- 
     Total operating costs                          -     7,947           3,887    11,834  
                                     ----------------- --------- --------------- --------- 
                                                                                           
Gain (loss) on sale                                                                        
     or write down of assets                        -       110               -       110  
                                     ----------------- --------- --------------- --------- 
                                                                                           
     Net income (loss)                              -    $3,224             $32    $3,256  
                                     ----------------- --------- --------------- --------- 
                                     ----------------- --------- --------------- --------- 

</TABLE>

                                      51

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)


4.       PROPERTY:

                  Property is summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         December 31,
                                              ------------------------------------
                                                   1998                1997
                                                   ----                ----
<S>                                           <C>                 <C>
Land                                                $422,592             $313,050
Building improvements                              1,684,188            1,235,459
Tenant improvements                                   47,808               38,097
Equipment & furnishings                                9,097                7,576
Construction in progress                              49,440               13,247
                                              ---------------     ----------------
                                                   2,213,125            1,607,429

Less, accumulated depreciation                      (246,280)            (200,250)
                                              ---------------     ----------------

                                                  $1,966,845           $1,407,179
                                              ---------------     ----------------
                                              ---------------     ----------------

</TABLE>

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997 was $46,041
and $35,835, respectively.

5. DEFERRED CHARGES AND OTHER ASSETS:


                  Deferred charges and other assets are summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                December 31,
                                                 -------------------------------------------
                                                        1998                  1997
                                                        ----                  ----
<S>                                              <C>                  <C>
Leasing                                                      $30,338                $28,101
Financing                                                     19,137                 14,396
                                                 -------------------- ----------------------
                                                              49,475                 42,497
Less, accumulated amortization                              (20,108)               (18,127)
                                                 -------------------- ----------------------
                                                              29,367                 24,370
Other assets                                                  33,306                 13,529
                                                 -------------------- ----------------------
                                                             $62,673                $37,899
                                                 -------------------- ----------------------
                                                 -------------------- ----------------------

</TABLE>

                                      52

<PAGE>


                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

6.  MORTGAGE NOTES PAYABLE:
      Mortgage notes payable at December 31, 1998 and December 31, 1997 consist
      of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                         Carrying Amount of Notes
                                    ------------------------------------
                                         1998                1997
                                    -------------     ------------------
Property Pledged                            Related              Related      Interest      Payment        Maturity
  As Collateral                     Other    Party      Other     Party         Rate         Terms           Date
- ----------------                    -----    -----      -----     -----         ----         -----           ----
<S>                            <C>         <C>       <C>        <C>         <C>           <C>             <C>
Capitola Mall                          --   $37,345        --    $37,675       9.25%             316(d)      2001
Carmel Plaza (k)                  $25,000        --        --         --       7.54%      interest only      1999
Chesterfield Towne Center          65,064        --   $65,708         --       9.07%             548(e)      2024
Chesterfield Towne Center           3,266        --     3,359         --       8.54%              31(d)      1999
Citadel                            74,575        --    75,600         --       7.20%             554(d)      2008
Corte Madera, Village at (k)       60,000        --        --         --       7.28%      interest only      1999
Crossroads Mall-Boulder (a)            --    35,280        --     35,638       7.08%             244(d)      2010
Fresno Fashion Fair (j)            69,000        --    38,000         --       6.52%      interest only      2008
Greeley Mall                       17,055        --    17,815         --       8.50%             187(d)      2003
Green Tree Mall/Crossroads -  OK/     
  Salisbury (b)                   117,714        --   117,714         --       7.23%      interest only      2004
Holiday Village                        --    17,000        --     17,000       6.75%      interest only      2001
Lakewood Mall (c)                 127,000        --   127,000         --       7.20%      interest only      2005
Northgate Mall                         --    25,000        --     25,000       6.75%      interest only      2001
Northwest Arkansas Mall            63,000        --        --         --       7.33%             434(d)      2009
Parklane Mall                          --    20,000        --     20,000       6.75%      interest only      2001
Queens Center                      65,100        --    65,100         --         (f)      interest only      1999
Rimrock Mall                       31,002        --    31,517         --       7.70%             244(d)      2003
South Plains Mall                  28,795        --        --         --     6.3%(i)             348(d)      2008
South Towne Center (g)             64,000        --    65,000         --       6.61%      interest only      2008
Valley View Center                 51,000        --    51,000         --       7.89%      interest only      2006 
Villa Marina Marketplace           58,000        --    58,000         --       7.23%      interest only      2006 
Vintage Faire Mall (h)             54,522        --    55,433         --       7.65%             427(d)      2003 
Westside Pavilion                 100,000        --        --         --       6.67%      interest only      2008
                               ----------  --------  --------   --------
    Total                      $1,074,093  $134,625  $771,246   $135,313
                               ----------  --------  --------   --------
                               ----------  --------  --------   --------

Weighted average interest rate at December 31, 1998                            7.24%
                                                                               -----
                                                                               -----
Weighted average interest rate at December 31, 1997                            7.42%
                                                                               -----
                                                                               -----

</TABLE>

(a)   This note was issued at a discount. The discount is being
      amortized over the life of the loan using the effective interest
      method. At December 31, 1998 and December 31, 1997 the unamortized
      discount was $397 and $430, respectively.

(b)   This loan is cross collateralized by Green Tree Mall, Crossroads
      Mall-Oklahoma and the Centre at Salisbury.

(c)   On August 15, 1995, the Company issued $127,000 of collateralized
      floating rate notes (the "Notes"). The Notes bear interest at an
      average fixed rate of 7.20% and mature in July 2005. The Notes
      require the Company to deposit all cash flow from the property
      operations with a trustee to meet its obligations under the Notes.
      Cash in excess of the required amount, as defined, is released.
      Included in cash and cash equivalents is $750 of restricted cash
      deposited with the trustee at December 31, 1998 and at 1997.

(d)   This represents the monthly payment of principal and interest.


                                      53
<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

6.  MORTGAGE NOTES PAYABLE, CONTINUED:

(e)   This amount represents the monthly payment of principal and
      interest. In addition, contingent interest, as defined in the loan
      agreement, may be due to the extent that 35% of the amount by
      which the property's gross receipts (as defined in the loan
      agreement) exceeds a base amount specified therein. Contingent
      interest expense recognized by the Company was $387 for the year
      ended December 31, 1998 and $98 for the year ended December 31,
      1997.

(f)   This loan bore interest at LIBOR plus 0.45%. There was an interest
      rate protection agreement in place on the first $10,200 of this
      debt with a LIBOR ceiling of 5.88% through maturity with the
      remaining principal having an interest rate cap with a LIBOR
      ceiling of 7.07% through 1997 and 7.7% thereafter. This loan was
      paid in full on February 4, 1999 and refinanced with a new loan
      of $100,000, with interest at 6.74%, maturing in 2009.

(g)   At December 31, 1997, this loan had an interest rate of LIBOR plus
      1%, which totaled 6.9%. In July 1998, this loan was reduced by
      $1,000 and converted into a fixed rate loan bearing interest at
      6.61% and maturing in 2008.

(h)   Included in cash and cash equivalents is $3,048 and $3,030 at
      December 31, 1998 and 1997 respectively, of cash restricted under
      the terms of this loan agreement.

(i)   This note was assumed at acquisition. At the time of acquisition
      in June 1998, this debt was recorded at fair market value and the
      premium is being amortized as interest expense over the life of
      the loan using the effective interest method. The monthly debt
      service payment is $348 per month and is calculated based on a
      12.5% interest rate. At December 31, 1998, the unamortized premium
      was $6,165. On February 17, 1999, the loan was paid in full and
      was refinanced with a new loan of $65,000, with interest at 7.49%,
      maturing in 2009.

(j)   The Company incurred a loss on early extinguishment of the old debt in 
      1998 for $2,345.

(k)   These loans bear interest at LIBOR plus 2.0%.


Certain mortgage loan agreements contain a prepayment penalty provision for 
the early extinguishment of the debt.

Total interest expense capitalized during 1998, 1997 and 1996 was $3,199, 
$2,224, and $461, respectively.

The market value of mortgage notes payable at December 31, 1998 and December 
31, 1997 is estimated to be approximately $1,271,853 and $1,013,000, 
respectively, based on current interest rates for comparable loans.

The above debt matures as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 Years Ending
                 December 31,
                 ------------
                 <S>                                 <C>
                      1999                               $160,770
                      2000                                  8,159
                      2001                                107,461
                      2002                                 10,302
                      2003                                 99,832
                      2004 and beyond                     822,194
                                                      -----------
                                                       $1,208,718
                                                      -----------
                                                      -----------
</TABLE>

         Of the $160,770 maturing in 1999, $65.1 million was paid in full on
February 4, 1999 and refinanced with a new $100 million fixed rate loan at an
interest rate of 6.74%. The Company is currently in negotiations to refinance
the remaining debt maturing in 1999.

                                      54

<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

7.       BANK NOTES PAYABLE:

         At December 31, 1997, the Company had $55,000 of borrowings outstanding
     under its $60,000 unsecured credit facility, which bore interest at LIBOR
     plus 1.325%. On February 26, 1998, the Company increased this credit
     facility to $150,000 with a maturity of February 2000, currently bearing
     interest at LIBOR plus 1.15%. The interest rate on such credit facility
     fluctuates between 0.95% and 1.15% over LIBOR. As of December 31, 1998,
     $137,000 of borrowings was outstanding under this line of credit at an
     interest rate of 6.79%.

         Additionally, the Company had issued $776 in letters of credit
     guaranteeing performance by the Company of certain events. The Company does
     not believe that these letters of credit will result in a liability to the
     Company.

         During January 1999, the Company entered into a bank construction loan
     agreement to fund $89,200 of costs related to the development of Pacific
     View. The loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 2.25% and matures in February
     2001. Principal is drawn as construction costs are incurred.

8.       CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES:

         During 1997, the Company issued and sold $161,400 of convertible
     subordinated debentures (the "Debentures") due 2002. The Debentures, which
     were sold at par, bear interest at 7.25% annually (payable semi-annually)
     and are convertible at any time, on or after 60 days, from the date of
     issue at a conversion price of $31.125 per share. The Debentures mature on
     December 15, 2002 and are callable by the Company after June 15, 2002 at
     par plus accrued interest.

9.       RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS:

         The Company engaged the Management Companies to manage the operations
     of its properties and certain unconsolidated joint ventures. During 1998,
     1997 and 1996 management fees of $2,817, $2,219 and $1,788, respectively,
     were paid to the Management Companies by the Company.

         Certain mortgage notes are held by one of the Company's joint venture
     partners. Interest expense in connection with these notes was $10,224,
     $10,287 and $10,168 for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996,
     respectively. Included in accounts payables and accrued expense is interest
     payable to these partners of $512, $518, $516 at December 31, 1998, 1997
     and 1996, respectively.

         Included in due to affiliates at December 31, 1997 is $14,800, which is
     a note payable to the Management Companies for the purchase of Great Falls
     Marketplace. The note was paid in full in February 1998.

         In 1997, certain executive officers, received loans from the Company
     totaling $5,500. These loans are full recourse to the executives. $5,000 of
     the loans were issued under the terms of the employee stock incentive plan,
     bear interest at 7%, are due in 2007 and are secured by Company common
     stock owned by the executives. The remaining loan is non interest bearing
     and is forgiven ratably over a five year term. These loans receivable are
     included in other assets at December 31, 1998 and 1997.

         Certain Company officers and affiliates have guaranteed mortgages of
     $21,750 at one of the Company's joint venture properties and $2,000 at
     Greeley Mall.


                                           55



<PAGE>


                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)


10.      FUTURE RENTAL REVENUES:

         Under existing noncancellable operating lease agreements, tenants are
     committed to pay the following minimum rental payments to the Company:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  Years Ending
                  December 31,
                  ------------
                  <S>                                           <C> 
                        1999                                      $181,782
                        2000                                       168,307
                        2001                                       151,387
                        2002                                       138,468
                        2003                                       124,028
                        2004 and beyond                            521,784
                                                                   -------
                                                                $1,285,756
                                                                ----------
                                                                ----------
</TABLE>


11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:

         The Company has certain properties subject to noncancellable operating
     ground leases. The leases expire at various times through 2070, subject in
     some cases to options to extend the terms of the lease. Certain leases
     provide for contingent rent payments based on a percentage of base rental
     income, as defined. Ground rent expenses were $1,125 (including contingent
     rent of $0) in 1998, $817 (including contingent rent of $0) in 1997 and
     $704 (including contingent rents of $0) in 1996.

         Minimum future rental payments required under the leases are as
     follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  Years Ending
                  December 31,
                  -------------
                  <S>                                           <C>
                        1999                                      $593,259
                        2000                                       593,359
                        2001                                       586,859
                        2002                                       586,859
                        2003                                       602,175
                        2004 and beyond                         32,351,034
                                                                ----------
                                                                $35,313,545
                                                                ----------
                                                                ----------
</TABLE>


         Perchloroethylene (PCE) has been detected in soil and groundwater in
the vicinity of a dry cleaning establishment at North Valley Plaza, formerly
owned by a joint venture of which the Company was a 50% member. The property was
sold on December 18, 1997. The California Department of Toxic Substances Control
(DTSC) advised the Company in 1995 that very low levels of Dichloroethylene (1,2
DCE), a degradation byproduct of PCE, had been detected in a municipal water
well located 1/4 mile west of the dry cleaners, and that the dry cleaning
facility may have contributed to the introduction of 1,2 DCE into the water
well. According to DTSC, the maximum contaminant level (MCL) for 1,2 DCE which
is permitted in drinking water is 6 parts per billion (ppb). The 1,2 DCE was
detected in the water well at a concentration of 1.2 ppb, which is below the
MCL. The Company has retained an environmental consultant and has initiated
extensive testing of the site. Remediation began in October 1997. The joint
venture agreed (between itself and the buyer) that it would be responsible for
continuing to pursue the investigation and remediation of impacted soil and
groundwater resulting from releases of PCE from the former dry cleaner. $153 and
$124 have already been incurred by the joint venture for remediation, and
professional and legal fees for the periods ending December 31, 1998 and 1997,
respectively. An additional $408 remains reserved by the joint venture as of
December 31, 1998. The joint venture has been sharing costs on a 50/50 basis
with a former owner of the property and intends to look to additional
responsible parties for recovery.


                                       56

<PAGE>



                                 THE MACERICH COMPANY
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                   (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)


11.      COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, CONTINUED:

         Low levels of toluene, a petroleum constituent, was detected in one of
three groundwater dewatering system holding tanks at Queens Center. Although the
Company believes that no remediation will be required, the Company established a
$150 reserve in 1996 to cover professional fees and testing costs, which was
reduced by costs incurred of $2 and $18 for the twelve months ending December
31, 1998 and 1997, respectively. The Company intends to look to the responsible
parties and insurers if remediation is required.

         The Company acquired Fresno Fashion Fair in December 1996. Asbestos has
been detected in structural fireproofing throughout much of the Center. Testing
data conducted by professional environmental consulting firms indicates that the
fireproofing is largely inaccessible to building occupants and is well adhered
to the structural members. Additionally, airborne concentrations of asbestos
were well within OSHA's permissible exposure limit (PEL) of .1 fcc. The
accounting for this acquisition includes a reserve of $3,300 to cover future
removal of this asbestos, as necessary. The Company incurred $255 and $170 in
remediation costs for the twelve months ending December 31, 1998 and 1997,
respectively.

12.      PROFIT SHARING PLAN:

         The Management Companies and the Company have a retirement profit
     sharing plan that was established in 1984 covering substantially all of
     their eligible employees. The plan is qualified in accordance with section
     401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. Effective January 1, 1995 this plan
     was modified to include a 401(k) plan whereby employees can elect to defer
     compensation subject to Internal Revenue Service withholding rules.
     Contributions by the Management Companies are made at the discretion of the
     Board of Directors and are based upon a specified percentage of employee
     compensation. The Management Companies and the Company contributed $513,
     $400, $350 to the plan in 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively.

13.      STOCK OPTION PLAN:

         The Company has established an employee stock incentive plan under
     which stock options or restricted stock may be awarded for the purpose of
     attracting and retaining executive officers, directors and key employees.
     The Company has issued options to employees and directors to purchase
     shares of the Company under the stock incentive plan. The term of these
     options is ten years from the grant date. These options generally vest 33
     1/3% per year over three years and were issued and are exercisable at the
     market value of the common stock at the grant date.

         In addition, the Company has established a plan for non employee
     directors. The non employee director options have a term of ten years from
     the grant date, vest six months after grant and are issued at the market
     value of the common stock on the grant date. The plan reserved 25,000
     shares, all of which were granted as of December 31, 1998.


         215,215 shares of restricted stock also have been issued under the
     employees stock incentive plan to executives. These awards are granted
     based on certain performance criteria for the Company. The restricted stock
     generally vests over 5 years and the compensation expense related to these
     grants is determined by market value at vesting date and is amortized over
     the vesting period on a straight line basis. As of December 31, 1998 and
     1997, 26,039 and 8,248 shares, respectively, of restricted stock had
     vested. A total of 83,018 shares at a weighted average price of $28.71 were
     issued in 1998, 89,958 shares at a weighted average price of $27.46 were
     issued in 1997 and 41,238 shares at a weighted average price of $20.70 were
     issued during 1996 and no shares were issued or outstanding in 1995.
     Restricted stock is subject to restrictions determined by the Company's
     compensation committee. Restricted stock has the same dividend and voting
     rights as common stock and is considered issued when vested. Compensation
     expense for restricted stock was $944, $239 and $0 in 1998, 1997 and 1996,
     respectively.

         Approximately 803,000 and 692,000 additional shares were reserved and
     were available for issuance under the stock incentive plan at December 31,
     1998 and 1997, respectively. The plan allows for granting options or
     restricted stock at market value.


                                        57

<PAGE>


                                THE MACERICH COMPANY
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                   (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)


13.      STOCK OPTION PLAN, CONTINUED:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                                                       Average
                                               Employee Plan                Director Plan                            Exercise Price
                                          ------------------------    --------------------------      # of Options   On Exercisable
                                                      Option Price               Option Price         Exercisable       Options
                                           Shares       Per Share     Shares       Per Share          At Year End    At Year End
                                           ------       ---------     ------     ------------         -----------    --------------
<S>                                       <C>        <C>              <C>         <C>                 <C>           <C>
Shares outstanding at December 31, 1994   1,148,000  $19.00-$19.63     17,500     $19.00-$21.38
     Granted                                115,000  $       20.25      5,000     $       20.00
     Exercised                               (2,000) $       19.00          -                 -
     Forfeited                               (6,500)             -          -                 -          399,784          $19.02
                                          ---------- ---------------- --------  ----------------      -----------     ------------
                                                                                                      -----------     ------------

Shares outstanding at December 31, 1995   1,254,500    $19.00-$20.25   22,500     $19.00-$21.38
                                                     ----------------           ----------------

     Granted                                281,000    $       21.62    5,000     $       26.12
     Exercised                              (16,000)   $       19.00        -                 -
     Forfeited                               (7,166)               -        -                 -
                                          ---------- ---------------- --------  ----------------

Shares outstanding at December 31, 1996   1,512,334  $19.00 - $21.62   27,500   $19.00 - $26.12           793,697          $19.09
                                                     ----------------           ----------------      -----------     ------------
                                                                                                      -----------     ------------
     Granted                                369,109    $26.50-$26.88    5,000   $         28.50
     Exercised                             (253,552)   $       19.00        -                 -
     Forfeited                               (8,000)               -        -                 -
                                          ---------- ---------------- --------  ----------------

Shares outstanding at December 31, 1997   1,619,891    $19.00-$26.88   32,500     $19.00-$28.50          1,230,227         $20.58
                                                     ----------------                                 ------------    ----------- 
                                                                                                       -----------    ----------- 
     Granted                                412,500            27.38    5,000    $       25.625
     Exercised                              (66,080)           19.00   (7,000)   $19.00-$21.375
     Forfeited                                                     -        -
                                          ---------- ---------------- --------  ----------------

Shares outstanding at December 31, 1998   1,966,311  $19.00-$27.38     30,500   $19.00-$28.50            1,330,654         $19.38
                                          ---------- ---------------- --------  ----------------      ------------     ------------ 
                                          ---------- ---------------- --------  ----------------      ------------     ------------ 
</TABLE>

         The weighted average exercise price for options granted in 1995 was
   $20.25, in 1996 was $21.65, in 1997 was $27.06 and in 1998 was $27.38.

         The weighted average remaining contractual life for options outstanding
     at December 31, 1998 was 5 years and the weighted average remaining
     contractual life for options exercisable at December 31, 1998 was 5 years.

         The Company records options granted using Accounting Principles Board
     (APB) opinion Number 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees and
     Related Interpretations." Accordingly, no compensation expense is
     recognized on the date the options are granted. If the Company had recorded
     compensation expense using the methodology prescribed in Financial
     Accounting Standards Number 123, the Company's net income would have been
     reduced by approximately $228 or $0.00 per share for the year ended
     December 31, 1998 and $108 or $0.00 per share for the year ended December
     31, 1997.

     The weighted average fair value of options granted during 1998 and 1997
     were $2.01 and $2.51, respectively. The fair value of each option grant
     issued in 1998 and 1997 is estimated at the date of grant using the
     Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average
     assumptions: (a) dividend yield of 7.8% in 1998 and 7.0% in 1997, (b)
     expected volatility of the Company's stock of 17.26% in 1998 and 14.9% in
     1997, (c) a risk free interest rate based on U.S. Zero Coupon Bonds with
     time of maturity approximately equal to the options' expected time to
     exercise and (d) expected option lives of five and seven years for options
     granted in 1998 and 1997, respectively.


                                       58

<PAGE>


                             THE MACERICH COMPANY
                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)


14.      DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS:

     The Company has established deferred compensation plans under which key
executives of the Company may elect to defer receiving a portion of their cash
compensation otherwise payable in one calendar year until a later year. The
Company may, as determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion,
credit a participant's account with an amount equal to a percentage of the
participant's deferral. The Company contributed $295 during 1998 and $154 during
1997 to two of these plans.

     In addition, certain executives have split dollar life insurance agreements
with the Company whereby the Company generally pays annual premiums on a life
insurance policy in an amount equal to the executives deferral under one of the
Company's deferred compensation plans.

15.      ACQUISITIONS:

     South Towne Center was acquired on March 27, 1997. South Towne Center is a
1,240,143 square foot super regional mall located in Sandy, Utah. The purchase
price was $98,000, consisting of $52,000 of cash and $46,000 of assumed mortgage
indebtedness.

     Stonewood Mall is a super regional mall in Downey, California which the
Company acquired on August 6, 1997. Stonewood Mall contains 927,218 square feet
and the purchase price was $92,000 which was funded with $58,000 in proceeds
from a 10 year fixed rate loan placed concurrently on Villa Marina Marketplace
and the balance from cash on hand.

     Manhattan Village located in Manhattan Beach, California was purchased by a
joint venture on August 19, 1997. The Company owns a 10% interest in the joint
venture. Manhattan Village is a regional center with a total of 551,685 square
feet of retail, restaurant and entertainment space. The purchase price was
$66,600.

     The Citadel, a 1,044,852 square foot super regional mall in Colorado
Springs, Colorado was purchased on December 19, 1997 for $108,000. The purchase
price was funded by a concurrently placed loan of $75,600 plus $32,400 in cash.

     Great Falls Marketplace is a 143,570 square foot community center developed
by the Management Companies and sold to the Company on December 31, 1997. The
purchase price of $14,800 approximates the cost incurred by the Management
Companies to acquire and develop the site.

     On February 27, 1998, the Company, through a 50/50 joint venture with an
affiliate of Simon Property Group, Inc., acquired the ERE Yarmouth portfolio of
twelve regional malls. The properties in the portfolio comprise 10.7 million
square feet and are located in eight states. The total purchase price was $974.5
million, which included $485.0 million of assumed debt, at market value. The
Company's share of the cash component of the purchase price was funded by
issuing $100.0 million of Series A Preferred Stock, $80.0 million of common
stock and borrowing the balance from the Company's line of credit.

     South Plains Mall was acquired on June 19, 1998. South Plains Mall is a
1,140,574 square foot super regional mall located in Lubbock, Texas. The
purchase price was $115.5 million, consisting of $29.3 million of assumed debt,
at fair market value, and $86.2 million of cash. The cash portion was funded
with a portion of the proceeds from the Company's Series B cumulative
convertible redeemable preferred stock ("Series B Preferred Stock") offering.

     Westside Pavilion was acquired on July 1, 1998 for $170.5 million. Westside
Pavilion is a 755,759 square foot regional mall located in Los Angeles,
California. The purchase price was funded with a portion of the proceeds from
the Company's Series B Preferred Stock offering, borrowings under the Company's
line of credit and the placement of a ten year $100.0 million mortgage secured
by the property.


                                       59


<PAGE>

                             THE MACERICH COMPANY
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

15.      ACQUISITIONS, CONTINUED:

         The Village at Corte Madera is a 428,398 square foot regional mall in
Corte Madera, California, which the Company acquired in two phases: (i) 40% on
June 16, 1998 and (ii) the remaining 60% on July 24, 1998. In addition, Carmel
Plaza, a 115,215 square foot community shopping center in Carmel, California was
acquired on August 10, 1998. The combined purchase price was $165.5 million,
consisting of $40.0 million of assumed debt, the issuance of $7.9 million of OP
Units and $117.6 million in cash. The cash component was funded by borrowings
under the Company's line of credit.

         Northwest Arkansas Mall was acquired on December 15, 1998. Northwest
Arkansas Mall is a 780,237 square foot regional mall located in Fayetteville,
Arkansas. The purchase price of $94.0 million was funded by a concurrently
placed loan of $63.0 million and borrowings of $31.0 million under the Company's
line of credit.

         See "Note 20 - Subsequent Events" for description of an acquisition
occurring in February 1999.

16.      UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION:

     The following unaudited pro forma financial information combines the
     consolidated results of operations of the Company for 1998 and 1997 as if
     the 1998 Acquisitions had occurred on January 1, 1997, after giving effect
     to certain adjustments, including depreciation, interest expense relating
     to debt incurred to finance the acquisitions and general and administrative
     expense to manage the properties. The pro forma information is based on
     assumptions management believes to be appropriate. The pro forma
     information is not necessarily indicative of what the actual results would
     have been had the acquisitions occurred at the beginning of the period
     indicated, nor does it purport to project the Company's financial position
     or results of operations at any future date or for any future period.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Years ended December 31,
                                                                          1998          1997
                                                                          ----          ----
<S>                                                                    <C>           <C>
Revenues                                                                 $319,946     $280,279

Income before minority interest and extraordinary items                    44,442       19,944

Income before extraordinary items                                          33,319       14,837

Net income                                                                 47,883       30,505

Net income - available to common stockholders                              30,884       14,282

Per share income before extraordinary items                                 $0.98        $0.44

Net income per share - available to common stockholders - basic             $0.91        $0.42

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic               33,902       33,811

Per share income before extraordinary items                                 $0.95        $0.43

Net income per share - available to common stockholders - diluted           $0.90        $0.42

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted             46,725       46,323
</TABLE>


                                     60
<PAGE>


                             THE MACERICH COMPANY
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

17.      PREFERRED STOCK:

      On February 25, 1998, the Company issued 3,627,131 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock for proceeds totaling $100,000 in a private placement. The
preferred stock can be converted on a one for one basis into common stock and
will pay a quarterly dividend equal to the greater of $0.46 per share, or the
dividend then payable on a share of common stock.

      On June 17, 1998, the Company issued 5,487,471 shares of Series B
Preferred Stock for proceeds totaling $150,000 in a private placement. The
preferred stock can be converted on a one for one basis into common stock and
will pay a quarterly dividend equal to the greater of $0.46 per share, or the
dividend then payable on a share of common stock.

     No dividends will be declared or paid on any class of common or other
junior stock to the extent that dividends on Series A Preferred Stock and Series
B Preferred Stock have not been declared and/or paid.

18.      QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED):

     The following is a summary of periodic results of operations for 1998 and
1997:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     1998 Quarter Ended                              1997 Quarter Ended
                                       ----------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------
                                         Dec 31      Sept 30     June 30     Mar 31      Dec 31      Sept 30    June 30     Mar 31
                                        -------     --------    --------    -------     -------     --------   --------    -------
<S>                                   <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>
Revenues                                $86,200      $75,079    $61,407     $61,175     $61,529     $57,032     $52,350     $50,303
Income before minority interest                                                                                            
     and extraordinary items             23,583       12,653     12,607      10,569      10,626       2,792       9,839       9,911
Income before                                                                                                              
     extraordinary items                 13,780        6,903      7,368       6,912       7,253       1,921       6,684       6,743
                                                                                                                           
Net income - available to common                                                                                           
     stockholders                        13,759        4,579      7,368       6,822       7,253       1,870       6,180       6,743
                                                                                                                           
Income before extraordinary                                                                                                
     items per share                      $0.42        $0.23      $0.24       $0.25       $0.28       $0.07       $0.25       $0.26
                                                                                                                           
Net income - available to common                                                                                           
    stockholders per share - basic        $0.42        $0.15      $0.24       $0.25       $0.28       $0.07       $0.24       $0.26
</TABLE>


19.      SEGMENT INFORMATION:

         During 1998, the Company adopted SFAS No. 131, "Disclosures about
     Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information." SFAS No. 131
     established standards for disclosure about operating segments and related
     disclosures about products and services, geographic areas, and major
     customers. The Company currently operates in one business segment, the
     acquisition, ownership, redevelopment, management and leasing of regional
     and community shopping centers. Additionally, the Company operates in one
     geographic area, the United States.

20.      SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (UNAUDITED):

         On February 10, 1999 a dividend/distribution of $0.485 per share was
     declared for common stockholders and OP Unit holders of record on February
     18, 1999. In addition, the Company declared a dividend of $0.485 on the
     Company's Series A Preferred Stock and a dividend of $0.485 on the
     Company's Series B Preferred Stock. All dividends/distributions will be
     payable on March 8, 1999.

         On February 18, 1999, through a 51/49 joint venture with Ontario
     Teachers' Pension Plan Board, the Company closed on the first phase of a
     two phase acquisition of a portfolio of properties. The phase one closing
     included the acquisition of three regional malls, the retail component of a
     mixed-use development, five contiguous properties and two non-contiguous
     community shopping centers comprising approximately 3.6 million square feet
     for a total purchase price of approximately $427.0 million. The purchase
     price was funded with a $120.0 million loan placed concurrently with the
     closing, $140.4 million of debt from an affiliate of the seller, and $39.4
     million of assumed debt. The balance of the purchase price was paid in
     cash. The Company's share of the cash component was funded with the
     proceeds from two refinancings of centers and borrowings under the
     Company's line of credit.

                                      61
<PAGE>


                         INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT



The Partners
SDG Macerich Properties, L.P.:


We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of SDG Macerich Properties, 
L.P. as of December 31, 1998, and the related statements of operations, cash 
flows, and partners' equity for the year then ended. In connection with our 
audit of the financial statements, we have also audited the related financial 
statement schedule (Schedule III). These financial statements and the 
financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Partnership's 
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial 
statements and the financial statement schedule based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free 
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, 
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and 
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall 
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a 
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in 
all material respects, the financial position of SDG Macerich Properties, 
L.P. as of December 31, 1998, and the results of its operations and its cash 
flows for the year then ended in conformity with generally accepted 
accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement 
schedule (Schedule III), when considered in relation to the basic financial 
statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the 
information set forth therein.



KPMG LLP
Indianapolis, Indiana
February 11, 1999



                                      62
<PAGE>

                           SDG MACERICH PROPERTIES, L.P.
                                          
                                   Balance Sheet
                                          
                                 December 31, 1998
                                          
                               (Dollars in thousands)
                                          


<TABLE>

<S>                                                              <C>
                              ASSETS
Properties:
  Land                                                             $   199,377
  Building and Improvements                                            804,724
  Equipment and furnishings                                                472
                                                                   -----------
                                                                     1,004,573
  Less accumulated depreciation                                         17,383
                                                                   -----------
                                                                       987,190
Cash and cash equivalents                                                9,156
Tenant receivables, including accrued revenue
  less allowance for doubtful accounts of $804                          20,579
Prepaid real estate taxes and other assets                               1,096
                                                                   -----------

                                                                   $ 1,018,021
                                                                   -----------
                                                                   -----------

                   LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' EQUITY

Mortgage notes payable                                             $   505,868
Accounts payable                                                        10,935
Due to affiliates                                                          443
Accrued real estate taxes                                               12,423
Accrued interest expense                                                 1,562
Accrued management and leasing fees                                        249
Other liabilities                                                        1,503
                                                                   -----------

     Total liabilities                                                 532,983

Partners' equity                                                       485,038
                                                                   -----------

                                                                   $ 1,018,021
                                                                   -----------
                                                                   -----------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to financial statements.


                                          63
<PAGE>

                           SDG MACERICH PROPERTIES, L.P.
                                          
                              Statement of Operations
                                          
                            Year ended December 31, 1998
                                          
                               (Dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>

<S>                                                                 <C>
Revenues:
  Minimum rents                                                     $   72,016
  Overage rents                                                          5,782
  Tenant recoveries                                                     35,806
  Other                                                                  1,822
                                                                    ----------

                                                                       115,426
                                                                    ----------
Expenses:
  Property operations                                                   13,561
  Depreciation of properties                                            17,383
  Real estate taxes                                                     13,577
  Repairs and maintenance                                                6,312
  Advertising and promotion                                              5,013
  Management fees                                                        3,062
  Provision for credit losses                                              809
  Interest on mortgage notes                                            26,432
  Other                                                                    231
                                                                    ----------

                                                                        86,380
                                                                    ----------

     Net income                                                     $   29,046
                                                                    ----------
                                                                    ----------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to financial statements.


                                          64
<PAGE>

                           SDG MACERICH PROPERTIES, L.P.
                                          
                              Statement of Cash Flows
                                          
                            Year ended December 31, 1998
                                          
                               (Dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>

<S>                                                                           <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income                                                                  $   29,046
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
    cash provided by operating activities:
      Depreciation of properties                                                  17,383
      Amortization of debt premium                                                (1,843)
      Change in receivables                                                      (14,452)
      Change in accrued real estate taxes                                           (527)
      Other items                                                                  8,871
                                                                              ----------

          Net cash provided by operating activities                               38,478
                                                                              ----------

Cash flows from investing activities:
  Acquisition of properties, net of mortgage notes payable assumed              (480,392)
  Improvements to properties                                                      (4,922)
                                                                              ----------

          Net cash used by investing activities                                 (485,314)
                                                                              ----------

Cash flows from financing activities:
  Contributions by partners                                                      480,392
  Distributions to partners                                                      (24,400)
                                                                              ----------
          Net cash provided by financing activities                              455,992
                                                                              ----------
          Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                9,156

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                        --
                                                                              ----------

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                       $   9,156
                                                                              ----------
                                                                              ----------

Supplemental cash flow information:
  Cash payments for interest                                                   $  26,713
                                                                              ----------
                                                                              ----------

  Non-cash transaction:
    Fair value of mortgage notes payable assumed with properties acquired      $ 507,711
    Fair value of other liabilities, net, assumed with properties acquired        11,548
                                                                             -----------
                                                                             -----------
</TABLE>


See accompanying notes to financial statements.



                                          65
<PAGE>

                           SDG MACERICH PROPERTIES, L.P.
                                          
                           Statement of Partners' Equity
                                          
                            Year ended December 31, 1998
                                          
                               (Dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                      SIMON           THE   
                                    PROPERTY       MACERICH 
                                  GROUP, INC.       COMPANY 
                                   AFFILIATES     AFFILIATES        TOTAL  
                                  -----------     ----------      ---------
<S>                               <C>             <C>             <C>
Percentage ownership interest           50%            50%            100% 
                                   ----------     ----------      ---------
                                   ----------     ----------      ---------

Balance at January 1, 1998         $       --             --             --

  Contributions                       240,196        240,196        480,392

  Distributions                       (12,200)       (12,200)       (24,400)

  Net income for the year              14,523         14,523         29,046
                                   ----------     ----------      ---------

Balance at December 31, 1998       $  242,519        242,519        485,038
                                   ----------     ----------      ---------
                                   ----------     ----------      ---------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to financial statements.


                                          66
<PAGE>


                         SDG MACERICH PROPERTIES, L.P.

                         Notes to Financial Statements

                               December 31, 1998

                             (Dollars in thousands)

  (1)   GENERAL

        (A)   PARTNERSHIP ORGANIZATION

              On December 29, 1997, affiliates of Simon Property Group, Inc.
              (Simon) and affiliates of The Macerich Company (Macerich) formed a
              limited partnership to acquire and operate a portfolio of 12
              regional shopping centers. The Partnership acquired the properties
              on February 27, 1998. The accompanying financial statements
              include the results of operations of the properties since the date
              of acquisition.

        (B)   PROPERTIES

              Simon and Macerich have divided the property management services
              with affiliates of each company managing six of the shopping
              centers. The shopping centers and their locations are as follows:

              Simon managed properties:
                  South Park Mall                    Moline, Illinois
                  Valley Mall                        Harrisonburg, Virginia
                  Granite Run Mall                   Media, Pennsylvania
                  Eastland Mall                      Evansville, Indiana
                  Lake Square Mall                   Leesburg, Florida
                  North Park Mall                    Davenport, Iowa

              Macerich managed properties:
                  Lindale Mall                       Cedar Rapids, Iowa
                  Mesa Mall                          Grand Junction, Colorado
                  South Ridge Mall                   Des Moines, Iowa
                  Empire Mall and Empire East        Sioux Falls, South Dakota
                  Rushmore Mall                      Rapid City, South Dakota
                  Southern Hills Mall                Sioux City, Iowa

              The shopping center leases generally provide for fixed annual
              minimum rent, overage rent based on sales, and reimbursement for
              certain operating expenses, including real estate taxes. For
              leases in effect at December 31, 1998, fixed minimum rents to be
              received in each of the next five years and thereafter are
              summarized as follows:

<TABLE>

<S>                                                                  <C>
             1999                                                     $ 73,955
             2000                                                       66,828
             2001                                                       60,055
             2002                                                       54,013
             2003                                                       45,958
             Thereafter                                                157,741
                                                                      --------
                                                                      $458,550
                                                                      --------
                                                                      --------
</TABLE>

                                     67
<PAGE>

                         SDG MACERICH PROPERTIES, L.P.

                         Notes to Financial Statements

                               December 31, 1998

                             (Dollars in thousands)


(2)     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

        (A)   REVENUES

              All leases are classified as operating leases, and minimum rents
              are recognized monthly on a straight-line basis over the terms of
              the leases.

              Most retail tenants are also required to pay overage rents based
              on sales over a stated base amount during the lease year,
              generally ending on January 31. Overage rents are recognized as
              revenues based on reported and estimated sales for each tenant
              through December 31. Differences between estimated and actual
              amounts are recognized in the subsequent year.

              Tenant recoveries for real estate taxes and common area
              maintenance are adjusted annually based on the actual expenses,
              and the related revenues are recognized in the year in which the
              expenses are incurred. Charges for other operating expenses are
              billed monthly with periodic adjustments based on the estimated
              utility usage and/or a current price index, and the related
              revenues are recognized as the amounts are billed and as
              adjustments become determinable.

        (B)   CASH EQUIVALENTS

              All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of
              three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents.

        (C)   PROPERTIES

              Properties are recorded at cost and are depreciated using the
              straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
              as follows:


                   Buildings and improvements      39 years
                   Equipment and furnishings       5-7 years
                   Tenant improvements             Initial term of related lease

              Improvements and replacements are capitalized when they extend the
              useful life, increase capacity, or improve the efficiency of the
              asset. All other repairs and maintenance items are expensed as
              incurred.

              The Partnership assesses whether there has been an impairment in
              the value of its properties by considering factors such as
              expected future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as
              the effects of demand, competition and other economic factors.
              Such factors include the tenants ability to perform their duties
              and pay rent under the terms of the leases. The Partnership would
              recognize an impairment loss if the estimated future income stream
              is not sufficient to recover its investment. Such a loss would be
              the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of a
              property. Management believes no impairment in its net property
              carrying values has occurred at December 31, 1998.

                                     68


<PAGE>

                        SDG MACERICH PROPERTIES, L.P.

                        Notes to Financial Statements

                              December 31, 1998

                           (Dollars in thousands)

      (D)   USE OF ESTIMATES

            The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
            generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
            make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
            assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
            the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
            period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

      (E)   INCOME TAXES

            As a partnership, the allocated share of income or loss for the
            year is includable in the income tax returns of the partners;
            accordingly, income taxes are not reflected in the accompanying
            financial statements.

(3)   MORTGAGE NOTES PAYABLE AND FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      In connection with the acquisition of the shopping center properties,
      the Partnership assumed $485,000 of mortgage notes payable which are
      secured by liens on the properties. The notes consist of $300,000 of
      debt which is due in May 2006 and requires monthly interest payments at
      a fixed weighted average rate of 7.41% and $185,000 of debt which is due
      in May 2003 and requires monthly interest payments at a variable
      weighted average rate (based on LIBOR) of 6.15% at December 31, 1998.
      The variable rate debt is covered by an interest cap agreement which
      effectively prevents the variable rate from exceeding 11.53%.

      The fair value assigned to the $300,000 fixed-rate debt at the
      acquisition date based on an estimated market interest rate of 6.23% was
      $322,711, and the resultant debt premium is being amortized to interest
      expense over the remaining term of the debt using a level yield method.
      At December 31, 1998, the unamortized balance of the debt premium was
      $20,868.

      The fair value of the fixed-rate debt at December 31, 1998 based on an
      interest rate of 6.70% is estimated to be approximately $312,000. The
      $185,000 carrying value of the variable-rate debt and the Partnership's
      other financial instruments are estimated to equal their fair values.

(4)   MANAGEMENT SERVICES

      An affiliate of Simon manages six of the properties and an affiliate of
      Macerich manages the other six properties, both for a fee of 4% of gross
      receipts, as defined. Management fees incurred in 1998 totaled $1,592
      for the Simon-managed properties and $1,470 for the Macerich-managed
      properties.

(5)   CONTINGENT LIABILITY

      The Partnership currently is not involved with any litigation other than
      routine litigation and administrative proceedings arising in the
      ordinary course of business. On the basis of consultation with counsel,
      management believes that these items will not have a material adverse
      impact on the Company's financial statements.

                                     69

<PAGE>

                                  THE MACERICH COMPANY
                        REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                                     12/31/98
                                  (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        INITIAL COST TO COMPANY                 
                                 -------------------------------------          
                                                                       COST     
                                                        EQUIPMENT  CAPITALIZED  
                                         BUILDING AND      AND     SUBSEQUENT TO
                                  LAND   IMPROVEMENTS  FURNISHINGS ACQUISITION  
                               --------- ------------  ----------- -----------
<S>                            <C>       <C>           <C>         <C>
Shopping Centers:
Bristol Shopping Center              $0      $11,051          $0       $1,935   
Boulder Plaza                     2,650        7,950           0        2,157   
Capitola Mall                    11,312       46,689           0        1,335   
Carmel Plaza                      9,080       36,354           0          225   
Chesterfield Towne Center        18,517       72,936           2        8,638   
Citadel, The                     21,600       86,711           0        1,865   
Corte Madera, Village at         24,433       97,821           0          548   
County East Mall                  2,633       15,131         716       13,967   
Crossroads Mall - Boulder             0       37,528          64       32,775   
Crossroads Mall - Oklahoma       10,279       43,458         291        8,713   
Fresno Fashion Fair              17,966       72,194           0       (1,653)
Great Falls Marketplace           2,960       11,840           0            8   
Greeley Mall                      5,600       12,617          13        7,698   
Green Tree Mall                   4,947       14,893         332       23,246   
Holiday Village Shopping Mall     2,311       13,488         138       22,510   
Huntington Beach Center          11,868       11,867           0        4,123   
Lakewood Mall                    12,502       31,158         117       95,492   
Northgate Mall                    7,144       29,805         841       24,657   
Northwest Arkansas Mall          18,800       75,358           0            0   
Pacific View (formerly 
 known as Buenaventura Mall)      8,697        8,696           0       22,862   
Parklane Mall                     1,377       11,775         173       18,931   
Queens Center                    21,460       86,631           8        2,156   
Rimrock Mall                      8,737       35,652           0        1,519   
Salisbury, The Centre at         15,290       63,474          31        1,186   
South Plains Mall                23,100       92,728           0        1,183   
South Towne Center               19,600       78,954           0        4,768   
Stonewood Mall                   18,400       73,933           0        1,207   
Valley View Center               17,100       68,687           0        9,656   
Villa Marina Marketplace         15,852       65,441           0          679   
Vintage Faire Mall               14,902       60,532           0        2,213   
Westside Pavilion                34,100      136,819           0          412   

                              --------------------------------------------------
                               $383,217   $1,512,171      $2,726     $315,011   
                              --------------------------------------------------
                              --------------------------------------------------

<CAPTION>
                                 GROSS AMOUNT AT WHICH CARRIED AT CLOSE OF PERIOD                                 
                                -------------------------------------------------------                           
                                                      FURNITURE,                                       TOTAL COST 
                                                       FIXTURES                                          NET OF   
                                        BUILDING AND     AND      CONSTUCTION            ACCUMULATED   ACCUMULATED
                                  LAND  IMPROVEMENTS  EQUIPMENT   IN PROGRESS    TOTAL   DEPRECIATION DEPRECIATION
                               -------- ------------  ---------   ----------- ---------- ------------ ------------
<S>                            <C>      <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>          <C>
Shopping Centers:                                                                                                 
Bristol Shopping Center            $132     $12,851       $0            $3       $12,986     $5,651        $7,335 
Boulder Plaza                     2,919       9,838        0             0        12,757      2,887         9,870 
Capitola Mall                    11,309      47,989       38             0        59,336      3,816        55,520 
Carmel Plaza                      9,080      36,567       12             0        45,659        371        45,288 
Chesterfield Towne Center        18,517      79,399    2,038           139       100,093     11,790        88,303 
Citadel, The                     21,600      88,521       47             8       110,176      2,430       107,746 
Corte Madera, Village at         24,433      98,344       25             0       122,802      1,133       121,669 
County East Mall                  4,099      27,483      798            67        32,447     10,522        21,925 
Crossroads Mall - Boulder        21,616      42,154      128         6,469        70,367     23,384        46,983 
Crossroads Mall - Oklahoma       10,279      46,946      345         5,171        62,741      7,322        55,419 
Fresno Fashion Fair              17,966      70,380       43           118        88,507      3,753        84,754 
Great Falls Marketplace           2,960      11,848        0             0        14,808        305        14,503 
Greeley Mall                      5,600      20,222       98             8        25,928      9,911        16,017 
Green Tree Mall                   4,947      38,008      463             0        43,418     21,072        22,346 
Holiday Village Shopping Mall     3,500      34,737      210             0        38,447     20,743        17,704 
Huntington Beach Center          11,868      11,965       31         3,994        27,858        639        27,219 
Lakewood Mall                    24,916     113,408      651           294       139,269     46,588        92,681 
Northgate Mall                    8,400      53,045      935            67        62,447     19,406        43,041 
Northwest Arkansas Mall          18,800      75,358        0             0        94,158         90        94,068 
Pacific View (formerly 
 known as Buenaventura Mall)      8,697       8,794       18        22,746        40,255        471        39,784 
Parklane Mall                     2,426      25,213      402         4,215        32,256     16,457        15,799 
Queens Center                    21,454      87,400      634           767       110,255      6,873       103,382 
Rimrock Mall                      8,737      36,966      106            99        45,908      2,095        43,813 
Salisbury, The Centre at         15,284      64,219      478             0        79,981      5,884        74,097 
South Plains Mall                23,100      93,877       34             0       117,011      1,316       115,695 
South Towne Center               19,600      83,696       26             0       103,322      3,978        99,344 
Stonewood Mall                   18,400      74,908      232             0        93,540      2,756        90,784 
Valley View Center               17,100      73,059      631         4,653        95,443      4,447        90,996 
Villa Marina Marketplace         15,852      66,082       35             3        81,972      5,026        76,946 
Vintage Faire Mall               14,901      61,601      627           518        77,647      3,402        74,245 
Westside Pavilion                34,100     137,118       12           101       171,331      1,762       169,569 
                                                                                                                  
                              ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               $422,592  $1,731,996   $9,097       $49,440    $2,213,125   $246,280    $1,966,845 
                              ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                     70

<PAGE>

                                               THE MACERICH COMPANY
                                     REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                                                 DECEMBER 31, 1998
                                                  (IN THOUSANDS)

Depreciation and amortization of the Company's investment in buildings and 
improvements reflected in the statements

<TABLE>
<S>                                               <C>
Buildings and Improvements                        5 - 40 years
Tenant Improvements                               life of related lease
Equipment and Furnishings                         5 -7 years
</TABLE>

The changes in total real estate assets for the three years ended December 
31, 1998 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         1996          1997         1998
                                         ----          ----         ----
<S>                                  <C>              <C>         <C>
Balance, beginning of year               $833,998     $1,273,085  $1,607,429
Additions                                 439,087        334,344     605,696
Disposals and retirements                       0              0           0
                                     ----------------------------------------
Balance, end of year                   $1,273,085     $1,607,429  $2,213,125
                                     ----------------------------------------
                                     ----------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The changes in accumulated depreciation and amortization for the three years 
ended December 31, 1998 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         1996         1997         1998
                                         ----         ----         ----
<S>                                     <C>         <C>         <C>
Balance, beginning of year               $139,098   $164,417    $200,250
Additions                                  25,319     35,833      46,030
Disposals and retirements                       0          0           0
                                     ------------------------------------
Balance, end of year                     $164,417   $200,250    $246,280
                                     ------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                     71

<PAGE>

                    SDG MACERICH PROPERTIES, L.P.

        Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation

                          As of December 31, 1998
                          (Dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                         Initial Cost to Partnership                Costs
                                                          ---------------------------------------------------     Capitalized
                                                                            Building and          Equipment        Subsequent
Shopping Center (1)       Location                           Land           Improvements      and Furnishings   to Acquisition
- -------------------       --------                           ----           ------------      ---------------   --------------
<S>                       <C>                             <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>
Mesa Mall                 Grand Junction, Colorado         $ 11,155             44,635                    --            25  
Lake Square Mall          Leesburg, Florida                   7,348             29,392                    --           172  
South Park Mall           Moline, Illinois                   21,341             85,540                    --           522  
Eastland Mall             Evansville, Indiana                28,160            112,642                    --           833  
Lindale Mall              Cedar Rapids, Iowa                 12,534             50,151                    --           197  
North Park Mall           Davenport, Iowa                    17,210             69,042                    --           585  
South Ridge Mall          Des Moines, Iowa                   11,524             46,097                    --           993  
Granite Run Mall          Media, Pennsylvania                26,147            104,671                    --           536  
Rushmore Mall             Rapid City, South Dakota           12,089             50,588                    --            43  
Empire Mall               Sioux City, South Dakota           23,706             94,860                    --           519  
Empire East               Sioux City, South Dakota            2,073              8,291                    --             1  
Southern Hills Mall       Sioux City, South Dakota           15,697             62,793                    --           429  
Valley Mall               Harrisonburg, Virginia             10,393             41,572                    --            67  
                                                          --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          $ 199,377            800,274                    --         4,922  
                                                          --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          --------------------------------------------------------------------

<CAPTION>


                                                              Gross Book Value at December 31, 1998                    Total Cost 
                                                         -------------------------------------------                     Net of   
                                                                    Building and     Equipment        Accumulated     Accumulated 
Shopping Center (1)       Location                        Land      Improvements   and Furnishings    Depreciation   Depreciation 
- -------------------       --------                        ----      ------------   ---------------    ------------   ------------
<S>                       <C>                            <C>        <C>            <C>                <C>            <C>
Mesa Mall                 Grand Junction, Colorodo        11,155      44,643               17              969            54,846
Lake Square Mall          Leesburg, Florida                7,348      29,556                8              642            36,270
South Park Mall           Moline, Illinois                21,341      86,055                7            1,838           105,565
Eastland Mall             Evansville, Indiana             28,160     113,266              209            2,435           139,200
Lindale Mall              Cedar Rapids, Iowa              12,534      50,335               13            1,102            61,780
North Park Mall           Davenport, Iowa                 17,210      69,616               11            1,496            85,341
South Ridge Mall          Des Moines, Iowa                11,524      47,040               50            1,014            57,600
Granite Run Mall          Media, Pennsylvania             26,147     105,126               81            2,257           129,097
Rushmore Mall             Rapid City, South Dakota        12,089      50,603               28            1,129            61,591
Empire Mall               Sioux City, South Dakota        23,706      95,351               28            2,064           117,021
Empire East               Sioux City, South Dakota         2,073       8,291                1              177            10,188
Southern Hills Mall       Sioux City, South Dakota        15,697      63,207               15            1,371            77,548
Valley Mall               Harrisonburg, Virginia          10,393      41,635                4              889            51,143
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         199,377     804,724              472           17,383           987,190
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Depreciation and amortization of the Partnership's investment in shopping 
center properties reflected in the statement of operations are calculated 
over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                              <C>
Building and improvements          39 years 
                                            
Equipment and furnishings         5-7 years 
</TABLE>


The changes in total shopping center properties for the year ended December 
31, 1998 are as follows:        

<TABLE>
<S>                                         <C>
Balance, beginning of year                        $   --

 Acquisitions                                    999,651
 Additions                                         4,922
 Disposals and retirements                            --
                                             -----------
 Balance, end of year                        $ 1,004,573
                                             -----------
                                             -----------
</TABLE>

The changes in accumulated depreciation for the year ended December 31, 1998
are as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                         <C>
Balance, beginning of year                      $  --
                                                     
Additions                                      17,383
Disposals and retirements                          --
                                             --------
Balance, end of year                         $ 17,383
                                             --------
                                             --------
</TABLE>

(1) All of the shopping centers are encumbered by mortgage notes payable with 
a December 31, 1998 carrying value of $505,868.

                                     72

<PAGE>

                                 SIGNATURES



     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed 
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                               THE MACERICH COMPANY



                               By  /s/ ARTHUR M. COPPOLA
                                   --------------------------------------
                                    Arthur M. Coppola
                                    President and Chief Executive Officer


         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the 
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
SIGNATURE                                      CAPACITY                                          DATE
- ---------                                      --------                                          ----
<S>                                            <C>                                               <C>
/s/ ARTHUR M. COPPOLA                          President and Chief Executive Officer             March 29, 1999
- -----------------------                        And Director
Arthur M. Coppola      

/s/ MACE SIEGEL                                Chairman of the Board                             March 29, 1999
- -----------------------                        
Mace Siegel

/s/ DANA K. ANDERSON                           Vice Chairman of the Board                        March 29, 1999
- -----------------------                        
Dana K. Anderson

/s/ EDWARD C. COPPOLA                          Executive Vice President                          March 29, 1999
- -----------------------                        
Edward C. Coppola

/s/ JAMES COWNIE                               Director                                          March 29, 1999
- -----------------------                        
James Cownie

/s/ THEODORE HOCHSTIM                          Director                                          March 29, 1999
- -----------------------                        
Theodore Hochstim

/s/ FREDERICK HUBBELL                          Director                                          March 29, 1999
- -----------------------                        
Frederick Hubbell

/s/ STANLEY MOORE                              Director                                          March 29, 1999
- -----------------------                        
Stanley Moore

/s/ WILLIAM SEXTON                             Director                                          March 29, 1999
- -----------------------                        
William Sexton

/s/ THOMAS E. O'HERN                           Executive Vice President, Treasurer and           March 29, 1999
- -----------------------                        Chief Financial and Accounting Officer
Thomas E. O'Hern                               

</TABLE>


                                     73

X
<PAGE>

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

  EXHIBIT                                                                                                   SEQUENTIALLY
   NUMBER                           DESCRIPTION                                                            NUMBERED PAGE
  -------                           -----------                                                            -------------
<S>              <C>                                                                                      <C>
3.1*              Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Company

3.1.1**           Articles Supplementary of the Company

3.1.2***          Articles Supplementary of the Company (Series A Preferred Stock)

3.1.3****         Articles Supplementary of the Company (Series B Preferred Stock)

3.1.4             Articles Supplementary of the Company (Series C Junior Participating Preferred
                  Stock)

3.2*****          Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company

4.1*****          Form of Common Stock Certificate

4.2******         Form of Preferred Stock Certificate (Series A Preferred Stock)

4.2.1             Form of Preferred Stock Certificate (Series B Preferred Stock)

4.2.2*****        Form of Preferred Stock Certificate (Series C Junior Participating Preferred
                  Stock)

4.3*******        Indenture for Convertible Subordinated Debentures dated June 27, 1997

4.4*****          Agreement dated as of November 10, 1998 between the Company and First Chicago
                  Trust Company of New York, as Rights Agent

10.1********      Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement for the Operating
                  Partnership dated as of March 16, 1994

10.1.1******      Amendment to Amended and Restated Limited Partnerships Agreement for the
                  Operating Partnership dated June 27, 1997

10.1.2******      Amendment to Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement for the
                  Operating Partnership dated November 16, 1997

10.1.3******      Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement for the
                  Operating Partnership dated February 25, 1998

10.1.4******      Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement for the
                  Operating Partnership dated February 26, 1998

10.1.5            Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement for the
                  Operating Partnership dated June 17, 1998

10.1.6            Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement for
                  the Operating Partnership dated December 31, 1998

                                      74
<PAGE>

<CAPTION>

  EXHIBIT                                                                                                   SEQUENTIALLY
   NUMBER                           DESCRIPTION                                                            NUMBERED PAGE
  -------                           -----------                                                            -------------
<S>              <C>                                                                                      <C>
10.2********      Employment Agreement between the Company and Mace Siegel dated as of March 16,
                  1994

10.2.1********    List of Omitted Employment Agreements

10.2.2******      Employment Agreement between Macerich Management Company and Larry Sidwell
                  dated as of February 11, 1997

10.3******        The Macerich Company Amended and Restated 1994 Incentive Plan

10.4#             The Macerich Company 1994 Eligible Directors' Stock Option Plan

10.5#             The Macerich Company Deferred Compensation Plan

10.6#             The Macerich Company Deferred Compensation Plan for Mall Executives

10.7********      The Macerich Company Eligible Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan/Phantom
                  Stock Plan

10.8********      The Macerich Company Executive Officer Salary Deferral Plan

10.9              1999 Cash Bonus/Restricted Stock Program under the Amended and Restated 1994
                  Incentive Plan (including the form of restricted Stock Award Agreement)

10.10********     Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 16, 1994, between the Company
                  and The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company
- -
10.11********     Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 16, 1994, among the Company
                  and Mace Siegel, Dana K. Anderson, Arthur M. Coppola and Edward C. Coppola

10.12*******      Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 16, 1994, among the Company,
                  Richard M. Cohen and MRII Associates

10.13*******      Registration Rights Agreement dated as of June 27, 1997

10.14*******      Registration Rights Agreement dated as of February 25, 1998 between the
                  Company and Security Capital Preferred Growth Incorporated

10.15********     Incidental Registration Rights Agreement dated March 16, 1994

10.16******       Incidental Registration Rights Agreement dated as of July 21, 1994

10.17******       Incidental Registration Rights Agreement dated as of August 15, 1995

10.18******       Incidental Registration Rights Agreement dated as of December 21, 1995

10.18.1******     List of Incidental/Demand Registration Rights Agreements, Election Forms,
                  Accredited/Non-Accredited Investors Certificates and Investor Certificates

                                            75
<PAGE>

<CAPTION>

  EXHIBIT                                                                                                   SEQUENTIALLY
   NUMBER                           DESCRIPTION                                                            NUMBERED PAGE
  -------                           -----------                                                            -------------
<S>              <C>                                                                                      <C>
10.19             Registration Rights Agreement dated as of June 17, 1998 between the Company
                  and the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board

10.20             Redemption, Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement dated as of July 24,
                  1998 between the Company and Harry S. Newman, Jr. and LeRoy H. Brettin

10.21********     Indemnification Agreement, dated as of March 16, 1994, between the Company and
                  Mace Siegel

10.21.1********   List of Omitted Indemnification Agreements

10.22*            Partnership Agreement for Macerich Northwestern Associates, dated as of
                  January 17, 1985, between Macerich Walnut Creek Associates and the
                  Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company

10.23********     First Amendment to Macerich Northwestern Associates Partnership Agreement
                  between Operating Partnership and the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance
                  Company

10.24*            Agreement of Lease (Crossroads-Boulder), dated December 31, 1960, between H.R.
                  Hindry, as lessor, and Gerri Von Frellick, as lessee, with amendments and
                  supplements thereto

10.25******       Secured Full Recourse Promissory Note dated November 17, 1997 Due November 16,
                  2007 made by Edward C. Coppola to the order of the Company

10.25.1******     List of Omitted Secured Full Recourse Notes

10.26******       Stock Pledge Agreement dated as of November 17, 1997 made by Edward C. Coppola
                  for the benefit of the Company

10.26.1******     List of omitted Stock Pledge Agreement

10.27******       Promissory Note dated as of May 2, 1997 made by David J. Contis to the order
                  of Macerich Management Company

10.28##           Purchase and Sale Agreement between the Equitable Life Assurance Society of
                  the United States and S.M. Portfolio Partners

10.29******       Partnership Agreement of S.M. Portfolio Ltd. Partnership

10.30             First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 25, 1998,
                  between the Operating Partnership, the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National
                  Association

21.1              List of Subsidiaries

23.1              Consent of Independent Accountants (PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP)

23.2              Consent of Independent Auditors (KPMG LLP)

                                            76
<PAGE>

<CAPTION>

  EXHIBIT                                                                                                   SEQUENTIALLY
   NUMBER                           DESCRIPTION                                                            NUMBERED PAGE
  -------                           -----------                                                            -------------
<S>              <C>                                                                                      <C>
*                 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form
                  S-11, as amended (No. 33-68964), and incorporated herein by reference.

**                Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Current
                  Report on Form 8-K, event date May 30, 1995, and
                  incorporated herein by reference.

***               Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Current
                  Report on Form 8-K, event date February 25, 1998, and
                  incorporated herein by reference.

****              Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Current
                  Report on Form 8-K, event date June 17, 1998, and
                  incorporated herein by reference.

*****             Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Current
                  Report on Form 8-K, event date November 10, 1998, as
                  amended, and incorporated herein by reference.

******            Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Annual
                  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                  1997, and incorporated herein by reference.

*******           Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Current
                  Report on Form 8-K, event date June 20, 1997, and
                  incorporated herein by reference.

********          Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Annual
                  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                  1996, and incorporated herein by reference.

#                 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's
                  Quarterly Statement on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                  June 30, 1994, and incorporated herein by reference.

##                Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Current
                  Report on Form 8-K, event date February 27, 1998, and
                  incorporated herein by reference.
</TABLE>

                                            77
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1-4
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>ARTICLES SUPPLEMENTARY (SERIES C)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                THE MACERICH COMPANY
                                          
                               ARTICLES SUPPLEMENTARY
                                          
                                        for
                                          
                   SERIES C JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK
                                          
               (Pursuant to Sections 2-105(a)(9) and 2-208(a) of the
                         Maryland General Corporation Law)
                                          
                       -------------------------------------

          The Macerich Company, a corporation organized and existing under the
Maryland General Corporation Law (hereinafter called the "Corporation"), hereby
certifies to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland that:

          FIRST:  Pursuant to Section 2-208(a) of the Maryland General
Corporation Law and to authority granted by the charter of the Corporation (the
"Charter"), the Board of Directors of the Corporation (hereinafter called the
"Board of Directors" or the "Board") at a meeting duly called and held on
November 10, 1998 (i) reclassified 1,000,000 shares of Excess Stock, par value
$0.01 per share, as Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with the terms
and conditions as set forth in the Charter, and (ii) designated 1,200,000 shares
of Preferred Stock as shares of Series C Preferred Stock, with the preferences,
conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to
dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of
redemption as follows, which upon any restatement of the Charter shall be made
part of Article Fifth of the Charter, with any necessary or appropriate changes
to the enumeration or lettering of sections or subsections thereof: 

                    Series C Junior Participating Preferred Stock

          Section 1. DESIGNATION AND AMOUNT.  There shall be a series of
Preferred Stock designated as "Series C Junior Participating Preferred Stock",
par value $0.01 per share (the "Series C Preferred Stock"), and the number of
shares constituting the Series C Preferred Stock shall be 1,200,000.  Such
number of shares may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board of
Directors and by the filing of articles supplementary in accordance with the
Maryland General Corporation Law; PROVIDED, that no decrease shall reduce the
number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to a number less than the number of
shares then outstanding plus the number of shares reserved for issuance upon the
exercise of outstanding options, rights or warrants or upon the conversion of
any outstanding securities issued by the Corporation convertible into Series C
Preferred Stock.


                                          1
<PAGE>

          Section 2. DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS.

          (A)  Subject to the rights of the holders of any shares of any series
     of Preferred Stock (or any similar stock) ranking prior and superior to the
     Series C Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, the holders of shares
     of Series C Preferred Stock, in preference to the holders of Common Stock,
     par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of the Corporation, and of
     any other junior stock, shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if
     authorized by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for the
     purpose, quarterly dividends payable in cash on the first day of March,
     June, September and December in each year (each such date being referred to
     herein as a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the first
     Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or
     fraction of a share of Series C Preferred Stock, in an amount per share
     (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (a) $1 or (b) subject
     to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, 100 times the
     aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 100 times the
     aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or
     other distributions, other than a dividend payable in shares of Common
     Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by
     reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Common Stock since the
     immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or, with respect to
     the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any
     share or fraction of a share of Series C Preferred Stock.  In the event the
     Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common
     Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or
     combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by
     reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of
     Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock,
     then in each  such case the amount to which holders of shares of Series C
     Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under clause
     (b) of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount
     by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common
     Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which
     is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately
     prior to such event.

          (B)  The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on the
     Series C Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph (A) of this Section
     immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the Common
     Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock); provided
     that, in the event no dividend or distribution shall have been declared on
     the Common Stock during the period between any Quarterly Dividend Payment
     Date and the next subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a dividend of
     $1 per share on the Series C Preferred Stock shall nevertheless be payable
     on such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.

          (C)  Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on outstanding
     shares of Series C Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date
     next preceding the date of issue of such shares, unless the date of issue
     of such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend
     Payment Date, in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue
     from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date of is-


                                          2
<PAGE>

     sue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date
     for the determination of holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock
     entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend
     Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall begin to
     accrue and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. 
     Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear interest.  Dividends paid on
     the shares of Series C Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total
     amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares
     shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such shares
     at the time outstanding.  The Board of Directors may fix a record date for
     the determination of holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock entitled
     to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which
     record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for the
     payment thereof.

          Section 3. VOTING RIGHTS.  The holders of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

          (A)  Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth,
     each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to
     100 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the
     Corporation.  In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay
     any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or
     effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding
     shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of
     a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of
     shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the number of votes per
     share to which holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock were entitled
     immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such
     number by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of
     Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator
     of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding
     immediately prior to such event.

          (B)  Except as otherwise provided herein, in the terms of any other
     series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock, the holders of shares of
     Series C Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Common Stock and any
     other stock of the Corporation having general voting rights shall vote
     together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of
     the Corporation.

          (C)  Except as set forth herein, holders of Series C Preferred Stock
     shall have no special voting rights and their consent shall not be required
     (except to the extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Common
     Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action.

          Section 4. CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS.

          (A)  Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or distributions
     payable on the Series C  Preferred Stock as provided in Section 2 are in
     arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid dividends and
     distributions, whether or not authorized or de-


                                          3
<PAGE>

     clared, on shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been
     paid in full, neither the Board of Directors nor the Corporation shall:

               (i)   authorize, declare or pay dividends, or make any other
          distributions, on any shares of stock ranking junior (either as to
          dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the
          Series C Preferred Stock;

               (ii)  authorize, declare or pay dividends, or make any other
          distributions, on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as
          to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the
          Series C Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series
          C Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are
          payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the
          holders of all such shares are then entitled;

               (iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration
          shares of any stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon
          liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series C Preferred
          Stock, provided that the Corporation may at any time redeem, purchase
          or otherwise acquire shares of any such junior stock in exchange for
          shares of any stock of the Corporation ranking junior (either as to
          dividends or upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the
          Series C Preferred Stock; or

               (iv)  redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration
          any shares of Series C Preferred Stock, or any shares of stock ranking
          on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock, except in accordance
          with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as determined
          by the Board of Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such
          terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective
          annual dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences of the
          respective series and classes, shall determine in good faith will
          result in fair and equitable treatment among the respective series or
          classes.

          (B)  The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the
     Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares
     of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under paragraph
     (A) of this Section 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such
     time and in such manner.

          Section 5. REACQUIRED SHARES.  Any shares of Series C Preferred Stock
purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever
shall become authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be
reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock subject to the conditions
and restrictions on issuance set forth herein, in the Charter, or in any other
articles supplementary creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock
or as otherwise required by law.

          Section 6. LIQUIDATION, DISSOLUTION OR WINDING UP.  Upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, no distribution shall
be made (1) to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding 


                                          4
<PAGE>

up) to the Series C Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares
of Series C Preferred Stock shall have received $100 per share, plus an amount
equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not
authorized or declared, to the date of such payment, provided that the holders
of shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive an aggregate
amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth,
equal to 100 times the aggregate amount to be distributed per share to holders
of shares of Common Stock, or (2) to the holders of shares of stock ranking on a
parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up)
with the Series C Preferred Stock, except distributions made ratably on the
Series C Preferred Stock and all such parity stock in proportion to the total
amounts to which the holders of all such shares are entitled upon such
liquidation, dissolution or winding up.  In the event the Corporation shall at
any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of
Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by
payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number
of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the aggregate amount to which
holders of shares of Series C  Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior
to such event under the proviso in clause (1) of the preceding sentence shall be
adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and
the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were
outstanding immedately prior to such event.

          Section 7. CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, ETC.  In case the Corporation shall
enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which
the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or
securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case each share of
Series C Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or
changed into an amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment
hereinafter set forth, equal to 100 times the aggregate amount of stock,
securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may
be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged. 
In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on
the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or
combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by
reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common
Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each
such case the amount set forth in the preceding sentence with respect to the
exchange or change of shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by
multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the
denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

          Section 8. NO REDEMPTION.  The shares of Series C Preferred Stock
shall not be redeemable.

          Section 9. RANK.  The Series C Preferred Stock shall rank, with
respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets, junior to
all series of the Corporation's Preferred Stock.


                                          5
<PAGE>

          Section 10.    AMENDMENT.  The Charter shall not be amended in any
manner which would materially alter or change the preferences, conversion and
other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other
distributions, qualifications or terms and conditions of redemption of the
Series C Preferred Stock, as set forth herein, so as to affect them adversely
without the affirmative vote  of the holders of at least two-thirds of the
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, voting together as a single
class.

          Section 11.    OWNERSHIP RESTRICTIONS.  The Series C Preferred Stock
shall be subject to the restrictions and limitations set forth in Article Eighth
of the Charter.

          SECOND:  The Shares have been classified and designated by the Board
of Directors under the authority contained in the Charter.

          THIRD:  These Articles Supplementary have been approved by the Board
of Directors in the manner and by the vote required by law.
          
          FOURTH:  The undersigned Chairman of the Board of the Corporation
acknowledges these Articles Supplementary to be the corporate act of the
Corporation and, as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath,
the undersigned Chairman acknowledges that to the best of his knowledge,
information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material
respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury.


                                          6
<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles
Supplementary to be executed under seal in its name on its behalf by its
Chairman and attested to by its Secretary on this 10th day of November, 1998.


                                             /s/ Mace Siegel
                                             -------------------------------
                                                       Chairman


Attest:


/s/ Richard A. Bayer
- ---------------------
Secretary


                                          7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2-1
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK CERTIFICATE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


                                                          EXHIBIT 4.2.1

NUMBER                                                              SHARES
                                                                  

                            THE MACERICH COMPANY
          SERIES B CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, $0.01 PAR VALUE

SEE REVERSE FOR IMPORTANT NOTICE ON TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS AND OTHER INFORMATION

This Certifies that __________________________________________________ is the 
record holder of ____________________________________________________________
fully paid and nonassessable Shares of the Series B Cumulative Convertible 
Preferred Stock of

                            THE MACERICH COMPANY
           Incorporated under the Laws of the State of Maryland

transferable on the share register of said Corporation in person or by its 
duly authorized Attorney upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed 
or assigned. This Certificate and the shares represented hereby are issued 
and shall be held subject to all of the provisions of the charter of the 
Corporation (the "Charter") and the Bylaws of the Corporation and any 
amendments thereto.

                              IMPORTANT NOTICE

   The Corporation will furnish to any stockholder, on request and without 
charge, a full statement of the information required by Section 2-211(b) of 
the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated code of Maryland 
with respect to the designations and any preferences, conversion and other 
rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other 
distributions, qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption of the 
stock of each class which the Corporation has authority to issue and, if the 
Corporation is authorized to issue any preferred or special class in series, 
(i) the differences in the relative rights and preferences between the shares 
of each series to the extent set, and (ii) the authority of the Board of 
Directors to set such rights and preferences of subsequent series. The 
foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to and 
qualified in its entirety by reference to the charter of the Corporation, a 
copy of which will be sent without charge to each stockholder who so 
requests. Such request must be made to the Secretary of the Corporation at 
its principal office.

   Witness the Seal of the Corporation and the signatures of its duly 
authorized officers.

Dated:


- --------------------------                              -----------------------
President                                               Secretary


<PAGE>

   For Value Received,________________ hereby sell, assign and transfer unto 
_________________ Shares of the Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred 
Stock represented by the within Certificate, and do hereby irrevocably 
constitute and appoint __________________________ Attorney to transfer the 
said Stock on the books of the within named Corporation with full power of 
substitution in the premises.

   Dated 
         ---------------------------

         in presence of 
                        --------------------------------------------------

NOTICE. THE SIGNATURE OF THIS ASSIGNMENT MUST CORRESPOND WITH THE NAME AS 
WRITTEN UPON THE FACE OF THE CERTIFICATE, IN EVERY PARTICULAR, WITHOUT 
ALTERATION OR ENLARGEMENT, OR ANY CHANGE WHATEVER.

THIS SECURITY AND ANY COMMON STOCK ISSUED ON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION 
HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH 
REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM.


                                       NO.           

                                   CERTIFICATE
                                      FOR


                                     SHARES
                                       OF
                        SERIES B CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE
                                 PREFERRED STOCK

                                    ISSUED TO

                                     DATED



   The securities represented by this certificate are subject to restrictions 
on ownership and transfer for the purpose of the Corporation's maintenance of 
its status as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). Except as otherwise provided pursuant to 
the charter of the Corporation, no Person may (1) Beneficially Own shares of 
Equity Stock in excess of 5.0% (or such greater percentage as may be provided 
in the charter of the Corporation) of the number or value of the outstanding 
Equity Stock of the Corporation (unless such Person is an Excluded 
Participant), or (2) Beneficially Own Equity Stock that would result in the 
Corporation being "closely held" under Section 856(h) of the Code (determined 
without regard to Code Section 856(h)(2) and by deleting the words "the last 
half of" in the first sentence of Code Section 542(a)(2) in applying Code 
Section 856(h)), or (3) beneficially own Equity Stock that would result in 
Common Stock and Preferred Stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 
Persons (determined without reference to any rules of attribution). Any 
Person who attempts to Beneficially Own Shares of Equity Stock in excess of 
the above limitations must immediately notify the Corporation. All 
capitalized terms in this legend have the meanings defined in the 
Corporation's charter, as the same may be further amended from time to time, 
a copy of which, including the restrictions on ownership or transfer, will be 
sent without charge to each stockholder who so requests. Transfers or other 
events in violation of the restrictions described above shall be null and 
void AB INITIO, and the purported transferee or purported owner shall acquire 
or retain no rights to, or economic interest in, any Equity Stock held in 
violation of these restrictions. The Corporation may redeem such shares upon 
the terms and conditions specified by the Board of Directors in its sole 
discretion if the Board of Directors determines that a Transfer or other 
event would violate the restrictions described above. In addition, if the 
restrictions on ownership or transfer are violated, the shares of Equity 
Stock represented hereby shall be automatically exchanged for shares of 
Excess Stock which will be held in trust for the benefit of a Beneficiary. 
Excess stock may not be transferred at a profit. The Corporation has an 
option to acquire Excess Stock under certain circumstances.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1-5
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED PARTNERSHI
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                               SIXTH AMENDMENT TO THE
                                AMENDED AND RESTATED
                          LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF
                           THE MACERICH PARTNERSHIP, L.P.

          THIS SIXTH AMENDMENT (the "AMENDMENT") TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT DATED AS OF MARCH 16, 1994, AMENDED AS OF AUGUST
14, 1995, FURTHER AMENDED AS OF JUNE 27, 1997, FURTHER AMENDED AS OF NOVEMBER
16, 1997, FURTHER AMENDED AS OF FEBRUARY 25, 1998, AND FURTHER AMENDED AS OF
FEBRUARY 26, 1998 (the "AGREEMENT") OF THE MACERICH PARTNERSHIP, L.P. (the
"PARTNERSHIP") is dated effective as of June 17, 1998.  

                                      RECITALS

          WHEREAS, The Macerich Company, the general partner of the Partnership
(the "GENERAL PARTNER"), will be issuing to The Ontario Teachers Pension Plan
Board ("Ontario Teachers"), 5,487,471 shares of Series B Cumulative Convertible
Redeemable Preferred Stock, $.01 par value per share ("SERIES B PREFERRED
SHARES"), pursuant to the Series B Preferred Securities Purchase Agreement dated
as of June 16, 1998 between the General Partner and Ontario Teachers (the
"Purchase Agreement");

          WHEREAS, SECTION 3.3 (a)(i)  of the Agreement authorizes the General
Partner to cause the Partnership to issue additional interests in the
Partnership in one or more classes, or one or more series of any of such
classes, with such designations, preferences and relative, participating,
optional or other special rights, powers and duties, including rights, powers
and duties senior to those of the Limited Partners, all as shall be determined
by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion and without the
approval of any of the Limited Partners; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that any such
additional interests in the Partnership must be issued in connection with an
issuance of shares of or other interests in the General Partner, which shares or
interests have designations, preferences and other rights, all such that the
economic interests are substantially similar to the designations, preferences
and other rights of the additional interests in the Partnership being issued to
the General Partner by the Partnership in accordance with SECTION 3.3. OF THE
AGREEMENT, and the General Partner shall make a capital contribution to the
Partnership in an amount equal to the proceeds raised in connection with the
issuance of such shares of or other interests in the General Partner;

          WHEREAS, SECTION 12.1(b)(iii) of the Agreement provides that the
General Partner has the power, without the consent of the Limited Partners of
the Partnership, to amend the Agreement as may be required to facilitate or
implement setting forth the designations, rights, powers, duties, and
preferences of the holders of any additional interests in the Partnership issued
pursuant to SECTION 3.3;

          WHEREAS, the General Partner has made the determination pursuant to
SECTION 12.1(b)(iii) of the Agreement that consent of the Limited Partners of
the Partnership is not required with respect to the matters set forth in this
Amendment; and

<PAGE>

          WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this Amendment a valid agreement
of the Partnership have been done;

          NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority granted to the General
Partner under the Agreement, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

1.   Amendments:

          (a)  Section 2.2 of the Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the
following new Section 2.2(d) to read as follows:

               (d)  SERIES B PREFERRED UNITS.  The General Partner hereby makes
     a capital contribution to the Partnership in the amount of the gross
     proceeds from the sale of the Series B Preferred Shares to Ontario Teachers
     pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, which amount is $150,000,019.70.  In
     exchange for such capital contribution, the Partnership hereby issues to
     the General Partner 5,487,471 Series B Preferred Units, each Series B
     Preferred Unit representing a capital contribution of $27.335.  Series B
     Preferred Units shall entitle the General Partner to a Series B Preferred
     Return, all as described in SECTION 4.1 of the Agreement.  Series B
     Preferred Units shall be converted into Common Units at the time the Series
     B Preferred Shares are converted into common shares of the General Partner
     in an amount of Common Units equal to the total amount of such converted
     common shares divided by the Conversion Factor.  To the extent that Series
     B Preferred Shares are being redeemed, the General Partner shall be
     obligated to put to the Partnership a number of Series B Preferred Units
     equal to the number of Series B Preferred Shares being redeemed or repaid. 
     Upon putting a Series B Preferred Unit to the Partnership, the General
     Partner will be paid, in liquidation of each Series B Preferred Unit being
     put to the Partnership, an amount equal to $27.335 plus any accumulated,
     accrued and unpaid Series B Preferred Return on such Series B Preferred
     Unit, PLUS any other amounts owed or to be paid by the General Partner in
     connection with the redemption of the corresponding Series B Preferred
     Share; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the General Partner shall not put the Series
     B Preferred Units to the Partnership if the payment in liquidation of those
     Series B Preferred Units would cause the Partnership or the General Partner
     to be in violation of (i) any provision of any agreement with respect to
     indebtedness, including the Credit and Guaranty Agreement and those
     agreements with respect to the Convertible Subordinated Debentures (the
     "Debt Instruments"), or (ii) Section 17-607 of the Act.  Before any Series
     B Preferred Units may be put to the Partnership, the General Partner shall
     determine in good faith that the redemption of such Series B Preferred
     Units will not cause a violation of the Debt Instruments or Section 17-607
     of the Act.  To the extent the General Partner is not permitted to make a
     payment in respect of the Series B Preferred Shares by reason of a
     restriction imposed by the Debt Instruments or Section 17-607 of the Act,
     the Partnership shall not, and shall not be obligated to, make any such
     payment to the General Partner with respect to the corresponding Series B
     Preferred Units.
     (b)  Section 4.1 of the Agreement is hereby amended to read as follows:

               4.1  DISTRIBUTION OF NET CASH FLOW.  The General Partner shall
     cause the Partnership to distribute all or a portion of Net Cash Flow to
     the Partners from time to 


                                          2
<PAGE>

     time as determined by the General Partner, but in any event not less
     frequently than quarterly, in such amounts as the General Partner shall
     determine.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner shall use
     its reasonable efforts to cause the Partnership to distribute sufficient
     amounts to enable the General Partner to pay shareholder dividends that
     will (a) satisfy the requirements for qualifying as a REIT under the Code
     and Regulations ("REIT REQUIREMENTS"), and (b) avoid any federal income or
     excise tax liability of the General Partner.  All amounts withheld pursuant
     to the Code or a provision of any state or local tax law with respect to
     any allocation, payment or distribution to the General Partner or any
     Limited Partner shall be treated as amounts distributed to such Partner. 
     Upon the receipt by the General Partner of each Exercise Notice pursuant to
     which one or more Redemption Partners exercise Redemption Rights in
     accordance with the provisions of ARTICLE IX and the Redemption Rights
     Exhibit, the General Partner shall, unless the General Partner has elected
     to issue only Shares to such Redemption Partners in respect of the Purchase
     Price of the Offered Interests, cause the Partnership to distribute to the
     Partners, PRO RATA in accordance with their respective Percentage Interests
     as of the date of delivery of such Exercise Notice, all (or such lesser
     portion as the General Partner shall reasonably determine to be prudent
     under the circumstances) of Net Cash Flow, which distribution shall be made
     prior to the closing of the redemption or purchase and sale of the Offered
     Interests specified in such Exercise Notice.  Subject to any restrictions
     or limitations imposed by the Debt Instruments or Section 17-607 of the
     Act, distributions shall be made in accordance with the following order of
     priority:
               (a)  First, semi-annual distributions to the General Partner with
     respect to the Preferred Units in an amount equal to the cumulative and
     unpaid Preferred Return on such Preferred Units in such a way as to allow
     the General Partner to pay interest and any additional amounts on the
     Convertible Subordinated Debentures payable to the holders thereof;

               (b)  Second, to the General Partner, with respect to the Series A
     Preferred Units and Series B Preferred Units, in an amount equal to the
     cumulative and unpaid Series A Preferred Return on such Series A Preferred
     Units, and the cumulative and unpaid Series B Preferred Return on such
     Series B Preferred Units in such a way as to allow the General Partner to
     pay cumulative preferential dividends and any additional amounts required
     on the Series A Preferred Shares and the Series B Preferred Shares,
     respectively, payable to the holders thereof; and

               (c)  Next, to the Partners holding Common Units, PRO RATA in
     accordance with such Partners' then Percentage Interests.

          (c)  The definition of the term "Partnership Interest" contained in
the Glossary of Defined Terms of the Agreement is hereby amended to read as
follows:

               "PARTNERSHIP INTEREST" shall mean an ownership interest of a
     Partner in the Partnership from time to time, including, as applicable,
     such Partner's Preferred Units, Series A Preferred Units, Series B
     Preferred Units and Percentage Interest and such Partner's Capital Account,
     and any and all other benefits to which the holder of such Partnership
     Interest may be entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with all
     obligations of such Person to comply with the terms of this Agreement.


                                          3
<PAGE>

          (d)  The definition of the term "Partnership Unit" contained in the
Glossary of Defined Terms of the Agreement is hereby amended to read as follows:

               "PARTNERSHIP UNIT" shall mean a Common Unit, Preferred Unit,
     Series A Preferred Unit or Series B Preferred Unit and shall constitute a
     fractional, undivided share of the Partnership Interests corresponding to
     that particular class of Units.  
          (e)  The definition of the term "Common Unit" contained in the
Glossary of Defined Terms of the Agreement is hereby amended to read as follows:

     "COMMON UNIT" shall mean Partnership Interests other than Preferred Units, 
     Series A Preferred Units and Series B Preferred Units.

          (f)  The Glossary of Defined Terms of the Agreement is hereby amended
to include the following definitions:

               "SERIES B PREFERRED RETURN" shall mean an amount per Series B
     Preferred Unit equal to the greater of (i) an annual distribution of $1.84
     or (ii) the regular cash distributions on the Common Units, or portion
     thereof, into which a Series B Preferred Unit is convertible.  The Series B
     Preferred Return will be based on the General Partner's Capital
     Contribution in respect of the Series B Preferred Units for which the
     Series B Preferred Return is being determined as provided in the definition
     of Series B Preferred Units below (taking into account any reduction of
     such Capital Contribution by any redemptions or conversions of such Series
     B Preferred Units), commencing on the first date such Series B Preferred
     Units are issued to the General Partner.  It is intended that the Series B
     Preferred Return will be equal to the dividends and any additional amounts
     payable on the Series B Preferred Shares to the holders thereof so that the
     General Partner will receive a Series B Preferred Return in an amount
     sufficient for the General Partner to make all payments in respect of the
     Series B Preferred Shares.

     "SERIES B PREFERRED SHARES" shall mean those shares of Series B Cumulative
     Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, $.01 par value per share; issued by
     the General Partner to Ontario Teachers.

     "SERIES B PREFERRED SHARES ARTICLES SUPPLEMENTARY" shall mean the Series B
     Cumulative Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock Articles Supplementary,
     dated as of June 15, 1998, which fixes the distribution and other
     preferences and rights of the Series B Preferred Shares.

     "SERIES B PREFERRED UNITS" shall mean the Partnership Units of the General
     Partner representing the Capital Contribution of the Series B Preferred
     Share proceeds, as set forth in SECTION 2.2(d) of the Agreement.  For the
     purposes of this Agreement, if the proceeds actually received by the
     General Partner are less than the gross proceeds of the issuance of the
     Series B Preferred Shares as a result of any discount, placement fee or
     other expenses paid or incurred in connection with such issuance, then the
     General Partner shall be deemed to have made a Capital Contribution to the
     Partnership in the amount of the gross proceeds of such issuance and the
     Partnership shall be deemed simultaneously to have reimbursed the General
     Partner pursuant to SECTION 6.1 for the amount of such discount, placement
     fee or other expenses.


                                          4
<PAGE>

     (g)  Section 2.1 of Exhibit A (Allocations Exhibit) is hereby amended to
read as follows:

          2.1  NET INCOME.  After giving effect to the special allocations set
          forth in Article 3 of this Allocations Exhibit, Net Income for any
          fiscal year or other applicable period shall be allocated in the
          following order and priority:

               (a)  First, to the Partners, until the cumulative Net Income
     allocated pursuant to this subparagraph 2.1(a) for the current and all
     prior periods equals the cumulative Net Loss allocated pursuant to
     subparagraphs 2.2(c) and (d) hereof for all prior periods, among the
     Partners in the reverse order that such Net Loss was allocated (and, in the
     event of a shift of a Partner's interest in the Partnership, to the
     Partners in a manner that most equitably reflects the successors in
     interest of such Partners);

               (b)  Second, to the General Partner, until the cumulative Net
     Income allocated pursuant to this subparagraph 2.1(b) for the current and
     all prior periods equals the cumulative Net Loss allocated pursuant to
     Subparagraph 2.2(b) hereof for all prior periods;

               (c)  Third in respect of its Preferred Units to the General
     Partner until the cumulative amount of Net Income allocated pursuant to
     this subparagraph 2.1(c) for the current and all prior periods equals the
     cumulative Preferred Return on the Preferred Units;

               (d)  Fourth, to the General Partner in respect of the Series A
     Preferred Units and the Series B Preferred Units until the cumulative
     amount of Net Income allocated pursuant to this subparagraph 2.1(d) equals
     the cumulative Series A Preferred Return on the Series A Preferred Units,
     and the cumulative Series B Preferred Return on the Series B Preferred
     Units, respectively; and

               (e)  Thereafter, the balance of the Net Income, if any, shall be
     allocated to the Partners holding Common Units in accordance with their
     respective Percentage Interests.

2.   DEFINED TERMS AND RECITALS.  As used in this Amendment, capitalized terms
used and defined in this Amendment shall have the meaning assigned to them in
this Amendment, and capitalized terms used in this Amendment but not defined
herein, shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Agreement.

3.   RATIFICATION AND CONFIRMATION.  Except to the extent specifically amended
by this Amendment, the terms and provisions of the Agreement, as previously
amended, are hereby ratified and confirmed. 


                                          5
<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Amendment
effective as of the date first above mentioned. 

                                   GENERAL PARTNER:

                                   THE MACERICH COMPANY



                                   By:  /s/ Richard A. Bayer
                                        -----------------------------
                                        Richard A. Bayer
                                        General Counsel and Secretary


                                          6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1-6
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED PARTNERS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                              SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO THE
                                AMENDED AND RESTATED
                          LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF
                           THE MACERICH PARTNERSHIP, L.P.
                                          
          THIS SEVENTH AMENDMENT (the "AMENDMENT") TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT DATED AS OF MARCH 16, 1994, AMENDED AS OF AUGUST
14, 1995, FURTHER AMENDED AS OF JUNE 27, 1997, FURTHER AMENDED AS OF NOVEMBER
16, 1997, FURTHER AMENDED AS OF FEBRUARY 25, 1998, FURTHER AMENDED AS OF
FEBRUARY 26, 1998, AND FURTHER AMENDED AS OF JUNE 17, 1998 (the "AGREEMENT") OF
THE MACERICH PARTNERSHIP, L.P. (the "PARTNERSHIP") is dated effective December
23, 1998.

                                      RECITALS

          WHEREAS, SECTION 12.1(b)(iv) of the Agreement provides that the
General Partner has the power, without the consent of the Limited Partners of
the Partnership, to amend the Agreement as may be required to facilitate or
implement curing any ambiguity, correcting or supplementing any provision in the
Agreement not inconsistent with law or with other provisions of the Agreement;

          WHEREAS, the General Partner has made the determination pursuant to
SECTION 12.1(b)(iv) of the Agreement that consent of the Limited Partners of the
Partnership is not required with respect to the matters set forth in this
Amendment; and

          WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this Amendment a valid agreement
of the Partnership have been done;

          NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the authority granted to the General
Partner under the Agreement, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

          1.   AMENDMENT:  A section 13.14 is added to the Agreement immediately
following section 13.13 thereof as follows:

          13.14     SEPARATE NATURE.  In contemplation of procedures required in
          connection with securitization of loans, the Partnership will, based
          on advice of counsel, adopt such procedures as may be appropriate to
          maintain the separate nature of the Partnership.

          2.   DEFINED TERMS AND RECITALS.  As used in this Amendment,
capitalized terms used and defined in this Amendment shall have the meaning
assigned to them in this Amendment, and capitalized terms used in this Amendment
but not defined herein, shall have the meaning assigned to them in the
Agreement.

          3.   RATIFICATION AND CONFIRMATION.  Except to the extent specifically
amended by this Amendment, the terms and provisions of the Agreement, as
previously amended, are hereby ratified and confirmed. 


                                          1
<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Amendment
effective as of the date first above mentioned. 
          
          
                              GENERAL PARTNER:
                              
                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                              
                              
                              By:/s/ Richard A. Bayer
                                 -------------------------------
                                   Richard A. Bayer
                                   General Counsel and Secretary


                                         S-1

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.9
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                EXHIBIT 10.9


                             THE MACERICH COMPANY

                 1999 CASH BONUS/RESTRICTED STOCK PROGRAM

            UNDER THE AMENDED AND RESTATED 1994 INCENTIVE PLAN

<PAGE>


                             THE MACERICH COMPANY
                             --------------------

                  1999 CASH BONUS/RESTRICTED STOCK PROGRAM
             UNDER THE AMENDED AND RESTATED 1994 INCENTIVE PLAN
 
                               TABLE OF CONTENTS
                               -----------------
                                                                          Page

ARTICLE I      TITLE, PURPOSE AND AUTHORIZED SHARES......................   1
ARTICLE II     DEFINITIONS...............................................   1
ARTICLE III    PARTICIPATION.............................................   2
ARTICLE IV     RESTRICTED STOCK OR CASH ELECTIONS........................   2
ARTICLE V      RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS...................................   3
ARTICLE VI     ADMINISTRATION............................................   4
ARTICLE VII    MISCELLANEOUS.............................................   4
EXHIBIT A      ELECTION AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT B      RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT












                                       i
<PAGE>

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                   1999 CASH BONUS/RESTRICTED STOCK PROGRAM
              UNDER THE AMENDED AND RESTATED 1994 INCENTIVE PLAN


                                   ARTICLE I
                    TITLE, PURPOSE AND AUTHORIZED SHARES
     1.1  TITLE

     This Program shall be known as The Macerich Company 1999 Cash 
Bonus/Restricted Stock Program under the Amended and Restated 1994 Incentive 
Plan.

     1.2  PURPOSE

     The purpose of this Program is to promote the success of the Company and 
the interest of its stockholders by providing an additional means to 
attract, motivate, retain and reward key employees, including officers, by 
providing an opportunity to convert cash bonuses to Restricted Stock Awards, 
enhancing compensation deferral opportunities and offering additional 
incentives to increase stock ownership in the Company.

     1.3  SHARES

     The aggregate number of shares subject to Restricted Stock Awards 
granted pursuant to this Program shall be charged against and subject to the 
limits on the available shares under the Plan.

                                   ARTICLE II
                                   DEFINITIONS

     Whenever the following terms are used in this Program they shall have 
the meaning specified below unless the context clearly indicates to the 
contrary.  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined shall have the meaning 
assigned to such terms in the Plan.

     2.1.  BONUS PAYMENT DATE means the date designated by the Committee 
(upon or after its decisions as to awards) on which the Cash Bonus is or 
would otherwise be received by the Participant.

     2.2   CASH BONUS means an incentive award granted by the Committee, 
whether or not under the terms of the Plan, that but for elections under this 
Program would be paid solely in cash.

     2.3   CONVERSION AMOUNT means the dollar amount of the Cash Bonus elected 
by the Participant to be converted to a Restricted Stock Award under this 
Program.

     2.4   EFFECTIVE DATE means November 30, 1998.

 
                                       1
<PAGE>

     2.5.  PARTICIPANT means any Eligible Person who has been designated as 
potentially eligible to receive a Restricted Stock Award under this Program 
and who has delivered to the Company an election agreement electing to 
participate in the Program.

     2.6.  PLAN means The Macerich Company Amended and Restated 1994 Incentive 
Plan.

     2.7.  PROGRAM means this The Macerich Company 1999 Cash Bonus/Restricted 
Stock Program under the Amended and Restated 1994 Incentive Plan.

     2.8.  RESTRICTED STOCK means shares of Common Stock awarded to a 
Participant pursuant to Article IV of the Plan.

     2.9.  RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD means an award of Restricted Stock granted 
by the Committee under the Plan based on the Conversion Amount elected under 
and in accordance with this Program.

     2.10. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT means an agreement substantially 
in the form of Exhibit B (as from time to time revised by the Committee).

     2.11  YEAR means the applicable calendar year.


                                 ARTICLE III
                                PARTICIPATION

     Each Eligible Person designated by the Committee for any Year may elect 
in advance to receive all or part (in increments and on forms authorized by 
the Committee) of any Cash Bonus that may be granted in the future in the 
form of Restricted Stock to the extent provided in Article IV.

                                  ARTICLE IV
                      RESTRICTED STOCK OR CASH ELECTIONS

     4.1.  TIME AND TYPES OF ELECTIONS

     On or before December 31, 1998 and September 30 of each subsequent Year, 
each Eligible Person may make an irrevocable election to receive a percentage 
of Cash Bonus that may be granted to the Participant during the following 
Year in shares of Restricted Stock.  This election shall become effective 
only if the Committee, in authorizing the Cash Bonus, expressly recognizes 
such alternative payment opportunity in Restricted Stock and grants the 
Restricted Stock at that time.  A person who first becomes an Eligible Person 
after the applicable deadline may, within 30 days of becoming and being 
designated as an Eligible Person, make an irrevocable election to receive any 
Cash Bonuses granted during the applicable Year (or remaining portion 
thereof, as the case may be) in Restricted Stock.

                                       2
<PAGE>


     4.2.  ELECTION PROCEDURES

     The elections shall be made in writing on forms provided by the Company 
and authorized by the Committee.  These forms initially shall take the form 
of the Election Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A.  Neither the 
distribution nor completion of election agreements shall convey any right to 
receive a bonus, in cash or in Restricted Stock.  Failure to timely elect 
Restricted Stock, however, will result in the payment in cash if any cash 
bonus is awarded.

     4.3   NUMBER OF SHARES

     The number of shares of Restricted Stock to be granted under this 
Program shall equal a multiple of the Conversion Amount divided by the Fair 
Market Value of a share of Common Stock (without regard to any restriction) 
on the applicable Bonus Payment Date.  The multiple shall not be changed as 
to any election after it is duly made under the terms of this Program without 
the consent of the Participant. 

     The multiple for bonuses paid in 1999 and until changed by the Committee 
shall be 1.5.  For example, assume that prior to December 31, 1998 a 
Participant elects to receive 40% of any cash bonus in Restricted Stock and, 
on March 1, 1999, the Company grants him a $40,000 cash bonus.  The market 
value of a share of Common Stock on the Bonus Payment Date is $20.  The 
Participant will receive $24,000 in cash and 1,200 shares of Restricted Stock.

     4.4.  NO FRACTIONAL SHARE INTERESTS

     If an election would result in the issuance of a fractional share, the 
amount of Restricted Stock granted shall be rounded down to the next whole 
share and the cash alternative amount in lieu of the fractional interest 
shall be paid in cash.

                                   ARTICLE V
                            RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS

     The grant of Restricted Stock Awards, including, but not limited to, the 
terms of grant, conditions and restrictions, the consideration to be paid, 
dividend rights, vesting, redelivery to the Company, and adjustments in case 
of changes in the Common Stock, shall be governed by the terms of the Plan, 
the Program and of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, substantially in the 
form of Exhibit B (as from time to time revised by the Committee), to be 
executed and delivered by the Company and the Participant.  After an election 
is made, the form of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement may not be changed 
in any manner materially adverse to the Participant without his or her 
consent.  All Restricted Stock Awards are subject to express prior 
authorization by the Committee of the terms of the Restricted Stock Award and 
the specific number of shares of Restricted Stock thereunder.

                                       3
<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE VI
                                 ADMINISTRATION

     This Program shall be administered by and all Restricted Stock Awards to 
Eligible Persons shall be authorized by the Committee.  The Committee shall 
have all powers necessary to accomplish those purposes, including, but not by 
way of limitation, the following:

     (a) to determine the particular Eligible Persons who will receive Cash 
Bonuses, the extent to which and price at which a Cash Bonus may be settled 
in shares of Common Stock or Restricted Stock, and the other specific terms 
and conditions of Restricted Stock Awards consistent with the express limits 
of this Program and the Plan;

     (b) to approve from time to time the election agreement and other forms 
of Restricted Stock Award Agreements (which need not be identical either as 
to type of award or among Participants or from year to year); and

     (c) to resolve any questions concerning benefits payable to a 
Participant and make all other determinations and take such other action as 
contemplated by this Program or the Plan or as may be necessary or advisable 
for the administration or interpretation of this Program.

                                 ARTICLE VII
                                MISCELLANEOUS

     7.1.  INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

     Except where in conflict with the express terms of this Program, the 
terms of the Plan govern the Program and are incorporated by reference, 
including, without limitation, the following:  the administrative powers and 
authority of the Committee and the effect of its decisions; the unfunded 
status of benefits; provisions for non-transferability of rights; rights (or 
absence of rights) of eligible persons, participants, and beneficiaries; 
compliance with laws; tax withholding obligation of Participants; privileges 
of stock ownership; and governing law/construction/severability.

     7.2.  AMENDMENT, TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION 

     The Committee or the Board may, at any time, terminate or, from time to 
time, amend, modify or suspend this Program, in whole or in part.  No 
Restricted Stock Awards may be granted under this Program during any 
suspension of this Program or after termination of this Program.  Termination 
or amendment of this Program shall have no effect on any then outstanding 
Restricted Stock Awards.

     7.3.  TERM OF THIS PROGRAM

     The term of this Program is indefinite, subject to the term of the Plan 
and Section 7.2.  All authority of the Committee with respect to Restricted 
Stock Awards hereunder, including its authority to amend a Restricted Stock 
Award, shall continue during any suspension of this Program or the Plan, in 
respect of outstanding Restricted Stock Awards on such Termination Date.

                                       4
<PAGE>


     7.4.  NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF PROGRAM

     Nothing in this Program shall limit or be deemed to limit the authority 
of the Board or the Committee to grant awards or authorize any other 
compensation, with or without reference to the Common Stock, under the Plan 
or any other plan or authority.

     7.5   RELATIONSHIP TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

     In the case of any Participant who has an employment agreement with the 
Company, the Conversion Amount reflected by a Restricted Stock Award shall 
not be, but any remaining cash amount paid as a Cash Bonus shall be, 
considered a bonus paid in the applicable Year in which it is paid.  The 
consequences of a termination of service, whether before or after a Change in 
Control, in respect of any benefits related to the Conversion Amount shall be 
governed solely by the terms of the Restricted Stock Award.











                                       5
<PAGE>

                                                                 EXHIBIT A


                              THE MACERICH COMPANY
                        IRREVOCABLE ELECTION AGREEMENT
                                   UNDER THE
                   1999 CASH BONUS/RESTRICTED STOCK PROGRAM

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

IF DURING 1999, THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE GRANTS A CASH BONUS TO ME AND IF 
THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE THEN EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZES ME TO RECEIVE ALL OR 
PART OF THE CASH BONUS IN THE FORM OF A RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD:

    I IRREVOCABLY ELECT TO RECEIVE ____% OF MY CASH BONUS IN THE FORM OF A 
    RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD UNDER THE MACERICH COMPANY AMENDED AND RESTATED 1994
    INCENTIVE PLAN FOR THE NUMBER OF SHARES CALCULATED ACCORDING TO SECTION 4.3 
    OF THE PROGRAM.

THIS ELECTION MUST BE FILED WITH THE COMMITTEE, C/O RICHARD A. BAYER, GENERAL 
COUNSEL, 401 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD, SUITE 700, SANTA MONICA, CALIFORNIA 90401,  
BY DECEMBER 31, 1998.  IF IT IS NOT TIMELY FILED, YOU WILL HAVE NO 
OPPORTUNITY TO RECEIVE RESTRICTED STOCK IN LIEU OF ANY CASH BONUS AWARDS IN 
1999.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------


ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND AGREEMENT

I ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS ELECTION AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM 
AND THE PLAN.

I UNDERSTAND THAT THIS ELECTION IS IRREVOCABLE ON MY PART AND IS SUBJECT TO 
THE TERMS OF THE PROGRAM, THE PLAN (INCLUDING THE INDIVIDUAL SHARE AWARD 
LIMITS UNDER THE PLAN), ANY LIMITS IMPOSED BY THE COMMITTEE ON THE CONVERSION 
AMOUNT AND THE RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT.



- --------------------------------------------------
(Participant's Signature)             (Date)


- --------------------------------------------------
(Print Name)

<PAGE>

                               THE MACERICH COMPANY

                        RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT
                     AMENDED AND RESTATED 1994 INCENTIVE PLAN


Employee Name:
              ------------------------
Soc. Sec. No.:
              ------------------------
No. of Shares:
              ------------------------

Vesting Schedule:  [20%/33-1/3%*] on each anniversary of the Award Date, 
                   beginning __________ __, _____ and ending _________ __, 200_

Award Date:        ____________ __, _____


     THIS AGREEMENT is among THE MACERICH COMPANY, a Maryland corporation 
(the "Corporation"), THE MACERICH PARTNERSHIP L.P., a Delaware limited 
partnership (the "Operating Partnership"), and the employee named above, an 
employee of [the Operating Partnership](the "Employee") and is delivered 
under The Macerich Company Amended and Restated 1994 Incentive Plan (the 
"Plan").

                                  WITNESSETH

     WHEREAS, pursuant to Article IV of the Plan, the Corporation has granted 
to the Employee with reference to services rendered and to be rendered to the 
Company, effective as of the Award Date, a restricted stock award (the 
"Restricted Stock Award" or "Award"), upon the terms and conditions set forth 
herein and in the Plan.

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of services rendered by the Employee and 
the mutual promises made herein and the mutual benefits to be derived 
therefrom, the parties agree as follows:

     1.  DEFINED TERMS.  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise 
defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Plan.

     2.  GRANT.  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Corporation 
grants to the Employee a Restricted Stock Award with respect to an aggregate 
number of shares of Common Stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Restricted 
Stock") set forth above.  The Corporation acknowledges, pursuant to Section 
4.1 of the Plan, receipt of consideration for the shares in the form of 
services rendered to the Company by the Employee prior to the Award Date with 
a value (1) in the case of an award pursuant to the terms of the 
Corporation's 1999 Cash Bonus/Restricted Stock Program (the "Program") equal 
to the amount of bonus compensation in 

- -------------------------------------
* Awards to the President and Executive Vice President-Acquisitions (except 
under the Cash Bonus/Restricted Stock Program) vest at the 33-1/3% rate.  As 
of December 31, 1998, all other restricted stock awards vested at the 20% 
rate. The Committee has the authority to authorize or to change the vesting 
schedules.


                                      1
<PAGE>

cash that would otherwise have been payable to the Employee but for the 
Employee's election to receive Restricted Stock under the Program, or (2) in 
other cases, not less than the aggregate par value of the shares, which 
amount in either case is not less than the minimum lawful consideration under 
Maryland law.

     3.  VESTING.  The Award shall vest, and restrictions (other than those 
set forth in Section 6.4 of the Plan) shall lapse, with respect to the 
portion of the total number of shares (subject to adjustment under Section 
6.2 of the Plan) on each of the anniversaries of the Award Date until the 
Award is fully vested, as reflected in the Vesting Schedule above, subject to 
earlier termination or acceleration as provided herein or in the Plan.

     4.  DIVIDEND AND VOTING RIGHTS. After the Award Date, the Employee shall 
be entitled to cash dividends and voting rights with respect to the shares of 
Restricted Stock subject to the Award even though such shares are not vested, 
provided that such rights shall terminate immediately as to any shares of 
Restricted Stock that cease to be eligible for vesting.

     5.  RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER.  Prior to the time they become vested, 
neither the shares of Restricted Stock comprising the Award, nor any other 
rights of the Employee under this Agreement or the Plan may be transferred, 
except as expressly provided in Sections 1.9 and 4.1 of the Plan.  No other 
exceptions have been authorized by the Committee. 

     6.  STOCK CERTIFICATES.

         (a) BOOK ENTRY FORM; INFORMATION STATEMENT POWER OF ATTORNEY.  The 
Corporation shall issue the shares of Restricted Stock subject to the Award 
in book entry form, registered in the name of the Employee with notations 
regarding applicable restrictions on transfer.  Concurrent with the execution 
and delivery of this Agreement, the Corporation shall deliver to the Employee 
a written information statement with respect to such shares, and the Employee 
shall deliver to the Corporation an executed stock power, in blank, with 
respect to such shares.  The Employee, by acceptance of the Award, shall be 
deemed to appoint the Corporation and each of its authorized representatives 
as the Employee's attorney(s)-in-fact to effect any transfer of unvested 
forfeited shares (or shares otherwise reacquired by the Corporation 
hereunder) to the Corporation as may be required pursuant to the Plan or this 
Agreement and to execute such documents as the Corporation or such 
representatives deem necessary or advisable in connection with any such 
transfer.

         (b) CERTIFICATES TO BE HELD BY CORPORATION; LEGEND.  Any 
certificates representing Restricted Stock that the Employee may be entitled 
to receive from the Corporation prior to vesting shall be redelivered to the 
Corporation to be held by the Corporation until the restrictions on such 
shares shall have lapsed and the shares shall thereby have become vested or 
the shares represented thereby have been forfeited hereunder.  Such 
certificates shall bear the following legend: 

    "The transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock represented
    hereby are subject to the terms and conditions contained in an Agreement 
    entered into between the registered owner, The Macerich Partnership L.P. and
    The Macerich Company.  A copy of 

                                      2
<PAGE>


    such Agreement is on file in the office of the Secretary of The Macerich 
    Company, 401 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 700, Santa Monica, California 
    90401."

         (c) DELIVERY OF CERTIFICATES UPON VESTING.  Promptly after the lapse 
or other release of restrictions, a certificate or certificates evidencing 
the number of shares of Common Stock as to which the restrictions have lapsed 
or been released or such lesser number as may be permitted pursuant to 
Section 6.5 of the Plan shall be delivered to the Employee or other person 
entitled under the Plan to receive the shares.  The Employee or such other 
person shall deliver to the Corporation any representations or other 
documents or assurances required pursuant to Section 6.4 of the Plan.  The 
shares so delivered shall no longer be restricted shares hereunder. 

     7.  EFFECT OF TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT.

         (a) FORFEITURE AFTER CERTAIN EVENTS.  Except as provided in Sections 
7(c) and 8 hereof, the Employee's shares of Restricted Stock shall be 
forfeited to the extent such shares have not become vested upon the date the 
Employee is no longer employed by the Company for any reason, whether with or 
without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily.  If an entity ceases to be a 
Subsidiary, such action shall be deemed to be a termination of employment of 
all employees of that entity, but the Committee, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, may make provision in such circumstances for accelerated vesting 
of some or all of the remaining restricted shares under any Awards held by 
such employees, effective immediately prior to such event.

         (b) RETURN OF SHARES.  Upon the occurrence of any forfeiture of 
shares of Restricted Stock hereunder, such unvested, forfeited shares shall, 
without payment of any consideration by the Corporation for such transfer, be 
automatically transferred to the Corporation, without any other action by the 
Employee, or the Employee's Beneficiary or Personal Representative, as the 
case may be.  The Corporation may exercise its powers under Section 6(a) 
hereof and take any other action necessary or advisable to evidence such 
transfer.  The Employee, or the Employee's Beneficiary or Personal 
Representative, as the case may be, and the Operating Partnership shall 
deliver any additional documents of transfer that the Corporation may request 
to confirm the transfer of such unvested, forfeited shares to the Corporation.

         (c) TERMINATION WITHOUT CAUSE FOLLOWING CHANGE IN CONTROL EVENT.  If 
the Employee's employment is terminated by the Company other than because of 
Employee's death or Disability or for Cause, or if the Employee after a 
Change in Control Event terminates his or her employment for Good Reason, 
then any portion of the Award that has not previously vested shall thereupon 
vest, subject to the provisions of Sections 6.4 and 6.5 of the Plan and 
Section 11 hereof; provided, however, that in no event shall restrictions on 
the shares lapse or the shares vest earlier than six months after the date 
hereof.  As used in this Agreement, "Disability" shall mean (1) a "permanent 
and total disability" within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, (2) 
the absence of Employee from his or her duties with the Company on a 
full-time basis for a period of nine months as a result of incapacity due to 
mental or physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent by a 
physician selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the 
Employee or the Employee's legal representative (such agreement as to 
acceptability not to be withheld unreasonably), or (3) such other  
disabilities, infirmities, 

                                      3
<PAGE>


afflictions or conditions as the Committee by rule may include.  "Incapacity" 
as used in this Agreement shall be limited only to a condition that 
substantially prevents the Employee from performing his or her duties.  
"Cause" as used in this Agreement shall mean that the Company, acting in good 
faith based upon the information then known to the Company, determines that 
the Employee has:  (1) failed to perform required job duties in a material 
respect without proper cause, (2) been convicted of a felony, or (3) 
committed an act of fraud, dishonesty or gross misconduct which is injurious 
to the Company.  "Good Reason" as used in this Agreement shall mean (1) a 
materially adverse and significant change in the Employee's position, duties, 
responsibilities, or status with the Company, (2) a change in the Employee's 
office location to a point more than 50 miles from the Employee's office 
immediately prior to a Change in Control, (3) the taking of any action 
following a Change in Control by the Company to eliminate benefit plans 
without providing reasonable substitutes therefor, to materially reduce 
benefits thereunder or to substantially diminish the aggregate value of 
incentive awards or other fringe benefits, (4) any reduction in the 
Employee's base salary, or (5) any material breach by the Company of the 
written employment contract with Employee, if any.

     8.  EFFECT OF DISABILITY, DEATH OR RETIREMENT.  If the Employee incurs a 
Disability or dies while employed by the Company, then any portion of his or 
her Award that has not previously vested shall thereupon vest, subject to the 
provisions of Sections 6.4 and 6.5 of the Plan.  If the Employee retires from 
employment by the Company, the Committee may, on a case-by-case basis and in 
its sole discretion, provide for partial or complete vesting prior to 
retirement of that portion of his or her Award that has not previously vested.

     9.  ADJUSTMENTS UPON SPECIFIED EVENTS.  Upon the occurrence of certain 
events relating to the Corporation's stock contemplated by Section 6.2 of the 
Plan, the Committee shall make adjustments if appropriate in the number and 
kind of securities that may become vested under an Award.  If any adjustment 
shall be made under Section 6.2 of the Plan or a Change in Control Event 
shall occur and the shares of Restricted Stock are not fully vested upon such 
Event or prior thereto, the restrictions applicable to such shares of 
Restricted Stock shall continue in effect with respect to any consideration 
or other securities (the "RESTRICTED PROPERTY" and, for the purposes of this 
Agreement, "Restricted Stock" shall include "Restricted Property", unless the 
content otherwise requires) received in respect of such Restricted Stock.  
Such Restricted Property shall vest at such times and in such proportion as 
the shares of Restricted Stock to which the Restricted Property is 
attributable vest, or would have vested pursuant to the terms hereof if such 
shares of Restricted Stock had remained outstanding.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, to the extent that the Restricted Property includes any cash, the 
commitment hereunder shall become an unsecured promise to pay an amount equal 
to such cash (with earnings attributable thereto as if such amount had been 
invested, pursuant to policies established by the Committee, in interest 
bearing, FDIC-insured (subject to applicable insurance limits) deposits of a 
depository institution selected by the Committee) at such times and in such 
proportions as the Restricted Stock would have vested.

     10. POSSIBLE EARLY TERMINATION OF AWARD.  As permitted by Section 6.2(b) 
of the Plan, the Committee retains the right to terminate the Award to the 
extent not vested upon an event or transaction which the Corporation does not 
survive.  This Section 10 is not intended to prevent vesting of the Award as 
a result of termination without Cause following a Change in Control Event as 
provided in Section 7(c) hereof.

                                      4
<PAGE>


     11. LIMITATIONS ON ACCELERATION AND REDUCTION IN BENEFITS IN EVENT OF 
         TAX LIMITATIONS.

     (a) LIMITATION ON ACCELERATION.  Notwithstanding anything contained 
herein or in the Plan or any other agreement to the contrary, in no event 
shall the vesting of any share of Restricted Stock be accelerated pursuant to 
Section 6.3 of the Plan or Section 7(c) hereof to the extent that the Company 
would be denied a federal income tax deduction for such vesting because of 
Section 280G of the Code and, in such circumstances, the restricted shares 
not subject to acceleration will continue to vest in accordance with and 
subject to the other provisions hereof.

     (b) REDUCTION IN BENEFITS.  If the Employee would be entitled to 
benefits, payments or coverage hereunder and under any other plan, program or 
agreement which would constitute "parachute payments," then notwithstanding 
any other provision hereof or of any other existing agreement to the 
contrary, the Employee Participant may by written notice to the Secretary of 
the Corporation designate the order in which such "parachute payments" shall 
be reduced or modified so that the Company is not denied federal income tax 
deductions for any "parachute payments" because of Section 280G of the Code.

     (c) DETERMINATION OF LIMITATIONS.  The term "parachute payments" shall 
have the meaning set forth in and be determined in accordance with Section 
280G of the Code and regulations issued thereunder.  All determinations 
required by this Section 11, including without limitation the determination 
of whether any benefit, payment or coverage would constitute a parachute 
payment, the calculation of the value of any parachute payment and the 
determination of the extent to which any parachute payment would be 
nondeductible for federal income tax purposes because of Section 280G of the 
Code, shall be made by an independent accounting firm (other than the 
Corporation's outside auditing firm) having nationally recognized expertise 
in such matters selected by the Committee.  Any such determination by such 
accounting firm shall be binding on the Corporation, its Subsidiaries and the 
Employee.

     12. TAX WITHHOLDING.  The entity within the Company last employing the 
Employee shall be entitled to require a cash payment by or on behalf of the 
Employee and/or to deduct from other compensation payable to the Employee any 
sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be withheld with respect 
to the vesting of any Restricted Stock, but, in the alternative the Employee 
or other person in whom the Restricted Stock vests may irrevocably elect, in 
such manner and at such time or times prior to any applicable tax date as may 
be permitted or required under Section 6.5 of the Plan and rules established 
by the Committee, to have the entity last employing the Employee withhold and 
reacquire shares of Restricted Stock at their Fair Market Value at the time 
of vesting to satisfy any withholding obligations of the Company with respect 
to such vesting.  Any election to have shares so held back and reacquired 
shall be subject to such rules and procedures, which may include prior 
approval of the Committee, as the Committee may impose, and shall not be 
available if the Employee makes or has made an election pursuant to Section 
83(b) of the Code with respect to such Award.

     13. NOTICES.  Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement 
shall be in writing and addressed to the Corporation at its principal office 
located at 401 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 700, Santa Monica, California 90401, 
to the attention of the Corporate 

                                      5
<PAGE>

Secretary and to the Employee at the address given beneath the Employee's 
signature hereto, or at such other address as either party may hereafter 
designate in writing to the other.

     14. PLAN.  The Award and all rights of the Employee with respect thereto 
are subject to, and the Employee agrees to be bound by, all of the terms and 
conditions of the provisions of the Plan, incorporated herein by reference, 
to the extent such provisions are applicable to Awards granted to Eligible 
Employees.  The Employee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, which is 
made a part hereof by this reference, and agrees to be bound by the terms 
thereof.  Unless otherwise expressly provided in other Sections of this 
Agreement, provisions of the Plan that confer discretionary authority on the 
Committee do not (and shall not be deemed to) create any rights in the 
Employee unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise 
in the sole discretion of the Committee so conferred by appropriate action of 
the Committee under the Plan after the date hereof.











                                      6
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the 
date first above written.  By the Employee's execution of this Agreement, the 
Employee agrees to the terms and conditions hereof and of the Plan.

THE MACERICH COMPANY
(a Maryland corporation)


By 
  --------------------------
  Richard A. Bayer
  General Counsel & Secretary



THE MACERICH PARTNERSHIP, L.P.
(a Delaware limited partnership)

By: The Macerich Company
    (its general partner)


    By 
      ----------------------
      Richard A. Bayer
      General Counsel & Secretary




                                       EMPLOYEE
                                

                                       ----------------------------------
                                               (Signature)


                                       ----------------------------------
                                               (Print Name)


                                       ----------------------------------
                                               (Address)


                                       ----------------------------------
                                               (City, State, Zip Code)


                                      7
<PAGE>


                               CONSENT OF SPOUSE

     In consideration of the execution of the foregoing Restricted Stock 
Award Agreement by The Macerich Company and The Macerich Partnership L.P., I, 
__________________, the spouse of the Employee therein named, do hereby join 
with my spouse in executing the foregoing Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
and do hereby agree to be bound by all of the terms and provisions thereof 
and of the Plan.


Dated:  _____________, _____.


                                              --------------------------
                                                 Signature of Spouse










                                      8

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.19
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JUNE 17
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                           REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of June 17, 1998 (this
"AGREEMENT"), by and between The Macerich Company, a Maryland corporation (the
"COMPANY"), and The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board, an Ontario corporation
(the "INVESTOR").

          WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Series B Preferred Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 16, 1998 (the "PURCHASE AGREEMENT"), by and
between the Company and the Investor, the Investor has agreed to acquire
5,487,471 shares of Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$.01 per share, of the Company (the "PREFERRED SHARES"), all of which may be
converted into shares of the Company's common stock, par value $.01 per share
(the "COMMON SHARES"), pursuant to the terms of the Preferred Shares; and

          WHEREAS, in connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company has
agreed to register for sale by the Investor and certain transferees, the Common
Shares received by the Investor upon conversion of Preferred Shares (the
"REGISTRABLE SHARES"); and

          WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to enter into this Agreement to
evidence the foregoing agreement of the Company and the mutual covenants of the
parties relating thereto.

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the covenants of
the parties set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein, the parties hereby agree as follows:

          Section 1. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.  In this Agreement the following
terms shall have the following respective meanings:

          "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 501 of
the General Rules and Regulations promulgated under the Securities Act.

          "AFFILIATE" shall mean, when used with respect to a specified Person,
another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by or is under common control with the Person
specified.

          "COMMISSION" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission or any
other federal agency at the time administering the Securities Act.

          "EXCHANGE ACT" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, all as the
same shall be in effect at the relevant time.

          "HOLDERS" shall mean (i) the Investor and (ii) each Person holding
Registrable Shares (which term, for purposes of this definition shall include
Common Shares that may be issued upon conversion of outstanding Preferred
Shares) as a result of a transfer or assignment to 

<PAGE>

that Person of Registrable Shares other than pursuant to an effective
registration statement or Rule 144 under the Securities Act, which transfer or
assignment is properly completed in accordance with Section 10 hereof.

          "INDEMNIFIED PARTY" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 6(c) of this Agreement.

          "INDEMNIFYING PARTY" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 6(c) of this Agreement.

          "PERSON" shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, estate,
trust, association, private foundation, joint stock company or other entity.

          "PIGGYBACK NOTICE" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 3(a) of this Agreement.

          "PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 3(a) of this Agreement.

          "PREFERRED SHARES" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the
recitals to this Agreement.

          The terms "REGISTER," "REGISTERED" and "REGISTRATION" refer to a
registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement in
compliance with the Securities Act providing for the sale by the Holders of
Registrable Shares in accordance with the method or methods of distribution
designated by the Holders, and the declaration or ordering of the effectiveness
of such registration statement by the Commission.

          "REGISTRABLE SHARES" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the
recitals to this Agreement, except that as to any particular Registrable Shares,
once issued such securities shall cease to be Registrable Shares when (a) a
registration statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have
become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been
disposed of in accordance with such registration statement, (b) such securities
shall have been sold in accordance with Rule 144 (or any successor provision)
under the Securities Act or (c) if in the opinion of counsel reasonably
acceptable to the Company and the Holders securities may be sold in a
transaction exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of
the Securities Act and the Company has removed all transfer restrictions and
legends with respect to the registration and prospectus delivery requirements
for the consummation of such sale.

          "REGISTRATION EXPENSES" shall mean all out-of-pocket expenses
(excluding Selling Expenses) incurred by the Company in connection with any
attempted or completed registration pursuant to Sections 2, 3 and 4 hereof,
including, without limitation, the following: (a) all registration, filing and
listing fees; (b) fees and expenses of compliance with federal and state
securities or real estate syndication laws (including, without limitation,
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel in connection with state securities
and real estate syndication qualifications of the Registrable Shares under the
laws of such jurisdictions as the Holders may reasonably designate);
(c) printing (including, without limitation, expenses of printing or 


                                          2
<PAGE>

engraving certificates for the Registrable Shares in a form eligible for deposit
with The Depository Trust Company and otherwise meeting the requirements of any
securities exchange on which they are listed and of printing registration
statements and prospectuses), messenger, telephone, shipping and delivery
expenses; (d) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company; (e) fees and
disbursements of all independent public accountants of the Company (including
without limitation the expenses of any annual or special audit and "cold
comfort" letters required by the managing underwriter); (f) Securities Act
liability insurance if the Company so desires; (g) fees and expenses of other
Persons reasonably necessary in connection with the registration, including any
experts, retained by the Company; (h) fees and expenses incurred in connection
with the listing of the Registrable Shares on each securities exchange on which
securities of the same class or series are then listed; and (i) fees and
expenses associated with any filing with the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc. required to be made in connection with the registration statement.

          "REGISTRATION REQUEST" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Section 2(a) of this Agreement.

          "RULE 144" shall mean Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission under the
Securities Act.

          "SECURITIES ACT" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, all as the same
shall be in effect at the relevant time.

          "SELLING EXPENSES" shall mean all underwriting discounts, selling
commissions and stock transfer taxes applicable to any sale of Registrable
Shares and, if neither the Company nor any person not a Holder includes
securities with the subject Registration, shall include all travel and other
expenses of members of the management of the Company and its affiliates (and if
the Company or any such Person shall so include securities, Selling Expenses
shall include a pro rata portion of such travel and other expenses).

          Section 2. DEMAND REGISTRATION.

          (a)  Upon receipt of a written request (a "REGISTRATION REQUEST")
delivered not earlier than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of this
Agreement from Holders holding at least 50% of the aggregate of the number of
Registrable Shares then outstanding, the Company shall (i) promptly give notice
of the Registration Request to all non-requesting Holders and (ii) prepare and
file with the Commission, within 45 days after its receipt of such Registration
Request a registration statement for the purpose of effecting a Registration of
the sale of all Registrable Shares by the requesting Holders and any other
Holder who requests to have his Registrable Shares included in such registration
statement within 10 days after receipt of notice by such Holder of the
Registration Request.  The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to
effect such Registration as soon as practicable but not later than 120 days
after its receipt of such Registration Request (including, without limitation,
the execution of an undertaking to file post-effective amendments and
appropriate qualification under applicable state securities and real estate
syndication laws); and shall keep such Registration continuously effective until
the earlier of (i) the third anniversary of the date hereof, (ii) the date on
which all Registrable Shares 


                                          3
<PAGE>

registered pursuant to such Registration have been sold pursuant to such
registration statement or Rule 144, and (iii) the date on which, in the opinion
of counsel reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Holders,  all of the
Registrable Shares registered pursuant to such Registration may be sold in
accordance with Rule 144(k); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Company shall not be
obligated to take any action to effect any such Registration, qualification or
compliance pursuant to this Section 2 in any particular jurisdiction in which
the Company would be required to execute a general consent to service of process
in effecting such Registration, qualification or compliance unless the Company
is already subject to service in such jurisdiction.

          Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have the right (the
"SUSPENSION RIGHT") to defer such filing (or suspend sales under any filed
registration statement or defer the updating of any filed registration statement
and suspend sales thereunder) for a period of not more than 105 days during any
one-year period ending on December 31, if the Company shall furnish to the
Holders a certificate signed by an executive officer or any director of the
Company stating that, in the good faith judgment of the Company, it would be
detrimental to the Company and its shareholders to file such registration
statement or amendment thereto at such time (or continue sales under a filed
registration statement) and therefore the Company has elected to defer the
filing of such registration statement (or suspend sales under a filed
registration statement).

          (b)  The Company shall not be required to effect more than two (2) 
Registrations pursuant to this Section 2.

          Section 3. PIGGYBACK REGISTRATIONS.

          (a)  On and after the Conversion Date (as defined in the Series B
Preferred Articles Supplementary), so long as the Investor and its Affiliates 
hold at least 50% of the Registrable Shares, if the Company proposes to register
under the Securities Act any of its common equity securities with an expected
aggregate offering price to the public of at least $100 million (other than
pursuant to (i) a registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act, (ii) a registration on Form S-4 or any successor form, or
(iii) an offering of securities in connection with an employee benefit, share
dividend, share ownership or dividend reinvestment plan) and the registration
form to be used may be used for the registration of Registrable Shares, the
Company will give prompt written notice to all Holders of Registrable Shares of
its intention to effect such a registration (each a "PIGGYBACK NOTICE") and,
subject to subparagraph 3(c) below, the Company will include in such
registration all Registrable Shares with respect to which the Company has
received written requests for inclusion therein within ten days after the date
of sending the Piggyback Notice (a "PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION"), unless, if the
Piggyback Registration is not an underwritten offering, the Company in its
reasonable judgement determines that, or in the case of an underwritten
Piggyback Registration, the managing underwriters advise the Company in writing
that in their opinion, the inclusion of Registrable Shares would adversely
interfere with such offering, affect the Company's securities in the public
markets, or otherwise adversely affect the Company.  Nothing herein shall affect
the right of the Company to withdraw any such registration in its sole
discretion.

          (b)  If a Piggyback Registration is a primary registration on behalf
of the Company and, if the Piggyback Registration is not an underwritten
offering, the Company in its 


                                          4
<PAGE>

reasonable judgement determines that, or in the case of an underwritten
Piggyback Registration, the managing underwriters advise the Company in writing
that in their opinion, the number of securities requested to be included in such
registration exceeds the number which can be sold in an orderly manner within a
price range acceptable to the Company, the Company will include in such
registration (i) first, the securities the Company proposes to sell and
(ii) second, the Registrable Shares requested to be included in such
Registration and any other securities requested to be included in such
registration, pro rata among the holders of Registrable Shares requesting such
registration and the holders of such other securities on the basis of the number
of Shares requested for inclusion in such registration by each such holder.

          (c)  If a Piggyback Registration is a secondary registration on behalf
of holders of the Company's securities other than the holders of Registrable
Shares, and, if the Piggyback Registration is not an underwritten offering, the
Company determines that, or in the case of an underwritten Piggyback
Registration, the managing underwriters advise the Company in writing that in
their opinion, the number of securities requested to be included in such
registration exceeds the number which can be sold in an orderly manner in such
offering within a price range acceptable to the holders initially requesting
such registration, the Company will include in such registration the securities
requested to be included therein by the holders requesting such registration and
the Registrable Shares requested to be included in such registration, pro rata
among the holders of securities requesting such registration on the basis of the
number of Shares initially requested for inclusion in such registration by each
such holder, subject to any preferential registration rights granted prior to
the date of this Agreement.

          (d)  In the case of an underwritten Piggyback Registration, the
Company will have the right to select the investment banker(s) and manager(s) to
administer the offering.  In a registration pursuant to Section 2(a), the
Holders requesting registration shall have the right to select the investment
banker(s) and manager(s) to administer the offering, which shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Company.  If requested by the underwriters for any
underwritten offerings by Holders, under a registration requested pursuant to
Section 2(a), the Company will enter into a customary underwriting agreement
with such underwriters for such offering, to contain such representations and
warranties by the Company and such other terms as are customarily contained in
agreements of that type.  The Holders who elect to register Registrable Shares
shall be a party to such underwriting agreement and may, at their option,
require that any or all of the conditions precedent to the obligations of such
underwriters under such underwriting agreement be conditions precedent to the
obligations of Holders.  Such Holders shall not be required to make any
representations or warranties to or agreement with the Company or the
underwriters other than representations, warranties or agreements regarding the
Holders and the Holders' intended method of distribution and any other
representation or warranties required by law.

          Section 4. REGISTRATION PROCEDURES.

          (a)  The Company shall promptly notify the Holders of the occurrence
of the following events:


                                          5
<PAGE>

               (i)   when any registration statement relating to the
Registrable Shares or post-effective amendment thereto filed with the Commission
has become effective;

               (ii)  the issuance by the Commission of any stop order
suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement relating to the
Registrable Shares;

               (iii) the suspension of an effective registration statement by
the Company in accordance with the last paragraph of Section 2(a) hereof;

(iv)the Company's receipt of any notification of the suspension of the
qualification of any Registrable Shares covered by a registration statement for
sale in any jurisdiction; and

               (v)   the existence of any event, fact or circumstance that
results in a registration statement or prospectus relating to Registrable Shares
or any document incorporated therein by reference containing an untrue statement
of material fact or omitting to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading during the
distribution of securities.

          The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the
withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of any such registration
statement or any state qualification as promptly as possible.  The Investor
agrees by acquisition of the Registrable Shares that upon receipt of any notice
from the Company of the occurrence of any event of the type described in Section
4(a)(ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) to immediately discontinue its disposition of
Registrable Shares pursuant to any registration statement relating to such
securities until the Investor's receipt of written notice from the Company that
such disposition may be made.

          (b)  The Company shall provide to the Holders, at no cost to the
Holders, a copy of the registration statement and any amendment thereto used to
effect the Registration of the Registrable Shares, each prospectus contained in
such registration statement or post-effective amendment and any amendment or
supplement thereto and such other documents as the requesting Holders may
reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable
Shares covered by such registration statement.  The Company consents to the use
of each such prospectus and any supplement thereto by the Holders in connection
with the offering and sale of the Registrable Shares covered by such
registration statement or any amendment thereto.  The Company shall also file a
sufficient number of copies of the prospectus and any post-effective amendment
or supplement thereto with the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. (or, if the Common
Shares are no longer listed thereon, with such other securities exchange or
market on which the Common Shares are then listed) so as to enable the Holders
to have the benefits of the prospectus delivery provisions of Rule 153 under the
Securities Act.

          (c)  The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause
the Registrable Shares covered by a registration statement to be registered with
or approved by such state securities authorities as may be necessary to enable
the Holders to consummate the disposition of such shares pursuant to the plan of
distribution set forth in the registration 


                                          6
<PAGE>

statement; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to take
any action to effect any such Registration, qualification or compliance pursuant
to this Section 4 in any particular jurisdiction in which the Company would be
required to execute a general consent to service of process in effecting such
Registration, qualification or compliance unless the Company is already subject
to service in such jurisdiction..

          (d)  Subject to the Company's Suspension Right, if any event, fact or
circumstance requiring an amendment to a registration statement relating to the
Registrable Shares or supplement to a prospectus relating to the Registrable
Shares shall exist, immediately upon becoming aware thereof the Company agrees
to notify the Holders and prepare and furnish to the Holders a post-effective
amendment to the registration statement or supplement to the prospectus or any
document incorporated therein by reference or file any other required document
so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Shares,
the prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading.

          (e)  The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts (including
the payment of any listing fees) to obtain the listing of all Registrable Shares
covered by the registration statement on each securities exchange on which
securities of the same class or series are then listed.

          (f)  The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to comply
with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act in connection with the offer and
sale of Registrable Shares pursuant to a registration statement, and, as soon as
reasonably practicable following the end of any fiscal year during which a
registration statement effecting a Registration of the Registrable Shares shall
have been effective, to make available to its security holders an earnings
statement satisfying the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act.

          (g)  The Company agrees to cooperate with the selling Holders to
facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing
Registrable Shares to be sold pursuant to a Registration and not bearing any
Securities Act legend; and enable certificates for such Registrable Shares to be
issued for such numbers of shares and registered in such names as the Holders
may reasonably request at least two business days prior to any sale of
Registrable Shares.

          Section 5. EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.  The Company shall pay all
Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the registration,
qualification or compliance pursuant to Sections 2, 3 and 4 hereof.  All Selling
Expenses incurred in connection with the sale of Registrable Shares by any of
the Holders shall be borne by the Holder selling such Registrable Shares.  Each
Holder shall pay the expenses of its own counsel.

          Section 6. INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION.

          (a)  The Company will (i) indemnify each Holder, each Holder's
officers and directors, and each person controlling such Holder within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, against all expenses, claims,
losses, damages and liabilities (including reasonable legal expenses), arising
out of or based on any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a 


                                          7
<PAGE>

material fact contained in any registration statement or prospectus relating to
the Registrable Shares, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or based on any
omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and
(ii) reimburse each Holder for all reasonable legal or other expenses incurred
in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim as such
expenses are incurred, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Company will not be liable in
any such case to the extent that any such claim, loss, damage, liability or
expense arises out of or is based on any untrue statement or omission or alleged
untrue statement or omission, made in reliance upon and in conformity with
information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder or underwriter
for inclusion therein; and PROVIDED FURTHER, that in the case of a
nonunderwritten offering, the Company shall not be liable in any such case with
respect to any preliminary prospectus or preliminary prospectus supplement to
the extent that any such expenses, claims, losses, damages and liabilities
result from the fact that Registrable Shares were sold to a person as to whom it
shall be established that there was not sent or given at or prior to the written
confirmation of such sale a copy of the prospectus as then amended or
supplemented under circumstances were such delivery is required under the
Securities Act, if the Company shall have previously furnished copies thereof to
such Indemnified Person in sufficient quantities to enable such Indemnified
Party to satisfy such obligations and the expense, claim, loss, damage or
liability of such Indemnified Person results from an untrue statement or
omission of a material fact contained it the preliminary prospectus or the
preliminary prospectus supplement which was corrected in the prospectus.

          (b)  Each Holder selling shares pursuant to a Registration (and, in
the case of a nonunderwritten offering, any agents of each Holder that
facilitate the distribution of Registrable Shares) will (i) indemnify the
Company, each of its directors and each of its officers who signs the
registration statement, each underwriter, if any, of the Company's securities
covered by such registration statement, and each person who controls the Company
or such underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act,
against all expenses, claims, losses, damages and liabilities (including
reasonable legal fees and expenses) arising out of or based on any untrue
statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact contained in any such
registration statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or
based on any omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue
statement (or alleged untrue statement) or omission (or alleged omission) is
made in such registration statement or prospectus, in reliance upon and in
conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder
for inclusion therein, and (ii) reimburse the Company for all reasonable legal
or other expenses incurred in connection with investigating or defending any
such action or claim as such expenses are incurred.

          (c)  Each party entitled to indemnification under this Section 6 (the
"INDEMNIFIED PARTY") shall give notice to the party required to provide
indemnification (the "INDEMNIFYING PARTY") promptly after such Indemnified Party
has actual knowledge of any claim as to which indemnity may be sought, but the
omission to so notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve it from any
liability which it may have to the Indemnified Party pursuant to the provisions
of this Section 6 except to the extent of the actual damages suffered by such
delay in notification.  The Indemnifying Party shall assume the defense of such
action, including the employment of counsel to be chosen by the Indemnifying
Party to be reasonably satisfactory to 


                                          8
<PAGE>

the Indemnified Party, and payment of expenses.  The Indemnified Party shall
have the right to employ its own counsel in any such case, but the legal fees
and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnified Party,
unless the employment of such counsel shall have been authorized in writing by
the Indemnifying Party in connection with the defense of such action, or the
Indemnifying Party shall not have employed counsel to take charge of the defense
of such action or the Indemnified Party shall have reasonably concluded that
there may be defenses available to it or them which are different from or
additional to those available to the Indemnifying Party (in which case the
Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action
on behalf of the Indemnified Party), in any of which events such fees and
expenses shall be borne by the Indemnifying Party.  No Indemnifying Party, in
the defense of any such claim or litigation, shall, except with the consent of
each Indemnified Party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any
settlement which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by
the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party of a release from all
liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

          (d)  If the indemnification provided for in this Section 6 is
unavailable to a party that would have been an Indemnified Party under this
Section 6 in respect of any expenses, claims, losses, damages and liabilities
referred to herein, then each party that would have been an Indemnifying Party
hereunder shall, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, contribute to
the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such
expenses, claims, losses, damages and liabilities in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party on the one
hand and such Indemnified Party on the other in connection with the statement or
omission which resulted in such expenses, claims, losses, damages and
liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.  The
relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether
the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or
alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the
Indemnifying Party or such Indemnified Party and the parties' relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
statement or omission.  The Company and each Holder agree that it would not be
just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section were determined by
pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take
account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 6(d).

          (e)  No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to
contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation.

          (f)  In no event shall any Holder be liable for any expenses, claims,
losses, damages or liabilities pursuant to this Section 6 in excess of the net
proceeds to such Holder of any Registrable Shares sold by such Holder.

          Section 7. INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED BY HOLDERS.  Each Holder shall
furnish to the Company such information as the Company may reasonably request
and as shall be required in connection with the Registration and related
proceedings referred to in Section 2 or Section 3 hereof.  If any Holder fails
to provide the Company with such information within 10 days of receipt of the
Company's request, the Company's obligations under Section 2 or 


                                          9
<PAGE>

Section 3 hereof, as applicable, with respect to such Holder or the Registrable
Shares owned by such Holder, shall be suspended until such Holder provides such
information.

          Section 8. UNDERTAKING TO PARTICIPATE IN UNDERWRITING.  If the
Holders of at least $75 million of the Registrable Shares shall propose to sell
Registrable Shares in an underwritten public offering, the Company shall make
available, for reasonable periods of time and with reasonable notice,  members
of the management of the Company and its affiliates for reasonable assistance in
selling efforts relating to such offering, to the extent customary for a public
offering (including, without limitation, to the extent customary, senior
management attendance at due diligence meetings with the underwriters and their
counsel and road shows) and shall enter into underwriting agreements containing
usual and customary terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to the Company
for such types of offerings.

          Section 9. RULE 144 SALES.

          (a)  The Company covenants that it will use its best efforts to file
the reports required to be filed by the Company under the Exchange Act, so as to
enable any Holder to sell Registrable Shares pursuant to Rule 144 under the
Securities Act.

          (b)  In connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition by any
Holder of any Registrable Shares pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act,
the Company shall cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely
preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Shares to be
sold and not bearing any Securities Act legend, and enable certificates for such
Registrable Shares to be for such number of shares and registered in such names
as the selling Holder may reasonably request at least two business days prior to
any sale of Registrable Shares.

          Section 10.    TRANSFER OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.  The rights and
obligations of a Holder under this Agreement may be transferred or otherwise
assigned to a transferee or assignee of Registrable Shares provided that
(i) such transferee or assignee becomes a party to this Agreement or agrees in
writing to be subject to the terms hereof to the same extent as if such
transferee or assignee were an original party hereunder and (ii) the Company is
given written notice by such Holder of such transfer or assignment stating the
name and address of such transferee or assignee and identifying the securities
with regard to which such rights and obligations are being transferred or
assigned.

          Section 11.    MISCELLANEOUS.

          (a)  GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement shall be governed in all respects
by the laws of the State of Maryland.

          (b)  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement constitutes the full and entire
understanding and agreement between the parties with regard to the subject
matter hereof.

          (c)  AMENDMENT.  No supplement, modification, waiver or termination of
this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and
the Holders of at least two-thirds of the Registrable Shares.


                                          10
<PAGE>

          (d)  NOTICES, ETC.  Each notice, demand, request, request for
approval, consent, approval, disapproval, designation or other communication
(each of the foregoing being referred to herein as a notice) required or desired
to be given or made under this Agreement shall be in writing (except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement), and shall be effective and deemed to have
been received (i) when delivered in person, (ii) when sent by fax with receipt
acknowledged, (iii) five (5) days after having been mailed by certified or
registered United States mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or
(iv) the next business day after having been sent by a nationally recognized
overnight mail or courier service, receipt requested.  Notices shall be
addressed as follows: (a) if to the Investor, at the Investor's address or fax
number set forth below its signature hereon, or at such other address or fax
number as the Investor shall have furnished to the Company in writing, or (b) if
to any assignee or transferee of an Investor, at such address or fax number as
such assignee or transferee shall have furnished the Company in writing, or
(c) if to the Company, at the address of its principal executive offices and
addressed to the attention of the President, or at such other address or fax
number as the Company shall have furnished to the Investors or any assignee or
transferee.  Any notice or other communication required to be given hereunder to
a Holder in connection with a registration may instead be given to the
designated representative of such Holder.

          (e)  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which may be executed by fewer than all of the parties
hereto (PROVIDED that each party executes one or more counterparts), each of
which shall be enforceable against the parties actually executing such
counterparts, and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.

          (f)  SEVERABILITY.  In the event that any provision of this Agreement
becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal,
unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect
without said provision.

          (g)  SECTION TITLES.  Section titles are for descriptive purposes only
and shall not control or alter the meaning of this Agreement as set forth in the
text.

          (h)  SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.  This Agreement shall be binding upon the
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

          (i)  REMEDIES.  The Company and the Investor acknowledge that there
would be no adequate remedy at law if any party fails to perform any of its
obligations hereunder, and accordingly agree that the Company and each Holder,
in addition to any other remedy to which it may be entitled at law or in equity,
shall be entitled to compel specific performance of the obligations of another
party under this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement in any court of the United States or any State thereof having
jurisdiction.

          (j)  ATTORNEYS' FEES.  If the Company or any Holder brings an action
to enforce its rights under this Agreement, the prevailing party in the action
shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred in connection with such action,
including any appeal of such action.

                              [signature page follows]


                                          11

<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the date first above written.

                                   THE MACERICH COMPANY

                                   By:  /s/ Richard A. Bayer 
                                        ------------------------------
                                        General Counsel and Secretary

                                   THE ONTARIO TEACHERS' PENSION PLAN BOARD


                                   By: /s/ Andrea Stephen
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                       Portfolio Manager
                                   Address: 

                                   Fax Number: 


                                          12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.20
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>REDEMPTION, REGISTRATION RIGHTS AND LOCKUP AGREEME
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

               REDEMPTION, REGISTRATION RIGHTS AND LOCK-UP AGREEMENT



          This REDEMPTION, REGISTRATION RIGHTS AND LOCK-UP AGREEMENT is made as
of the 24th day of July, 1998 (this "AGREEMENT"), among THE MACERICH COMPANY, a
Maryland corporation (the "COMPANY"), The Macerich Partnership, L.P., a Delaware
limited partnership (the "PARTNERSHIP"), and the investors set forth on the
signature pages hereto (each an "INVESTOR" and collectively the "INVESTORS").




                                W I T N E S S E T H:
                                - - - - - - - - - - 


          WHEREAS, on the Closing Date (as defined below), each of the Investors
will hold units ("OP Units") representing a limited partnership interest in the
Partnership, which may be redeemed for shares of Common Stock, $.01 par value
per share, of the Company (the "COMMON STOCK") on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Agreement of Limited Partnership (the "PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT") of
the Partnership;

          WHEREAS, the Company has agreed to provide Investors with certain
redemption and registration rights as set forth herein;

          WHEREAS, the Investors have agreed to the Lock-Up provision set forth
herein; and

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and
undertakings contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and subject to and
on the terms and conditions herein set forth, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

                                     ARTICLE I
                                          
                                CERTAIN DEFINITIONS


          1.1  "BUSINESS DAY" means any day on which the New York Stock Exchange
is open for trading.

          1.2  "CLOSING DATE" means the date hereof.

          1.3  "ELIGIBLE SECURITIES" means all or any portion of any shares of
Common Stock acquired by Investors upon redemption of OP Units held by Investors
on the Closing Date, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if upon any redemption of OP Units
the Company issues to any Investor Common Stock where its issuance was
registered under the Securities Act ("Unrestricted Common Stock"), such shares
of Unrestricted Common Stock shall not be deemed Eligible 


                                          1
<PAGE>

Securities for purposes of this Agreement and the Investor will have no
registration rights, and the Company will be relieved of all of its obligations
hereunder, with respect to those shares of Unrestricted Common Stock.

          As to any proposed offer or sale of Eligible Securities, such
securities shall cease to be Eligible Securities with respect to such proposed
offer or sale when (i) a registration statement with respect to the sale of such
securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such
securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with such registration
statement or (ii) such securities are permitted to be distributed pursuant to
Rule 144(k) (or any successor provision to such Rule) under the Securities Act
or (iii) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred pursuant to an
applicable exemption under the Securities Act, new certificates for such
securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been
delivered by the Company and such securities shall be freely transferable to the
public without registration under the Securities Act.

          1.4  "PERMITTED TRANSFEREES" with respect to each Investor shall mean
any Affiliates (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) of such Investor.

          1.5  "PERSON" means an individual, a partnership (general or limited),
corporation, joint venture, business trust, cooperative, association or other
form of business organization, whether or not regarded as a legal entity under
applicable law, a trust (inter vivos or testamentary), an estate of a deceased,
insane or incompetent person, a quasi-governmental entity, a government or any
agency, authority, political subdivision or other instrumentality thereof, or
any other entity.

          1.6  "REGISTRATION EXPENSES" means all expenses incident to the
Company's performance of or compliance with the registration requirements set
forth in this Agreement including, without limitation, the following:  (i) the
fees, disbursements and expenses of the Company's counsel(s) (United States and
foreign), accountants and experts in connection with the registration of
Eligible Securities to be disposed of under the Securities Act; (ii) all
expenses in connection with the preparation, printing and filing of the
registration statement, any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, any
other offering document and amendments and supplements thereto and the mailing
and delivering of copies thereof to the underwriters and dealers; (iii) the cost
of printing or producing any agreement(s) among underwriters, underwriting
agreement(s) and blue sky or legal investment memoranda, any selling agreements
and any other documents in connection with the offering, sale or delivery of
Eligible Securities to be disposed of; (iv) all expenses in connection with the
qualification of Eligible Securities to be disposed of for offering and sale
under state securities laws, including the fees and disbursements of counsel for
the underwriters in connection with such qualification and in connection with
any blue sky and legal investment surveys; (v) the filing fees incident to
securing any required review by the National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc. of the terms of the sale of Eligible Securities to be disposed of; and (vi)
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of Eligible Securities
on each securities exchange on which securities of the same class are then
listed; PROVIDED, however, that Registration Expenses with respect to any
registration pursuant to this Agreement shall not include underwriting discounts
or commissions attributable to Eligible Securities, transfer taxes applicable to
Eligible Securities or fees, disbursements and expenses of Investor's counsel,
accountants and experts.


                                          2
<PAGE>

          1.7  "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

          1.8  "SECURITIES ACT" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, all as the same
shall be in effect at the relevant time.

                                     ARTICLE II
                                          
                        EFFECTIVENESS OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS


          2.1  EFFECTIVENESS OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.  This Agreement shall
become effective immediately, provided, however, that the exercise by any
Investor of any registration rights granted pursuant to Article 3 hereof prior
to the first anniversary of the Closing Date shall be subject to such Investor
first having received written consent from the Company.

                                    ARTICLE III
                                          
               REDEMPTION, REGISTRATION RIGHTS AND LOCK-UP AGREEMENT


          3.1  REDEMPTION RIGHTS.  The Investor, upon admission as a limited
partner of the Partnership, will be granted rights to redeem OP Units on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Partnership Agreement, provided that
notwithstanding anything set forth in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor
may not: (i) exercise such rights with respect to all or any portion of the OP
Units prior to that date which is six months prior to the Closing, (ii) deliver
more than two separate redemption notices per calendar year, and (iii) redeem
less than 5,000 OP Units (or, if the Investor holds less than 5,000 OP Units,
all of the OP Units held by the Investor) in a single redemption.

          3.2  NOTICE AND REGISTRATION.  If the Company proposes to register any
shares of Common Stock or other securities issued by it having terms
substantially similar to Eligible Securities ("Other Securities") for public
sale under the Securities Act (whether proposed to be offered for sale by the
Company or by any other Person) on a form and in a manner which would permit
registration of Eligible Securities for sale to the public under the Securities
Act, it will give prompt written notice to each Investor of its intention to do
so, and upon the written request of any of the Investors delivered to the
Company within fifteen (15) Business Days after the giving of any such notice
(which request shall specify the number of Eligible Securities intended to be
disposed of by such Investor and the intended method of disposition thereof) the
Company will use all reasonable efforts to effect, in connection with the
registration of the Other Securities, the registration under the Securities Act
of all Eligible Securities which the Company has been so requested to register
by the Investor or Investors, to the extent required to permit the disposition
(in accordance with the intended method or methods thereof as aforesaid) of
Eligible Securities so to be registered provided that:

          (a)  if, at any time after giving such written notice of its intention
          to register any Other Securities and prior to the effective date of
          the registration statement filed in connection with such registration,
          the Company shall determine for any reason not to register the Other
          Securities, the Company may, at its election, give 


                                          3
<PAGE>

          written notice of such determination to the Investor or Investors
          seeking registration hereunder (hereafter referred to as the "SELLING
          INVESTORS") and thereupon the Company shall be relieved of its
          obligation to register such Eligible Securities in connection with the
          registration of such Other Securities (but not from its obligation to
          pay Registration Expenses to the extent incurred in connection
          therewith as provided in Section 3.2);

          (b)  The Company will not be required to effect any registration
          pursuant to this Article 3 if the Company shall have been advised in
          writing (with a copy to Investor) by a nationally recognized
          independent investment banking firm selected by the Company to act as
          lead underwriter in connection with the public offering of securities
          by the Company, that in such firm's opinion, a registration of the
          Eligible Securities which the Company has been requested to register
          by Investor at that time would materially and adversely affect the
          Company's own scheduled offering; and

          (c)  The Company shall not be required to effect any registration of
          Eligible Securities under this Article 3 incidental to the
          registration of any of its securities in connection with mergers,
          acquisitions, exchange offers, subscription offers, dividend
          reinvestment plans or stock options or other employee benefit plans.

          3.3  REGISTRATION EXPENSES.  The Company (as between the Company and
the Selling Investors) shall be responsible for the payment of all Registration
Expenses in connection with any registration pursuant to this Article 3.

          3.4  LOCK-UP AGREEMENT.  The Investor agrees, that, prior to that date
which is one year following the Closing Date, it will not directly or
indirectly, offer, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to purchase, make
any short sale, transfer, pledge, cause a registration of, or otherwise dispose
of or make a distribution of any of the shares of Common Stock acquired by the
redemption of all or any portion of its OP Units, without the prior written
consent of the Company.

                                     ARTICLE IV
                                          
                              REGISTRATION PROCEDURES
                                          

          4.1  REGISTRATION AND QUALIFICATION.  If and whenever the Company is
required to use all reasonable efforts to effect the registration of any
Eligible Securities under the Securities Act as provided in Article 3, the
Company will as promptly as is practicable:

          (a)  prepare, file and use all reasonable efforts to cause to become
          effective a registration statement under the Securities Act regarding
          the Eligible Securities to be offered;

          (b)  prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to
          such registration statement and the prospectus used in connection
          therewith as may be necessary to keep such registration statement
          effective and to comply with the 


                                          4
<PAGE>

          provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of
          all Eligible Securities until the earlier of such time as all of such
          Eligible Securities have been disposed of in accordance with the
          intended methods of disposition by the Selling Investors set forth in
          such registration statement or the expiration of twelve (12) months
          after such registration statement becomes effective;

          (c)  furnish to each Selling Investor and to any underwriter of such
          Eligible Securities such number of conformed copies of such
          registration statement and of each such amendment and supplement
          thereto (in each case including all exhibits), such number of copies
          of the prospectus included in such registration statement (including
          each preliminary prospectus and any summary prospectus), in conformity
          with the requirements of the Securities Act, such documents
          incorporated by reference in such registration statement or
          prospectus, and such other documents as such Selling Investor or such
          underwriter may reasonably request;

          (d)  use all reasonable efforts to register or qualify all Eligible
          Securities covered by such registration statement under such other
          securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Selling
          Investors or any underwriter of such Eligible Securities shall
          reasonably request, and do any and all other acts and things which may
          be reasonably requested by the Selling Investors or any underwriter to
          consummate the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Eligible
          Securities covered by such registration statement, except the Company
          shall not for any such purpose be required to qualify generally to do
          business as a foreign corporation in any jurisdiction wherein it is
          not so qualified, or to subject itself to taxation in any jurisdiction
          where it is not then subject to taxation, or to consent to general
          service of process in any jurisdiction where it is not then subject to
          service of process;

          (e)  use all reasonable efforts to list the Eligible Securities on
          each national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then
          listed, if the listing of such securities is then permitted under the
          rules of such exchange; and 

          (f)  immediately notify the Selling Investors at any time when a
          prospectus relating to a registration pursuant to Article 3 hereof is
          required to be delivered under the Securities Act of the happening of
          any event as a result of which the prospectus included in such
          registration statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue
          statement of material fact or omits to state any material fact
          required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
          therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
          not misleading, and at the request of any Selling Investor prepare and
          furnish to such Investor as many copies of a supplement to or an
          amendment of such prospectus as the Selling Investor may request so
          that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of such Eligible
          Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a
          material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
          therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
          circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.


                                          5
<PAGE>

The Company may require the Investors to furnish the Company such information
regarding the Investors and the distribution of such securities as the Company
may from time to time reasonably request in writing and as shall be required by
law or by the SEC in connection with any registration.  The Company may also
impose such restrictions and limitations on the distribution of such Eligible
Securities as the Company reasonably believes are necessary or advisable to
comply with applicable law or to effect an orderly distribution, including those
restrictions set forth in Section 4.3 hereof.

          4.2  UNDERWRITING.  (a) In the event that any registration pursuant to
Article 3 hereof shall involve, in whole or in part, an underwritten offering,
the Company may require Eligible Securities requested to be registered pursuant
to Article 3 to be included in such underwriting on the same terms and
conditions as shall be applicable to the Other Securities being sold through
underwriters under such registration.

          (b)  If requested by the underwriters for any underwritten offering of
Eligible Securities pursuant to a registration requested hereunder, the Company
will enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement with
such underwriters for such offering, such agreement to contain such
representations and warranties by the Company and such other terms and
provisions as are customarily contained in underwriting agreements with respect
to secondary distributions, including, without limitation, indemnities and
contribution to the effect and to the extent provided in Article 6 hereof.  Each
Selling Investor shall be a party to any such underwriting agreement and the
representations and warranties by, and the other agreements on the part of, the
Company to and for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and
for the benefit of each such Selling Investor.  Such agreement shall also
contain such representations and warranties by each such Selling Investor and
such other terms and provisions as are customarily contained in underwriting
agreements with respect to secondary distributions, including, without
limitation, indemnities and contribution to the effect and to the extent
provided in Article 6.

          4.3  BLACKOUT PERIODS.  At any time when a registration statement
effected pursuant to Article 3 relating to Eligible Securities is effective,
upon written notice from the Company to an Investor that the Company has
determined in good faith, with the advice of counsel, that such Investor's sale
of Eligible Securities pursuant to the registration statement would require
disclosure of non-public material information the disclosure of which would have
a material adverse effect on the Company or would otherwise adversely effect a
material financing, acquisition, disposition, merger or other comparable
transaction (a "Blackout"), such Investor shall suspend sales of Eligible
Securities pursuant to such registration statement until the earlier of:

               (a)  the date upon which such material information is disclosed
to the public or ceases to be material, or

               (b)  such time as the Company notifies such Investor that sales
pursuant to such registration statement may be resumed.

          4.4  QUALIFICATION FOR RULE 144 SALES.  The Company will take all
actions reasonably necessary to comply with the filing requirements described in
Rule 144(c)(1) so as to 


                                          6
<PAGE>

enable the Investors to sell Eligible Securities without registration under the
Securities Act and, upon the written request of any Investor, the Company will
deliver to such Investor a written statement as to whether it has complied with
such filing requirements.

                                     ARTICLE V
                                          
                       PREPARATION; REASONABLE INVESTIGATION


          5.1  PREPARATION; REASONABLE INVESTIGATION.  In connection with the
preparation and filing of each registration statement registering Eligible
Securities under the Securities Act, the Company will give each Selling Investor
and the underwriters, if any, and their respective counsel and accountants,
drafts of such registration statement for their review and comment prior to
filing and such reasonable and customary access to its books and records and
such opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and
the independent public accountants who have certified its financial statements
as shall be necessary, in the opinion of the Selling Investors and such
underwriters or their respective counsel, to conduct a reasonable investigation
within the meaning of the Securities Act.

                                     ARTICLE VI
                                          
                          INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION


          6.1  INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION.  (a)  In the event of any
registration of Eligible Securities hereunder, the Company will enter into
customary indemnification arrangements to indemnify and hold harmless each
Selling Investor, and each Person who participates as an underwriter in the
offering or sale of such securities, and each Person, if any, who controls such
underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act against any losses, claims,
damages, liabilities and expenses, joint or several, to which such Person may be
subject under the Securities Act or otherwise insofar as such losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or expenses (or actions or proceedings in respect thereof)
arise out of or are based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of any material fact contained in any registration statement under
which such securities were registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary
prospectus or final prospectus included therein, or any amendment or supplement
thereto, or any document incorporated by reference therein, or (ii) any omission
or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and the
Company will promptly reimburse each such Person for any legal or any other
expenses reasonably incurred by such Person in connection with investigating or
defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action or proceeding;
PROVIDED that the Company shall not be liable in any such case to the extent
that any such loss, claim, damage, liability (or action or proceeding in respect
thereof) or expense arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in such
registration statement, any such preliminary prospectus or final prospectus,
amendment or supplement in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by such Selling Investor expressly for use
in the registration statement.  Such indemnity shall remain in full force and
effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Selling
Investor or any such 


                                          7
<PAGE>

Person and shall survive the transfer of such securities by such Selling
Investor.  The Company also shall agree to provide provision for contribution as
shall be reasonably requested by the Selling Investors or any underwriters in
circumstances where such indemnity is held unenforceable.

          (b)  Each Selling Investor, by virtue of exercising its registration
rights hereunder, agrees and undertakes to enter into customary indemnification
arrangements to indemnify and hold harmless (in the same manner and to the same
extent as set forth in clause (a) of this Article 6) the Company, each director
of the Company, each officer of the Company who shall sign such registration
statement, each Person who participates as an underwriter in the offering or
sale of such securities and each Person, if any, who controls the Company or any
such underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act, with respect to any
statement in or omission from such registration statement, any preliminary
prospectus or final prospectus included therein, or any amendment or supplement
thereto, but only to the extent that such statement or omission was made in
reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished by such
Investor to the Company expressly for use in the registration statement.  Such
indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation
made by or on behalf of the Company or any such director, officer or controlling
Person and shall survive the transfer of the registered securities by the
Investor and the expiration of this Agreement.  Each Investor also shall agree
to provide provision for contribution as shall be reasonably requested by the
Company or any underwriters in circumstances where such indemnity is held
unenforceable.

          (c)  Indemnification and contribution similar to that specified in the
preceding subdivisions of this Article 6 (with appropriate modifications) shall
be given by the Company and each Selling Investor with respect to any required
registration or other qualification of Eligible Securities under any federal or
state law or regulation of governmental authority other than the Securities Act.

                                    ARTICLE VII
                                          
                          TRANSFER OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS


          7.1  TRANSFER OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.  The Investors may NOT transfer
the registration rights granted hereunder to any other Person. 

                                    ARTICLE VIII
                                          
                                   MISCELLANEOUS


          8.1  CAPTIONS.  The captions or headings in this Agreement are for
convenience and reference only, and in no way define, describe, extend or limit
the scope or intent of this Agreement.

          8.2  SEVERABILITY.  If any clause, provision or section of this
Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable, the invalidity or unenforceability
of such clause, provision or section 


                                          8
<PAGE>

shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any of the remaining clauses,
provisions or sections hereof to the extent permitted by applicable law.

          8.3  GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in
accordance with the internal laws of the State of California, without reference
to its rules as to conflicts or choice of laws.

          8.4  MODIFICATION AND AMENDMENT.  This Agreement may not be changed,
modified, discharged or amended, except by an instrument signed by all of the
parties hereto.

          8.5  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument.

          8.6  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement and understanding among the parties and supersedes any prior
understandings and/or written or oral agreements among them respecting the
subject matter herein.

          8.7  NOTICES.  All notices, requests, demands, consents and other
communications required or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement
shall be in writing and delivered by hand, by overnight courier delivery service
or by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid.  Notices to
Investors shall be made to the address listed on the stock transfer records of
the Company.


                                          9
<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement or
caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first above written.

                         THE MACERICH COMPANY

                         By: /s/ Richard A. Bayer
                            ---------------------------------------
                              Name:  Richard A. Bayer
                              Title:  Secretary and General Counsel



THE MACERICH PARTNERSHIP, L.P.

                         By:  The Macerich Company,
                              its General Partner


                              By: /s/ Richard A. Bayer
                                 -------------------------------------
                                 Name:  Richard A. Bayer
                                 Title:  Secretary and General Counsel


                         THE "INVESTORS"

                              /s/ Harry S. Newman, Jr. 
                              ------------------------------
                              Harry S. Newman, Jr. 

                              /s/ LeRoy H. Brettin 
                              ------------------------------
                              LeRoy H. Brettin 


                                          10

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.30
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT, DATED
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                           FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED
                          CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT

                                      among

                         THE MACERICH PARTNERSHIP, L.P.,
                         A DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP,
                                AS THE BORROWER,

                  THE ENTITIES FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO
                                 AS GUARANTORS,

                              THE MACERICH COMPANY,
                             A MARYLAND CORPORATION,

                   THE BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
                        THAT EITHER NOW OR IN THE FUTURE
                               ARE PARTIES HERETO

                                       and

                                WELLS FARGO BANK,
                              NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
                                  AS THE AGENT



                                  June 25, 1998



                                  $150,000,000


<PAGE>


                                    CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                          <C>
ARTICLE 1.  DEFINITIONS AND RELATED MATTERS ................................  1

            Section 1.1.  Definitions ......................................  1

            Section 1.2.  Related Matters .................................. 28

ARTICLE 2.  AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE CREDIT FACILITIES ...................... 29

            Section 2.1.  Credit Facilities ................................ 29

            Section 2.2.  Letters of Credit ................................ 36

            Section 2.3.  Use of Proceeds .................................. 38

            Section 2.4.  Interest; Conversion/Continuation ................ 38

            Section 2.5.  Note, Etc. ....................................... 41

            Section 2.6.  Fees ............................................. 41

            Section 2.7.  Termination, Reduction and Extension of
                          Commitment ....................................... 42

            Section 2.8.  Repayments and Prepayments ....................... 42

            Section 2.9.  Manner of Payment ................................ 43

            Section 2.10. Pro Rata Treatment ............................... 43

            Section 2.11. Mandatory Suspension and Conversion of
                          Fixed Rate Advances .............................. 44

            Section 2.12. Increased Regulatory Costs ....................... 44

            Section 2.13. Fixed Rate Price Adjustment ...................... 45

            Section 2.14. Purchase, Sale and Matching of Funds ............. 46

ARTICLE 3.  GUARANTY ....................................................... 46

            Section 3.1.  Guaranty ......................................... 46

            Section 3.2.  Continuing and Irrevocable Guaranty .............. 47

            Section 3.3.  Nature of Guaranty ............................... 47


                                          i
<PAGE>

            Section 3.4.  Authorization .................................... 48

            Section 3.5.  Certain Waivers .................................. 49

            Section 3.6.  Subrogation; Certain Agreements .................. 50

            Section 3.7.  Bankruptcy No Discharge .......................... 50

            Section 3.8.  Maximum Liability of Guarantor ................... 51

            Section 3.9.  Financial Benefit ................................ 51

ARTICLE 4.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO ADVANCES  AND LETTERS OF CREDIT ........ 52

            Section 4.1.  Conditions Precedent to Closing Date ............. 52

            Section 4.2.  Conditions Precedent to Advances and Letters of
                          Credit ........................................... 52

            Section 4.3.  Additional Conditions Precedent and
                          Provisions Applicable to Certain Acquisition
                          Advances ......................................... 53

ARTICLE 5.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ................................. 55

            Section 5.1.  Organization, Authority and Tax Status of
                          the Borrower; Enforceability, Etc. ............... 55

            Section 5.2.  Organization, Authority and REIT Status of
                          the REIT; Enforceability, Etc. ................... 56

            Section 5.3.  Organization, Authority and Tax Status of
                          Guarantors; Enforceability, Etc. ................. 57

            Section 5.4.  Consolidated Entities and Unconsolidated
                          Joint Ventures; Management Companies ............. 57

            Section 5.5.  No Conflict, Etc. ................................ 58

            Section 5.6.  Financial Information ............................ 58

            Section 5.7.  No Material Adverse Changes ...................... 59

            Section 5.8.  Litigation ....................................... 59

            Section 5.9.  Agreements; Applicable Law ....................... 59

            Section 5.10. Governmental Regulation .......................... 60


                                          ii
<PAGE>

            Section 5.11. Margin Regulations ............................... 60

            Section 5.12. Employee Benefit Plans ........................... 60

            Section 5.13. Title to Property; Liens ......................... 60

            Section 5.14. Licenses, Trademarks, Etc. ....................... 61

            Section 5.15. Environmental Condition .......................... 61

            Section 5.16. Absence of Certain Restrictions .................. 62

            Section 5.17. Disclosure ....................................... 62

ARTICLE 6.  AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER PARTIES .................. 62

            Section 6.1.  Financial Statements and Other Reports ........... 62

            Section 6.2.  Records and Inspection ........................... 64

            Section 6.3.  Corporate Existence, Etc. ........................ 65

            Section 6.4.  Payment of Taxes and Charges ..................... 65

            Section 6.5.  Maintenance of Properties ........................ 65

            Section 6.6.  Maintenance of Insurance ......................... 65

            Section 6.7.  Conduct of Business .............................. 65

            Section 6.8.  Exchange Listing; Tax Status of Borrower Parties . 65

            Section 6.9.  Subordination .................................... 66

            Section 6.10. Remedial Action Regarding Hazardous Materials .... 67

            Section 6.11. Year 2000 Covenant ............................... 67

ARTICLE 7.  NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER PARTIES ..................... 68

            Section 7.1.  Unsecured Debt and Claims ........................ 68

            Section 7.2.  Investments; Asset Mix ........................... 68

            Section 7.3.  Financial Covenants .............................. 70

            Section 7.4.  Minimum Unencumbered Pool ........................ 71

            Section 7.5.  Aggregate Leased Area of Real Properties in



                                         iii
<PAGE>

                          Unencumbered Pool ................................ 71

            Section 7.6.  Restriction on Fundamental Changes ............... 71

            Section 7.7.  Transactions with Affiliates ..................... 72

            Section 7.8.  Restricted Payments .............................. 72

            Section 7.9.  ERISA ............................................ 73

            Section 7.10. Amendments of Charter and Bylaws ................. 73

            Section 7.11. Payments with Respect to Permitted Subordinated
                          Debentures ....................................... 73

            Section 7.12. Acquisitions of Real Properties .................. 74

ARTICLE 8.  EVENTS OF DEFAULT .............................................. 74

            Section 8.1.  Events of Default ................................ 74

            Section 8.2.  Remedies ......................................... 76

            Section 8.3.  Rescission ....................................... 77

ARTICLE 9.    THE AGENT AND THE LENDERS .................................... 80

            Section 9.1.  Authorization and Action ......................... 80

            Section 9.2.  Exculpation; Agent's Reliance; Etc. .............. 81

            Section 9.3.  Agent and Affiliates ............................. 81

            Section 9.4.  Lender Credit Decision ........................... 81

            Section 9.5.  Indemnification .................................. 82

            Section 9.6.  Successor Agent .................................. 82

            Section 9.7.  Excess Payments .................................. 82

            Section 9.8.  Lender Parties ................................... 83

            Section 9.9.  Default By The Borrower; Acceleration ............ 83

            Section 9.10. Payments; Availability of Funds; Certain
                          Notices .......................................... 83

            Section 9.11. Obligations of Lender Parties Several;
                          Enforcement 


                                          iv

<PAGE>

                                      by the Agent ......................... 85

            Section 9.12. Reply of Lenders ................................. 86

ARTICLE 10. MISCELLANEOUS .................................................. 86

            Section 10.1. Expenses; Indemnity .............................. 86

            Section 10.2. Waivers; Modifications in Writing ................ 87

            Section 10.3. Cumulative Remedies; Failure or Delay ............ 88

            Section 10.4. Notices, Etc. .................................... 88

            Section 10.5. Successors and Assigns ........................... 89

            Section 10.6. Confidentiality .................................. 90

            Section 10.7. Choice of Forum .................................. 90

            Section 10.8. Changes in Accounting Principles ................. 90

            Section 10.9. Survival of Agreements, Representations
                          and Warranties ................................... 91

            Section 10.10. Execution in Counterparts ....................... 91

            Section 10.11. Complete Agreement .............................. 91

            Section 10.12. Limitation of Liability ......................... 91

            Section 10.13. Unsecured Advances; No Lien ..................... 92

            Section Amendment and Restatement .............................. 92

            Section 10.14.  Waiver of Trial by Jury ........................ 93
</TABLE>


                                          v


<PAGE>

                           FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED
                          CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT

      FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT, dated as of June
25, 1998 (as amended from time to time, this "AGREEMENT"), by and among THE
MACERICH PARTNERSHIP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "BORROWER"), THE
ENTITIES FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO AS GUARANTORS, THE MACERICH COMPANY, a
Maryland corporation (the "REIT"), THE BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
THAT EITHER NOW OR IN THE FUTURE ARE PARTIES HERETO (collectively, the "LENDERS"
and each individually, a "LENDER"), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
(including in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit, the "AGENT BANK"),
as agent and representative for the Lenders (the Agent Bank in such capacity or
any successor in such capacity is referred to herein as the "AGENT"). The
Lenders (including the Agent Bank) and the Agent are collectively referred to
herein as the "LENDER PARTIES" and each individually as a "LENDER PARTY."


                                 R E C I T A L S


A.          The Borrower, the Guarantors, the REIT, the Agent and the Agent Bank
      have entered into a Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of February 26,
      1998 (the "EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT").

B.          As of the Closing Date, (I) the Existing Credit Agreement is
      being amended and restated as set forth herein, (II) all outstanding
      Advances (the "EXISTING COMMITTED ADVANCES") under the Existing
      Credit Agreement will be considered "Committed Advances" under this
      Agreement, (III) the outstanding Letter of Credit under the Existing
      Credit Agreement (the "EXISTING LETTER OF CREDIT") will be considered
      "Committed Advances" and a "Letter of Credit" under this Agreement,
      (IV) the Agent Bank is assigning a portion of its Commitment
      hereunder (the "ASSIGNED COMMITMENT") and a corresponding portion of
      the Existing Committed Advances and participations in the Existing
      Letter of Credit (the "TRANSFERRED PARTICIPATIONS") to certain
      additional lenders (the "NEW LENDERS") and (IV) the New Lenders are
      assuming the Agent Bank's obligations under the Assigned Commitment
      and the Transferred Participations, all of which transactions will
      occur contemporaneously.


                                   ARTICLE 1.

                         DEFINITIONS AND RELATED MATTERS

      SECTION 1.1. DEFINITIONS. The following terms with initial capital letters
have the following meanings:

<PAGE>

            "ABSOLUTE RATE" means, in connection with any Absolute Rate Auction,
the rate of interest per annum (expressed in multiples of 1/1000th of one
percent) offered for any Bid Advance to be made pursuant to Section 2.1.2.

            "ABSOLUTE RATE AUCTION" means a solicitation of a Competitive Bid
setting forth Absolute Rates pursuant to Section 2.1.2.3.1.

            "ABSOLUTE RATE BID ADVANCE" means a Bid Advance that bears
interest at an Absolute Rate.

            "ACQUISITION" is defined in Section 4.3.1.

            "ACQUISITION ADVANCES" is defined in Section 4.3.1.3.

            "ACQUISITION AGREEMENT" is defined in Section 4.3.1.6.

            "ADVANCE" means a Committed Advance or a Bid Advance.

            "AFFILIATE" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person
that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is
controlled by, or is under common control with, such first Person. Unless
otherwise indicated, "Affiliate" refers to an Affiliate of any Borrower Party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall any Lender Party or any
Affiliate of any Lender Party be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Borrower.

            "AGENT" is defined in the Preamble.

            "AGENT BANK" is defined in the Preamble.

            "AGENT'S ACCOUNT" means the account identified on SCHEDULE 1.1B as
the Agent's Account or such account as the Agent may hereafter designate by
notice to the Borrower and each Lender.

            "AGENT'S OFFICE" means the office of the Agent identified as such on
SCHEDULE 1.1.B, or such other office as the Agent may hereafter designate by
notice to the Borrower and each Lender.

            "AGREEMENT" is defined in the Preamble and includes all
Schedules and Exhibits.

            "APPLICABLE LAW" means all applicable provisions of all (i)
constitutions, treaties, statutes, laws, rules, regulations and ordinances of
any Governmental Authority, (ii) Governmental Approvals and (iii) orders,
decisions, judgments, awards and decrees of any Governmental Authority.

            "APPLICABLE LENDING OFFICE" means, with respect to any Lender, (i)
in the case of any payment with respect to Fixed Rate Advances or Fixed Rate Bid
Advances, the Lender's LIBO Lending Office, and (ii) in the case of any payment
with respect to Base Rate Advances or 


                                          2
<PAGE>

Absolute Rate Bid Advances or any other payment under the Loan Documents, the
Lender's Domestic Lending Office.

            "APPLICABLE LIBO MARGIN" means, in respect of Fixed Rate Advances
that are Committed Advances, at any date, (i) 0.950% per annum if the ratio of
Total Liabilities to Gross Asset Value (expressed as a percentage) as of the
last day of the Fiscal Quarter most recently ended is less than 45.0%, (ii)
1.000% per annum if the ratio of Total Liabilities to Gross Asset Value
(expressed as a percentage) as of the last day of the Fiscal Quarter most
recently ended is greater than or equal to 45.0% but less than 55.0%, (iii)
1.100% per annum if the ratio of the Total Liabilities to Gross Asset Value
(expressed as a percentage) as of the last day of the Fiscal Quarter most
recently ended is greater than or equal to 55.0% but less than 60.0%, or (iv)
1.150% per annum if none of clause (i), (ii) or (iii) applies (including if the
Compliance Certificate showing that any of clause (i), (ii) or (iii), as the
case may be, is satisfied is not delivered when required hereby), PROVIDED in
the case of any of clause (i), (ii) or (iii), at least four Business Days shall
have expired from the day on which the Borrower shall have delivered a
Compliance Certificate showing that any of clause (i), (ii) or (iii) is
satisfied and PROVIDED, FURTHER, that any change in the Applicable LIBO Margin
resulting from the change in the ratio of Total Liabilities to Gross Asset Value
shall not take effect until the fifth Business Day after the Compliance
Certificate with respect to a Fiscal Quarter is (or is required to be)
delivered.

            "APPLICABLE LIBO RATE" means, (i) in respect of Fixed Rate Advances
that are Committed Advances, the rate of interest, rounded upward (if necessary)
to the nearest whole multiple of .01%, equal to the sum of (x) the Applicable
LIBO Margin, PLUS (y) the LIBO Rate, which LIBO Rate is divided by 1.00 minus
the Reserve Percentage, and (ii) in respect of Fixed Rate Bid Advances, the rate
of interest, rounded upward (if necessary) to the nearest whole multiple of
 .01%, equal to the sum of (x) the LIBO Bid Margin, PLUS (y) the LIBO Rate, which
LIBO Rate is divided by 1.00 MINUS the Reserve Percentage; which, in the case of
either clause (i) or clause (ii) , may be expressed as follows:

Applicable LIBO Rate = Applicable LIBO Margin +        LIBO Rate / (1 - Reserve
                                OR                         Percentage)
                      LIBO Bid Margin, as the
                            case may be

            "ASSIGNED COMMITMENT" is defined in the Recitals.

            "ASSIGNMENT" and "ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE" are defined in
Section 10.5.2.

            "BANKRUPTCY CODE" means Title 11 of the United States Code (11
U.S.C. Section 101 ET SEQ.), as amended from time to time.

            "BANKRUPTCY REMOTE ENTITY" means a Consolidated Entity (i) one
hundred percent of the Capital Stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly,
by the Borrower or the REIT and (ii) which is a so-called "bankruptcy remote
special purpose vehicle" or "bankruptcy 


                                          3
<PAGE>

remote SPV" that meets the published criteria in effect from time to time of
S&P, Moody's, Duff & Phelps Credit Rating Co. or Fitch Investors Service Inc.

            "BASE RATE" means a fluctuating interest rate per annum as shall be
in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to
the higher of:

            (i) the then effective Prime Rate; or

            (ii) the then effective Federal Funds Rate PLUS 0.50%.

Each change in the interest rate on Advances based on a change in the Base Rate
shall be effective as of the effective date of such change in the Base Rate.

            "BASE RATE ADVANCE" means any Committed Advance that constitutes or,
when made, will constitute, part of the Base Rate Portion.

            "BASE RATE PORTION" means, at any time, the portion or portions of
the unpaid principal balance of all Committed Advances bearing interest at a
rate determined by reference to the Base Rate.

            "BID ADVANCE" means an Advance by a Lender pursuant to the Bid
Facility, which may be either an Absolute Rate Bid Advance or a Fixed Rate Bid
Advance.

            "BID ADVANCE LIMIT" means the lesser of (i) Seventy-Five Million
Dollars ($75,000,000) or (ii) the aggregate amount of the Commitments of all
Lenders.

            "BID ADVANCE NOTE" means a promissory note made by Borrower payable
to the order of any Lender, in the amount of the lesser of (i) the Bid Advance
Limit or (ii) the aggregate amount of the Bid Advances from time to time
outstanding to such Lender, which note is substantially in the form of EXHIBIT
A-2, as amended from time to time.

            "BID FACILITY" means the credit facility for the requesting and
making of Bid Advances described in Section 2.1.2.

            "BOARD OF DIRECTORS" means the Board of Directors, as constituted
from time to time, of the REIT (in the case of actions to be taken by the REIT,
the Borrower or any other Borrower Party or Consolidated Entity of which the
REIT is the general partner or manager) or of any other Borrower Party or
Consolidated Entity (as in the case of actions to be taken by such Borrower
Party or Consolidated Entity or by any other Borrower Party or Consolidated
Entity of which such Borrower Party or Consolidated Entity is the general
partner or manager).

            "BORROWER" is defined in the Preamble and includes its
successors and permitted assigns.

            "BORROWER ACCOUNT" means the account of the Borrower identified as
such on SCHEDULE 10.4., or such other account as the Borrower may hereafter
designate by notice to the 


                                          4
<PAGE>

Agent (including in connection with a Credit Sweep Program), PROVIDED that if
such account is maintained with any Person other than the Agent Bank, such
designation shall not be effective unless and until a Funds Transfer Agreement
and all documents contemplated thereby are executed and delivered by the
Borrower to the Agent Bank.

            "BORROWER PARTY" means the Borrower, any Guarantor or the REIT.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, recourse to the REIT for
payment and performance of the Obligations is limited as set forth in Section
10.12.

            "BORROWING" means a contemporaneous borrowing of Advances or
the issuance of a Letter of Credit, as applicable.

            "BULLET PAYMENT" means any payment of the entire unpaid balance of
any Debt at its final maturity other than the final payment with respect to a
loan that is fully amortized over its term.

            "BUSINESS DAY" means a day of the week (but not a Saturday, Sunday
or holiday) on which the offices of banks located in San Francisco and Los
Angeles, California are open to the public for carrying on substantially all of
such banks' business functions, PROVIDED that with respect to any Fixed Rate
Advance, "Business Day" shall further mean any day on which commercial banks are
open for dealings in Dollar deposits in the London interbank market.

            "CAPITAL STOCK" means, with respect to any Person, all (i) shares,
interests, participations or other equivalents (howsoever designated) of capital
stock or partnership or other equity interests of such Person and (ii) rights
(other than debt securities convertible into capital stock or other equity
interests), warrants or options to acquire any such capital stock or partnership
or other equity interests of such Person. The term "Capital Stock" includes the
Partnership Units of the Borrower.

            "CAPITALIZED LEASES" means all leases of the REIT and the
Consolidated Entities of real or personal property that are required to be
capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets of such Persons.

            "CAPITALIZED LOAN FEES" means, with respect to the REIT, any
Consolidated Entity or any Unconsolidated Joint Venture, and with respect to any
period, any upfront, closing or similar fees paid by such Person in connection
with the incurrence or refinancing of Debt during such period that are
capitalized on the balance sheet of such Person.

            "CLOSING DATE" means the earliest date upon which all of the
conditions to the effectiveness of this Agreement set forth in Section 4.1.
are satisfied.

            "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time
to time.

            "COLLATERAL" is defined in Section 3.2.


                                          5
<PAGE>

            "COMMENCEMENT OF CONSTRUCTION" with respect to a Real Property,
means the commencement of material on-site work (including grading) or the
commencement of a work of improvement of such Real Property.

            "COMMITMENT" means, with respect to each Lender, the amount set
forth for such Lender as its "Commitment" on SCHEDULE 1.1.A, as reduced or
terminated from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.

            "COMMITMENT USAGE" means, at any time, (i) with respect to any
Lender, the sum of (A) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Committed
Advances made by such Lender, PLUS (B) the Lender's PRO RATA share of all Letter
of Credit Liability, PLUS (C) the Lender's PRO RATA share of the Interest
Reserve PLUS (D) the Lender's PRO RATA share of all Bid Advances outstanding
(regardless of whether such Bid Advances were made by such Lender) or (ii) with
respect to all Lenders, the sum of (A) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of
all Committed Advances made by all Lenders, PLUS (B) all Letter of Credit
Liability, PLUS (C) the Interest Reserve, PLUS (D) all Bid Advances outstanding,
in each case giving effect to the Borrowings then requested. For purposes of
clause (i)(D), a Lender's PRO RATA share of all Bid Advances shall be equal to
the aggregate amount of such Bid Advances, multiplied by a fraction, the
numerator of which is such Lender's Commitment and the denominator of which is
the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders.

            "COMMITTED ADVANCE" is defined in Section  2.1.1.1.

            "COMPETITIVE BID" means an offer by a Lender to make a Bid Advance
in response to a Competitive Bid Request, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT
B-4.

            "COMPETITIVE BID REQUEST" means a notice, in substantially the form
of EXHIBIT B-3, requesting that Lenders submit Competitive Bids.

            "COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE" means a certificate of the chief financial
officer and the secretary of each Borrower Party, substantially in the form of
EXHIBIT C-4.

            "CONSOLIDATED ENTITIES" means, collectively, (i) the Borrower, (ii)
any other Person the accounts of which are consolidated with those of the REIT
in the consolidated financial statements of the REIT in accordance with GAAP,
and (iii) except for purposes of Sections 7.1.2. and 7.3. all Unconsolidated
Joint Ventures of which any Consolidated Entity is a general partner.

            "CONSTRUCTION-IN-PROCESS" means, with respect to any Retail Property
Under Construction, the aggregate amount of expenditures classified as
"construction-in-process" on the REIT's balance sheet with respect thereto.

            "CONTINGENT OBLIGATION" means, as to any Person, any obligation,
direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person (i) with respect to
any Debt or other obligation of another Person, including any direct or indirect
guarantee of such Debt (other than any 


                                          6
<PAGE>

endorsement for collection in the ordinary course of business) or any other
direct or indirect obligation, by agreement or otherwise, to purchase or
repurchase any such Debt or obligation or any security therefor, or to provide
funds for the payment or discharge of any such Debt or obligation (whether in
the form of loans, advances, stock purchases, capital contributions or
otherwise), (ii) to provide funds to maintain the financial condition of the
other Person, or (iii) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holders of Debt
or other obligation of another Person against loss in respect thereof. The
amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be an amount equal to the amount of
the Debt or obligation guaranteed or otherwise supported thereby.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, "CONTINGENT OBLIGATIONS" shall not include (x)
any obligation of the Borrower or any of the Consolidated Entities under any
contract for the acquisition of Real Property entered into in the ordinary
course to pay the purchase price of such Real Property prior to the transfer of
title to such Real Property, (y) any unliquidated contingent liabilities under
environmental indemnities given by the Borrower or any of the Consolidated
Entities or (z) any amount representing the excess of the obligations of an
Unconsolidated Joint Venture over the Borrower's PRO RATA share of such
obligations. 

            "CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION" means, as applied to any Person, any
provision of any security issued by that Person or of any agreement or other
instrument to which that Person is a party or by which it or any of the
properties owned by it is bound or otherwise subject.

            "CONTROL" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the
power, whether or not exercised, to direct or cause the direction of the
management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of Capital
Stock, by contract or otherwise, and the terms "CONTROLLED" and "COMMON CONTROL"
have correlative meanings.

            "CONTROLLED CONSOLIDATED ENTITY" means any Consolidated Entity,
except an Unconsolidated Joint Venture that is not controlled by the REIT or the
Borrower, PROVIDED that any Unconsolidated Joint Venture the general partners of
which include both a Consolidated Entity (or a Person controlled by a
Consolidated Entity) and a Person (the "THIRD PERSON") other than a Consolidated
Entity (or an Affiliate of a Consolidated Entity) shall not be a Controlled
Consolidated Entity as to any transaction or matter that such Third Person has
the power, under Applicable Law, to engage in or undertake on behalf of the
Unconsolidated Joint Venture without the consent of the Consolidated Entity that
is also a general partner (whether or not such consent would be required under
the partnership agreement or any other Contractual Obligation of the Third
Person or the Unconsolidated Joint Venture).

            "CONTROLLED GROUP" means all domestic and foreign members of a
controlled group of corporations under Section 1563(a) of the Code (determined
without regard to Section 1563(b)(2)(C) of the Code) and all trades or
businesses (irrespective of whether incorporated) that are under common control
with the REIT. With regard to all Plans and Multiemployer Plans, "CONTROLLED
GROUP" includes all ERISA Affiliates.

            "CREDIT SWEEP PROGRAM" is defined in Section 2.1.1.3.3.

            "CUT-OFF DATE" is defined in Section 4.3.2.1.


                                          7
<PAGE>

            "DEBT" means, with respect to any Person, the aggregate amount of,
without duplication: (i) all obligations for borrowed money including, in the
case of the REIT, the Permitted Subordinated Debentures; (ii) all obligations
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments; (iii) all
obligations to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services,
including trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business;
(iv) all Capitalized Leases; (v) all obligations or liabilities of others
secured by a Lien on any asset owned by such Person or Persons whether or not
such obligation or liability is assumed; (vi) all obligations of such Person or
Persons, contingent or otherwise, in respect of any letters of credit or
bankers' acceptances; (vii) the maximum fixed redemption or repurchase price of
Disqualified Capital Stock of such Person at the date of determination, (viii)
all Contingent Obligations and (ix) the Interest Reserve, which shall be
considered unsecured Debt for purposes of this Agreement.

            "DEFAULT" means any condition or event that, with the giving of
notice or lapse of time or both, would, unless cured or waived, become an Event
of Default.

            "DEFAULTING LENDER" is defined in Section 9.10.2.

            "DEFINED BENEFIT PLAN" means any pension plan subject to Title IV of
ERISA including a Multiemployer Plan and any money purchase pension plan subject
to the funding requirements of Section 412 of the Code.

            "DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION EXPENSE" means (without duplication),
for any period, the sum for such period of (i) total depreciation and
amortization expense, whether paid or accrued, of the REIT and the Consolidated
Entities, PLUS (ii) the REIT's and any Consolidated Entity's PRO RATA share of
depreciation and amortization expenses of Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. For
purposes of this definition, the REIT's PRO RATA share of depreciation and
amortization expense of any Unconsolidated Joint Venture shall be deemed equal
to the product of (i) the depreciation and amortization expense of such
Unconsolidated Joint Venture, MULTIPLIED BY (ii) the percentage of the total
outstanding Capital Stock of such Person held by the REIT or any Consolidated
Entity, expressed as a decimal.

            "DISQUALIFIED CAPITAL STOCK" of any Person means any Capital Stock
of such Person that by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it
is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or otherwise (including upon
the occurrence of any event), is required to be redeemed or is redeemable for
cash at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part (including by
operation of a sinking fund), or is exchangeable for Debt (other than at the
option of such Person), in whole or in part, at any time prior to the 91st day
after the Maturity Date.

            "DOLLARS" and "$" means lawful money of the United States of
America.

            "DOMESTIC LENDING OFFICE" means the office, branch or Affiliate of
the Lender identified on SCHEDULE 1.1B designated as its Domestic Lending Office
or such other office, branch or Affiliate as such Lender may hereafter designate
as its Domestic Lending Office for one or more types of Advances by notice to
the Borrower and the Agent.


                                          8
<PAGE>

            "EBITDA" means, for any period, (i) Net Income, PLUS (without
duplication) (A) Interest Expense, (B) Tax Expense, and (C) Depreciation and
Amortization Expense, in each case for such period.

            "EFFECTIVE RATE" is defined in Section 2.4.1.

            "ELIGIBLE ASSIGNEE" is defined in Section 10.5.2.

            "ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGES" means all claims, judgments, damages,
losses, penalties, liabilities (including strict liability), costs and expenses,
including costs of investigation, remediation, defense, settlement and
attorneys' fees and consultants' fees, that are incurred at any time as a result
of the existence of Hazardous Materials upon, about or beneath any Real Property
or migrating or threatening to migrate to or from any Real Property, or arising
in any manner whatsoever out of any violation of Environmental Requirements.

            "ENVIRONMENTAL LIEN" means a Lien in favor of any Governmental
Authority for Environmental Damages.

            "ENVIRONMENTAL REQUIREMENTS" means all Applicable Laws relating to
Hazardous Materials or the protection of human health or the environment,
including all requirements pertaining to reporting, permitting, investigation
and remediation of releases or threatened releases of Hazardous Materials into
the environment, or relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use,
treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials.

            "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended from time to time.

            "ERISA AFFILIATE" means any Person that is or was a member of the
controlled group of corporations or trades or businesses (as defined in
Subsection (b), (c), (m) or (o) of Section 414 of the Code) of which any
Borrower Party is or was a member at any time within the last six years.

            "EXISTING COMMITTED ADVANCES"  is defined in the Recitals.

            "EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT" is defined in the Recitals.

            "EXISTING LETTER OF CREDIT"  is defined in the Recitals.

            "EXISTING WFB CREDIT AGREEMENT" means that certain Second Amended
and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 13, 1996 (as
amended by Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty
Agreement dated as of July 10, 1997, and Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and
Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of December 31, 1997).

            "EXTENSION FEE" is defined in Section 2.6.4.


                                          9
<PAGE>

            "EVENT OF DEFAULT" means any of the events specified in
Section 8.1.

            "FACILITY FEE" is defined in Section 2.6.3.

            "FAIR SALABLE VALUE" is defined in Section 3.9.

            "FAIR VALUATION" is defined in Section 3.9.

            "FEDERAL FUNDS RATE" means, for any day, the rate per annum (rounded
upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) equal to the weighted
average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the
Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as
published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next
preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business
Day next succeeding such day, PROVIDED that if such rate is not so published for
any day that is a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the
average rate charged to the Agent Bank on such day on such transactions as
determined by the Agent Bank.

            "FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD" means the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System, or any successor thereto.

            "FEE LETTER" means that certain letter dated June __, 1998 between
the Borrower and the Agent, as amended from time to time.

            "FEES" means, collectively, the fees described or referenced in
the Fee Letter and in Section 2.6.

            "FISCAL YEAR" means the fiscal year of the REIT, which shall be the
12-month period ending on December 31 in each year or such other period as the
REIT may designate and the Agent may approve in writing. "FISCAL QUARTER" or
"FISCAL QUARTER" means any quarter of a Fiscal Year.

            "FIXED CHARGES" means, for any period, the sum of the amounts for
such period of (i) scheduled payments of principal of Debt of the REIT and the
Consolidated Entities (other than any Bullet Payment), (ii) the REIT's PRO RATA
share of scheduled payments of principal of Debt of Unconsolidated Joint
Ventures (other than any Bullet Payment) that does not otherwise constitute Debt
of and is not otherwise recourse to the REIT and the Consolidated Entities or
their assets, (iii) Interest Expense, (iv) payments of dividends in respect of
Disqualified Capital Stock and (v) an amount equal to $0.05 per quarter,
MULTIPLIED BY the total square footage of all Real Properties owned by the
Consolidated Entities and the PRO RATA share of square footage of all Real
Properties owned by the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures, in each case, at the end
of such period. For purposes of clauses (ii) and (v), the REIT's PRO RATA share
of payments by or square footage of any Unconsolidated Joint Venture shall be
deemed equal to the product of (a) the payments made by or square footage of
such Unconsolidated Joint Venture, MULTIPLIED BY (b) the percentage of the total
outstanding Capital Stock of such Person held by the REIT or any Consolidated
Entity, expressed as a decimal.


                                          10
<PAGE>

            "FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO" means, at any time, the ratio of (i)
EBITDA for the fiscal quarter then most recently ended, to (ii) Fixed Charges
for such period.

            "FIXED RATE" means (i) in the case of Committed Advances, the
Applicable LIBO Rate as accepted by the Borrower as an Effective Rate for a
particular Fixed Rate Period and Fixed Rate Portion or (ii) in the case of Fixed
Rate Bid Advances, the Applicable LIBO Rate for the Fixed Rate Period applicable
to such Fixed Rate Bid Advances.

            "FIXED RATE ADVANCE" means any Advance that constitutes or, when
made, will constitute, the Fixed Rate Portion of any Committed Advance or a
Fixed Rate Bid Advance.

            "FIXED RATE AUCTION" means a solicitation of Competitive Bids
setting forth LIBO Bid Margins pursuant to Section 2.1.2.3.1.

            "FIXED RATE BID ADVANCE" means a Bid Advance that bears interest for
the relevant Fixed Rate Period, at a Fixed Rate.

            "FIXED RATE COMMENCEMENT DATE" , with respect to any Fixed Rate
Advance that is a Committed Advance, is defined in Section 2.4.2.4. and, with
respect to any Fixed Rate Bid Advance or Absolute Rate Bid Advance, is defined
in Section 2.1.2.3.6.

            "FIXED RATE NOTICE" means, with respect to any Fixed Rate Advance, a
written notice, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT B-2, which confirms the
Fixed Rate for a particular Fixed Rate Period and, if the Fixed Rate Advance is
a Committed Advance, the Fixed Rate Portion or, if the Fixed Rate Advance is a
Bid Advance, the amount of the Bid Advance.

            "FIXED RATE PERIOD" means the period or periods of (a) in respect of
any Fixed Rate Advance that is a Committed Advance, (i) one, two, three or six
months; or (ii) any other period of at least one month that ends at the Maturity
Date, which periods are selected by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.4.2. and
may be confirmed in a Fixed Rate Notice; (b) in respect of any Absolute Rate Bid
Advance, the period, commencing on the Funding Date in respect of such Bid
Advance and ending on a date that is thirty, sixty or ninety days later, as
selected by the Borrower in the related Competitive Bid Request; and (c) in
respect of any Fixed Rate Advance that is a Fixed Rate Bid Advance, the period,
commencing on the Funding Date in respect of such Bid Advance and ending on a
date that is one, two or three months later; PROVIDED that no Fixed Rate Period
shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (a) if a
Fixed Rate Advance that is a Committed Advance is continued, the Fixed Rate
Period applicable to the continued or converted Advance shall commence on the
day on which the Fixed Rate Period applicable to such Fixed Rate Advance ends;
(b) any Fixed Rate Period applicable to a Fixed Rate Advance (1) that would
otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next
succeeding Business Day, unless such succeeding Business Day falls in another
calendar month, in which case such Fixed Rate Period shall end on the next
preceding Business Day or (2) that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar
month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the
calendar month at the end of such Fixed Rate Period) shall end on the last
Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Fixed 


                                          11
<PAGE>

Rate Period. 

            "FIXED RATE PORTION" means the portion or portions of the
unpaid principal balance of all Committed Advances that the Borrower
selects to have subject to a Fixed Rate.  The Fixed Rate Portion shall
comply with Sections 2.4.2.7.

            "FIXED RATE PRICE ADJUSTMENT" is defined in Section 2.13.

            "FLOATING RATE DEBT" is defined in Section 7.3.6.

            "FUNDING DATE" means any date on which an Advance is (or is
requested to be) made or a Letter of Credit is (or is requested to be) issued.

            "FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS" or "FFO" means, for any period, the "Funds
From Operations" calculated for such period in accordance with NAREIT
Guidelines, PROVIDED that, notwithstanding Section 10.8., the components of
Funds From Operations or FFO shall be calculated on the basis of, and in
accordance with, GAAP as it exists on the date of this Agreement, and no effect
shall be given to any changes to such accounting principles that may be made
from time to time after the Closing Date. It is understood by the parties that,
notwithstanding the internal accounting practices or operations of the Borrower,
the defined terms included in this definition shall have the meanings set forth
in this Agreement.

            "FUNDS TRANSFER AGREEMENT" means a Funds Transfer Agreement for
Disbursement of Loan Proceeds between the Agent Bank and the Borrower, on the
Agent Bank's standard form, executed and delivered after the date hereof as
contemplated by the definition of "Borrower Account," as such agreement may be
amended from time to time.

            "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect
in the United States of America (as such principles are in effect on the date
hereof).

            "GOVERNMENTAL APPROVAL" means an authorization, consent, approval,
permit or license issued by, or a registration or filing with, any Governmental
Authority.

            "GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY" means any nation and any state or political
subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any
tribunal or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction.

            "GROSS ASSET VALUE" means, at any time, the sum of (without
duplication):

            (i) for Retail Properties that are Wholly-Owned , the sum of, for
each such property, (a) such property's Property NOI for the Measuring Period,
MULTIPLIED BY 4, DIVIDED BY (b) (1) 8.5% (expressed as a decimal), in the case
of regional Retail Properties (other than Huntington Beach Mall) or (2) 9.5%
(expressed as a decimal) in the case of Huntington Beach Mall or other Retail
Properties that are not regional Retail Properties, PLUS


                                          12
<PAGE>

            (ii) for Retail Properties that are not Wholly-Owned, the sum of,
for each such property, (a) the Gross Asset Value of each such Retail Property
at such time, as calculated pursuant to the foregoing clause (i), MULTIPLIED BY
(b) a percentage (expressed as a decimal) equal to the percentage of the total
outstanding Capital Stock held by the Borrower of the Consolidated Entity or
Unconsolidated Joint Venture holding title to such Retail Properties, PLUS

            (iii) all cash and Permitted Investments (other than, in either
case, Restricted Cash) held by the Consolidated Entities at such time,
MULTIPLIED BY in the case of cash and Permitted Investments not Wholly-Owned, a
percentage (expressed as a decimal) equal to the percentage of the total
outstanding Capital Stock held by the Borrower of the Consolidated Entity
holding title to such cash and Permitted Investments, PLUS

            (iv) for Mortgage Loans that are Wholly-Owned, the lowest of (A) the
book value of each such Mortgage Loan at the time it is initially acquired, (B)
the book value of each such Mortgage Loan at the time Gross Asset Value is being
determined, or (C) the excess, if any, of (1) 80% of the Gross Asset Value of
the Retail Property securing such Mortgage Loan, determined pursuant to the
applicable clause of this definition as if such Retail Property were
Wholly-Owned, over (2) the amount of any Debt and other liabilities or
obligations, absolute or contingent, also secured by a Lien on such Retail
Property, which Lien is senior to or PARI PASSU with the Lien securing such
Mortgage Loan; PLUS

            (v)(a) 100% of Construction-in-Process with respect to Retail
Properties that are Wholly-Owned and (b) the product of (1) 100% of
Construction-in-Process with respect to Retail Properties Under Construction
that are not Wholly-Owned MULTIPLIED BY (2) a percentage (expressed as a
decimal) equal to the percentage of the total outstanding Capital Stock held by
the Borrower of the Consolidated Entity or Unconsolidated Joint Venture holding
title to such Retail Properties Under Construction;

            PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the determination of Gross Asset Value for
any period shall not include any Retail Property that has been sold or otherwise
disposed of at any time prior to or during such period.

            "GUARANTOR" means (i) any Initial Guarantor and (ii) any other
Person who from time to time becomes a Guarantor hereunder by executing and
delivering a Joinder Agreement substantially in the form of EXHIBIT E, in each
case unless and until such Person is released from any further liability
hereunder as specified in the definition of "Unencumbered Asset."

            "GUARANTY" is defined in Section 3.1.

            "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS" means any chemical substance (i) the presence
of which requires investigation or remediation under any Applicable Law; or (ii)
that is or becomes defined as a "hazardous waste" or "hazardous substance" under
any Applicable Law, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. Section 9601 ET SEQ.) or the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. Section 6901 ET SEQ.); or (iii) that is
toxic, explosive, corrosive, flammable, infectious, radioactive, carcinogenic,


                                          13
<PAGE>

mutagenic, or otherwise hazardous and is or becomes regulated by any
Governmental Authority; or (iv) the presence of which on any Real Property
causes or threatens to cause a nuisance upon the Real Property or to adjacent
properties or poses or threatens to pose a hazard to any Real Property or to the
health or safety of Persons on or about any Real Property; or (v) which contains
gasoline, diesel fuel or other petroleum hydrocarbons; or (vi) which contains
polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) or asbestos.

            "HUNTINGTON BEACH MALL" means the property identified as such
on Schedule 1.1C.

            "INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES" is defined in Section 10.1.3.

            "INDEMNITEES" is defined in Section 10.1.3.

            "INITIAL GUARANTORS" means MACERICH BRISTOL ASSOCIATES, a California
general partnership, and its successors, and MACERICH BUENAVENTURA LIMITED
PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership, and its successors, MACERICH
HUNTINGTON LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership, and its
successors, and MACERICH STONEWOOD LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited
partnership, and its successors.

            "INSOLVENT" is defined in Section 3.9.

            "INTANGIBLE ASSETS" means (i) all unamortized debt discount and
expense, unamortized deferred charges, goodwill and other intangible assets and
(ii) all write-ups (other than write-ups resulting from foreign currency
translations and write-ups of assets of a going concern business made within
twelve months after the acquisition of such business) subsequent to December 31,
1994, in the book value of any asset owned by the REIT or any Consolidated
Entity.

            "INTEREST COVERAGE RATIO" means, at any time, the ratio of (i)
EBITDA for the fiscal quarter then most recently ended, to (ii) Interest Expense
for such period.

            "INTEREST EXPENSE" means, for any period, the sum (without
duplication) for such period of (i) total interest expense, whether paid or
accrued, of the REIT and the Consolidated Entities, including Fees payable
pursuant to Section 2.6., charges in respect of Letters of Credit and the
portion of any Capitalized Lease Obligations allocable to interest expense,
including the REIT's share of interest expenses in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures
but excluding amortization or write-off of debt discount and expense (except as
provided in clause (ii) below), (ii) amortization of costs related to interest
rate protection contracts and rate buydowns (other than the costs associated
with the interest rate buydowns completed in connection with the initial public
offering of the REIT), (iii) capitalized interest, PROVIDED that capitalized
interest may be excluded from this clause (iii) to the extent such interest (A)
does not exceed the Interest Reserve designated for such period or (B) is paid
or reserved out of any interest reserve established under a loan facility, (iv)
for purposes of determining Interest 


                                          14
<PAGE>

Expense as used in the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (both numerator and
denominator) only, amortization of Capitalized Loan Fees, (v) to the extent not
included in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the REIT's PRO RATA share of
interest expense and other amounts of the type referred to in such clauses of
the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures, and (vi) interest incurred on any liability
or obligation that constitutes a Contingent Obligation of the REIT or any
Consolidated Entity. For purposes of clause (v), the REIT's PRO RATA share of
interest expense or other amount of any Unconsolidated Joint Venture shall be
deemed equal to the product of (a) the interest expense or other relevant amount
of such Unconsolidated Joint Venture, MULTIPLIED BY (b) the percentage of the
total outstanding Capital Stock of such Person held by the REIT or any
Consolidated Entity, expressed as a decimal. 

            "INTEREST RESERVE" means, with respect to any Fiscal Quarter, the
dollar amount designated by the Borrower as "Interest Reserve" for such Fiscal
Quarter in the Compliance Certificate submitted during such Fiscal Quarter;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that such dollar amount may not exceed the lesser of (i) the
amount that the Borrower would be permitted to draw as an Advance under this
Agreement or (ii) $10,000,000; PROVIDED FURTHER, however, that on the date of
this Agreement, the Interest Reserve shall be equal to $1,000,000.

            "INVESTMENT" means, with respect to any Person, (i) any direct or
indirect purchase or other acquisition by that Person of stock or securities, or
any beneficial interest in stock or other securities, of any other Person, any
partnership interest (whether general or limited) in any other Person, or all or
any substantial part of the business or assets of any other Person, or (ii) any
direct or indirect loan, advance or capital contribution by that Person to any
other Person, including all indebtedness and accounts receivable from that other
Person that are not current assets or did not arise from sales to that other
Person in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Investment shall be
the original cost of such Investment, PLUS the cost of all additions thereto,
without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups,
write-downs or write-offs with respect to such Investment.

            "JOINT VENTURE" means a joint venture, partnership, limited
liability company, business trust or similar arrangement, whether in corporate,
partnership or other legal form; PROVIDED that, as to any such arrangement in
corporate form, such corporation shall not, as to any Person of which such
corporation is a Subsidiary, be considered to be a Joint Venture to which such
Person is a party.

            "LENDER" is defined in the Preamble, subject to Section 9.10.2. For
purposes of the Sections referred to in (and subject to) Section 10.5.3.,
"LENDER" includes a holder of a Participation.

            "LENDER PARTY" is defined in the Preamble. For purposes of the
Sections referred to in (and subject to) Section 10.5.3., "LENDER PARTY"
includes a holder of a Participation.

            "LETTER OF CREDIT" means a standby letter of credit issued pursuant
to this Agreement (including the Existing Letter of Credit) and a Letter of
Credit Agreement, either as originally issued or as amended, supplemented,
modified, renewed or extended.


                                          15
<PAGE>

            "LETTER OF CREDIT AGREEMENT" means an Application and Agreement for
Standby Letter of Credit in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT G.

            "LETTER OF CREDIT COLLATERAL" is defined in Section 8.4.2.

            "LETTER OF CREDIT COLLATERAL ACCOUNT" is defined in Section
8.4.1.

            "LETTER OF CREDIT FEE" is defined in Section 2.6.2.

            "LETTER OF CREDIT LIABILITY" means, at any time, all contingent
liabilities of the Borrower to the Agent Bank in respect of Letters of Credit
outstanding at such time and shall equal the aggregate Stated Amount of all
Letters of Credit then outstanding.

            "LIBO BID MARGIN" means, in connection with any Fixed Rate Auction,
a margin (expressed in multiples of 1/1000th of one percent) above or below the
LIBO Rate offered for any Bid Advance to made pursuant hereto.

            "LIBO LENDING OFFICE" means the office, branch or Affiliate of any
Lender identified on SCHEDULE 1.1.B as its LIBO Lending Office or such other
office, branch or Affiliate as such Lender may hereafter designate as its LIBO
Lending Office by notice to the Borrower and the Agent.

            "LIBO RATE" is the rate of interest, rounded upward (if necessary)
to the nearest whole multiple of one-sixteenth of one percent (.0625%), quoted
by the Agent Bank as the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate for deposits in U.S.
Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time),

            (i) in the case of a Fixed Rate Advance that is a Committed Advance,
on the second Business Day prior to (or, if the Agent Bank is then the sole
Lender hereunder, on) a Fixed Rate Commencement Date or on a Price Adjustment
Date, as appropriate, for purposes of calculating effective rates of interest
for loans or obligations making reference thereto for an amount approximately
equal to the Fixed Rate Portion and for a period of time approximately equal to
a Fixed Rate Period or the time remaining in a Fixed Rate Period after a Price
Adjustment Date, as appropriate; and

            (ii) in the case of a Fixed Rate Bid Advance, on the second Business
Day prior to the related Funding Date, for purposes of calculating effective
rates of interest for loans or obligations making reference thereto for an
amount approximately equal to such Fixed Rate Bid Advance and for a period of
time approximately equal to the Fixed Rate Period applicable thereto.

            "LIEN" means any lien, mortgage, pledge, security interest, charge,
or encumbrance of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title
retention agreement or any lease in the nature thereof) and any agreement to
give or refrain from giving any lien, mortgage, pledge, security interest,
charge, or other encumbrance of any kind.


                                          16
<PAGE>

            "LOAN DOCUMENTS" means, collectively, this Agreement, the Notes, the
Fee Letter, each Letter of Credit Agreement, each Letter of Credit, any Funds
Transfer Agreement and any other agreement, instrument or other writing executed
or delivered by the Borrower, the REIT or any Subsidiary in connection herewith
from time to time, and all amendments, exhibits and schedules to any of the
foregoing.

            "M&F GROSS LEASEABLE AREA" means, with respect to any Real Property,
the gross leaseable area of the mall and freestanding areas of such Real
Property (excluding the gross leaseable area of such Real Property that is, at
the time of determination, undergoing substantial capital improvements other
than any such capital improvements made to a tenant space pursuant to or in
anticipation of a new or renewed lease for such space).

            "MANAGEMENT COMPANIES" means Macerich Property Management Company, a
California corporation, and Macerich Management Company, a California
corporation, and includes their respective successors.

            "MANAGEMENT CONTRACT" means any contract between any Management
Company, on the one hand, and the Borrower and/or any other Consolidated Entity
or Unconsolidated Joint Venture, on the other hand, relating to the management
of the Borrower, any other Consolidated Entity or any Unconsolidated Joint
Venture or any of the properties of such Person, as the same may be amended from
time to time.

            "MACERICH GROUP MEMBER" means any of the Borrower Parties, the
Principal Investors, the Management Companies, any Consolidated Entity (other
than any of the foregoing), or any other Person involved in the day-to-day
management of any Consolidated Entity or any Real Property held
by it.

            "MARGIN REGULATIONS" means Regulations G, T, U and X of the Federal
Reserve Board, as amended from time to time.

            "MARGIN STOCK" means "margin stock" as defined in Regulation U.

            "MATERIAL," "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" or "MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE"
means (i) a condition or event material to, (ii) a material adverse effect on or
(iii) a material adverse change in, as the case may be, any one or more of the
following: (A) the business, assets, results of operations, financial condition
or prospects of the REIT and the Consolidated Entities taken as a whole or (B)
the ability of any Borrower Party to perform its obligations under any Loan
Document to which it is a party.

            "MATURITY DATE" means February 26, 2000; PROVIDED, that if the
Maturity Date shall have been extended pursuant to Section 2.7.2., "MATURITY
DATE" means February 26, 2001.

            "MEASURING PERIOD" means the period of three consecutive months,
constituting one full Fiscal Quarter, ended most recently for which operating
statements with respect to a Real Property have been delivered to the Lenders.


                                          17
<PAGE>

            "MINORITY INTERESTS" means all of the Partnership Units of the
Borrower held by any Person other than the REIT.

            "MOODY'S" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or any
successor.

            "MORTGAGE LOANS" means all loans owned or held by the Borrower
secured by mortgages or deeds of trust on Retail Properties.

            "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" means a "multiemployer plan" as defined in
Section 3(37) and Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the Borrower or any of
its ERISA Affiliates is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions
or to which any such Person has made or accrued an obligation to make
contributions.

            "NAREIT GUIDELINES" means the guidelines published from time to time
by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts as in effect on the
date of this Agreement.

            "NET INCOME" means, for any period, total net income (or loss) of
the REIT and the Consolidated Entities for such period taken as a single
accounting period, including the REIT's PRO RATA share of the income (or loss)
of any Unconsolidated Joint Venture for such period, PROVIDED that there shall
be excluded therefrom (i) any charges for minority interests in the Borrower
held by Persons holding Partnership Units of the Borrower (other than the REIT),
(ii) any income or loss attributable to extraordinary items, (iii) gains and
losses from sales of assets (other than undeveloped land that constitutes a
portion of any Retail Property), (iv) except to the extent otherwise included
hereunder, the income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it
becomes a Consolidated Entity or is merged with the REIT or any Consolidated
Entity or such Person's assets are acquired by the REIT or any Consolidated
Entity, and (v) any impairment loss required to be taken in such period in
accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121 (Accounting
for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed
of) with respect to any long-lived assets to be disposed of and whose value is
being reported during such period at the lower of its carrying amount or fair
value. For purposes of this definition, the REIT's PRO RATA share of income (or
loss) of any Unconsolidated Joint Venture shall be deemed equal to the product
of (i) the income (or loss) of such Unconsolidated Joint Venture, MULTIPLIED BY
(ii) the percentage of the total outstanding Capital Stock of such Person held
by the REIT or any Consolidated Entity, expressed as a decimal.

            "NET WORTH" means, at any date, the consolidated stockholders'
equity of the REIT and the Consolidated Entities, excluding any amounts
attributable to Disqualified Capital Stock.

            "NEW LENDERS" is defined in the Recitals.

            "NON-RECOURSE DEBT" means Debt that (i) is non-recourse to the
Consolidated Entities (other than such Unconsolidated Joint Venture) and their
assets and (ii) does not constitute Debt of the Consolidated Entities (other
than such Unconsolidated Joint Venture).


                                          18
<PAGE>

            "NON-RECOURSE SECURED DEBT" means Debt that (i) is non-recourse to
the Consolidated Entities (other than such Unconsolidated Joint Venture) and
their assets, (ii) does not constitute Debt of the Consolidated Entities (other
than such Unconsolidated Joint Venture) and (iii) is recourse only to Retail
Properties that secures such Debt.

            "NOTE" means a Revolving Note or a Bid Advance Note.

            "NOTICE OF BORROWING" is defined in Section 2.1.1.3.1.

            "OBLIGATED PARTY" is defined in Section 9.10.2.

            "OBLIGATIONS" means all present and future obligations and
liabilities of the Borrower of every type and description arising under or in
connection with this Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan Documents due or to
become due to the Lender Parties or any Person entitled to indemnification, or
any of their respective successors, transferees or assigns, whether for
principal, interest, letter of credit or other reimbursement obligations, cash
collateral cover, Fees, expenses, indemnities or other amounts (including
attorneys' fees and expenses) and whether due or not due, direct or indirect,
joint and/or several, absolute or contingent, voluntary or involuntary,
liquidated or unliquidated, determined or undetermined, and whether now or
hereafter existing, renewed or restructured, whether or not from time to time
decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, whether or
not arising after the commencement of a proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code
(including post-petition interest) and whether or not allowed or allowable as a
claim in any such proceeding, and whether or not recovery of any such obligation
or liability may be barred by a statute of limitations or such obligation or
liability may otherwise be unenforceable.

            "OBLIGOR" is defined in Section 3.2.

            "OFFERING CIRCULAR" means, as the case may be, (i) with respect to
the debentures described in clause (i) of the definition of "Permitted
Subordinated Debentures," the Offering Circular, dated June 20, 1997, pursuant
to which the Permitted Subordinated Debentures were offered by the REIT or (ii)
with respect to any other Permitted Subordinated Debentures, the final offering
document pursuant to which such Permitted Subordinated Debentures are offered by
the REIT.

            "OPERATIVES" is defined in Section 10.12.2.

            "OTHER GUARANTOR" is defined in Section 3.2.

            "OTHER GUARANTY" is defined in Section 3.2.

            "PARTICIPATION" is defined in Section 10.5.3.

            "PARTNERSHIP UNITS," "PREFERRED PARTNERSHIP UNITS" and "SERIES A
PARTNERSHIP UNITS" are each defined in the Partnership Agreement of the
Borrower. Unless the 


                                          19
<PAGE>

context indicates otherwise, the term "PARTNERSHIP UNITS" is used herein to
refer, collectively, to the Partnership Units, the Preferred Partnership Units
and the Series A Partnership Units. 

            "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, as defined in
Title IV of ERISA, or any successor.

            "PERMITTED INVESTMENTS" means (i) marketable direct obligations
issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States Government or issued
by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United
States, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition
thereof, (ii) marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the United
States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public
instrumentality thereof maturing within one year from the date of acquisition
thereof and having, at the time of acquisition, the highest rating obtainable
from either Standard & Poor's Ratings Group, a division of The McGraw-Hill
Companies, or Moody's, (iii) commercial paper having, at the time of
acquisition, the highest rating obtainable from either S&P or Moody's, (iv)
certificates of deposit, other time deposits, and bankers' acceptances maturing
within one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued by any bank
operating under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the
District of Columbia that has combined capital and surplus of not less than
$500,000,000, (v) institutional money market funds organized under the laws of
the United States of America or any state thereof that invest solely in any of
the Investments permitted under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv)
or (vi) Capital Stock that is (x) traded on a national securities exchange, (y)
purchased in the secondary market and (z) not subject to any legal or
contractual restrictions on transferability.

            "PERMITTED SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES" means (i) the 7 1/4% Convertible
Subordinated Debentures due 2002 of the REIT in the aggregate principal amount
of $161,400,000, offered pursuant to the Offering Circular, which debentures
have such terms and are subject to such conditions as are set forth in the
Offering Circular and (ii) any other unsecured subordinated debentures issued by
the REIT PROVIDED that, in the reasonable discretion of the Agent, the terms and
conditions related to subordination of such unsecured subordinated debentures
are substantially similar to the terms and conditions related to subordination
of the debentures described in clause (i) of this definition.

            "PERSON" means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a
limited liability company, a trust, an unincorporated organization or any other
entity or organization, including a government or any agency or political
subdivision thereof and, for the purpose of the definition of "ERISA Affiliate,"
a trade or business.

            "PLAN" means any pension, retirement, disability, defined benefit,
defined contribution, profit sharing, deferred compensation, employee stock
ownership, employee stock purchase, health, life insurance, or other employee
benefit plan or arrangement, irrespective of whether any of the foregoing is
funded, in which any personnel of any Borrower Party or its ERISA Affiliates
participates or from which any such personnel may derive a benefit.

            "POST-DEFAULT RATE" means, at any time, a rate per annum equal to
the Base Rate 


                                          20
<PAGE>

in effect at such time PLUS 2%.

            "PRICE ADJUSTMENT DATE", with respect to any Fixed Rate
Advance, or Absolute Rate Bid Advance, is defined in Section 2.13.

            "PRIME RATE" means a base rate of interest which the Agent Bank
establishes from time to time and which serves as the basis upon which effective
rates of interest are calculated for those loans making reference thereto. Any
change in an Effective Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate shall become
effective on the day each such change is announced within the Agent Bank.

            "PRINCIPAL INVESTORS" means, collectively, Mace Siegel, Arthur
Coppola, Dana Anderson and Edward Coppola.

            "PRO FORMA UNENCUMBERED ASSET VALUE" is defined in
Section 4.3.1..

            "PROHIBITED TRANSACTION" means a transaction that is prohibited
under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 or 407 of ERISA and not exempt
under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 408 of ERISA.

            "PROPERTY EXPENSES" means, for any Retail Property, all operating
expenses relating to such Retail Property, including the following items
(PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Property Expenses shall not include Debt service,
tenant improvement costs, leasing commissions, capital improvements,
Depreciation and Amortization Expenses and any extraordinary items not
considered operating expenses under GAAP):

            (i) all expenses for the operation of such Retail Property,
including any management fees payable under the Management Contracts and all
insurance expenses, but not including any expenses incurred in connection with a
sale or other capital or interim capital transaction;

            (ii) water charges, property taxes, sewer rents and other
impositions, other than fines, penalties, interest or such impositions (or
portions thereof) that are payable by reason of the failure to pay an imposition
timely; and

            (iii) the cost of routine maintenance, repairs and minor
alterations, to the extent they can be expensed under GAAP.

            "PROPERTY INCOME" means, for any Retail Property, all gross revenue
from the ownership and/or operation of such Retail Property (but excluding
income from a sale or other capital item transaction), service fees and charges
and all tenant expense reimbursement income payable with respect to such Retail
Property (but not such reimbursement for expenditures not deducted as a Property
Expense).

            "PROPERTY NOI" means, for any Retail Property for any period, (i)
all Property 


                                          21
<PAGE>

Income for such period, MINUS (ii) all Property Expenses for such period. 

            "RAW LAND" means (i) raw land or (ii) undeveloped land that
constitutes a portion of any Retail Property, other than such portions of the
Retail Properties as are reasonably considered to be an integral part of or a
pad site for such properties.

            "REAL PROPERTY" means each of those parcels (or portions thereof) of
real property, improvements and fixtures thereon and appurtenances thereto now
or hereafter owned or leased by the Borrower or any other Consolidated Entity.

            "REGULATION D" means Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board, as
amended from time to time.

            "REGULATION U" means Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board, as
amended from time to time.

            "REGULATORY COSTS" are, collectively, future, supplemental,
emergency or other changes in Reserve Percentages, assessment rates imposed by
the FDIC, or similar requirements or costs imposed by any domestic or foreign
governmental authority and related in any manner to a Fixed Rate.

            "REGULATORY CHANGE" means, with respect to any Lender, (i) the
adoption or becoming effective after the date hereof of any treaty, law, rule or
regulation, (ii) any change in any such treaty, law, rule or regulation, or any
change in the administration or enforcement thereof, by any Governmental
Authority, central bank or other monetary authority charged with the
interpretation or administration thereof, in each case after the date hereof, or
(iii) compliance after the date hereof by the Lender (or its Applicable Lending
Office or any holding company of the Lender) with, any interpretation,
directive, request, order or decree (whether or not having the force of law) of
any such Governmental Authority, central bank or other monetary authority.

            "REIT" is defined in the Preamble.

            "REQUIRED LENDERS" means, (i) if the Commitments have not
terminated, Lenders holding at least 66-2/3% of the aggregate amount of the
Commitments and, if the Agent Bank is not the sole Lender hereunder at such
time, at least two Lenders, or (ii) if the Commitments have terminated, (a)
Lenders holding at least 66-2/3% of the sum of (x) the aggregate unpaid
principal amount of the Advances PLUS (y) the aggregate amount of all Letter of
Credit Liability and (b) if the Agent Bank is not the sole Lender hereunder at
such time, at least two Lenders, in each case giving effect to the provisions of
Section 9.10.2.

            "RESPONSIBLE OFFICER" is defined in Section 2.1.3.1.

            "RESERVE PERCENTAGE" is, at any time the percentage announced within
the Agent Bank as the reserve percentage under Regulation D for loans and
obligations making reference to a LIBO Rate for a Fixed Rate Period or time
remaining in a Fixed Rate Period on a Price 


                                          22
<PAGE>

Adjustment Date, as appropriate. The Reserve Percentage shall be based on
Regulation D or other regulations from time to time in effect concerning
reserves for eurocurrency liabilities, as defined in Regulation D, from related
institutions as though the Agent Bank were in a net borrowing position, as
promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board. 

            "RESTRICTED CASH" means any cash or cash equivalents held by the
Borrower or any of the other Consolidated Entities with respect to which the
Borrower or the Consolidated Entity does not have unrestricted access and
unrestricted right to expend such cash or expend or liquidate such Permitted
Investments including, without limitation, cash or Permitted Investments
constituting tenant deposits held pursuant to any lease for any Real Property.

            "RESTRICTED PAYMENT" means (i) any dividend or other distribution,
direct or indirect, on account of any Capital Stock of the Borrower, the REIT or
any Subsidiary now or hereafter outstanding, except (a) a dividend or other
distribution payable solely in shares of Capital Stock of the Borrower, the REIT
or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, and (b) the issuance of equity interests
upon the exercise of outstanding warrants, options or other rights, or (ii) any
redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other
acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any Capital Stock of the Borrower,
the REIT or any Subsidiary now or hereafter outstanding. It is understood that
the conversion of any Capital Stock of the Borrower into Capital Stock of the
REIT shall not constitute a Restricted Payment by the Borrower.

            "RETAIL PROPERTY" means any Real Property that is a neighborhood,
community or regional shopping center or mall.

            "RETAIL PROPERTY UNDER CONSTRUCTION" means Retail Property for which
Commencement of Construction has occurred but construction of such Retail
Property is not substantially complete.

            "REVOLVING NOTE" means a promissory note made by Borrower payable to
the order of any Lender, in the amount of such Lender's Commitment, which note
is substantially in the form of EXHIBIT A-1, as amended from time to time.

            "SEC" means the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission, and any successor.

            "SENIOR OBLIGATIONS" is defined in Section 9.10.2.

            "SENIOR OFFICER" means, with respect to any Borrower Party, the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors,
the President, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the
Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, the General Counsel or any Vice
President in charge of a principal business unit or division of such Borrower
Party.

            "SENIOR UNSECURED INTEREST EXPENSE COVERAGE RATIO" means, at any
time, the 


                                          23
<PAGE>

ratio of (i) Property NOI of all Unencumbered Assets for the fiscal quarter then
most recently ended, to (ii) Interest Expense on all unsecured Debt for such
period (other than Interest Expense attributable to the Permitted Subordinated
Debentures). 

            "SINGLE EMPLOYER PLAN" means a Plan other than a Multiemployer
Plan.

            "STATED AMOUNT" means, with respect to a Letter of Credit, the
maximum amount available to be drawn thereunder, without regard to whether any
conditions to drawing could be met.

            "SUBORDINATED DEBT" is defined in Section 6.9.

            "SUBORDINATED CREDITOR" is defined in Section 6.9.

            "SUBSIDIARY" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person of
which more than 50% of the total voting power of the Capital Stock entitled to
vote in the election of the board of directors (or other Persons performing
similar functions) are at the time directly or indirectly owned by such first
Person. Unless otherwise specified, the term "SUBSIDIARY" refers to any
Subsidiary of a Borrower Party.

            "S&P" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of the
McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., or any successor.

            "TANGIBLE NET WORTH" means, at any time, (i) Net Worth MINUS (ii)
Intangible Assets, PLUS (iii) solely for purposes of Section 7.3.1., any
minority interest reflected in the balance sheet of the REIT, but only to the
extent attributable to Minority Interests, in each case at such time.

            "TAX EXPENSE" means (without duplication), for any period, total tax
expense (if any) attributable to income and franchise taxes based on or measured
by income, whether paid or accrued, of the REIT and the Consolidated Entities,
including the REIT's and Consolidated Entity's PRO RATA share of tax expenses in
the Unconsolidated Joint Venture. For purposes of this definition, the REIT's
PRO RATA share of any such tax expense of any Unconsolidated Joint Venture shall
be deemed equal to the product of (i) such tax expense of such Unconsolidated
Joint Venture, MULTIPLIED BY (ii) the percentage of the total outstanding
Capital Stock of such Person held by the REIT or any Consolidated Entity,
expressed as a decimal.

            "TAXES" means, collectively, all withholdings, interest equalization
taxes, stamp taxes or other taxes (except income and franchise taxes) imposed by
any domestic or foreign Governmental Authority and related in any manner to a
Fixed Rate.

            "THIRD PERSON" is defined in the definition of "Controlled
Consolidated Entity" in this Section 1.1.

            "TOTAL LIABILITIES" means, at any time, without duplication, the
aggregate 


                                          24
<PAGE>

amount of (i) all Debt and other liabilities of the Borrower and the
Consolidated Entities reflected in the financial statements of the REIT or
disclosed in the financial notes thereto, PLUS (ii) all liabilities of all
Unconsolidated Joint Ventures that is otherwise recourse to the Borrower or any
Consolidated Entity or any of its assets or that otherwise constitutes Debt of
the Borrower or any Consolidated Entity, PLUS (iii) the Borrower's PRO RATA
share of all Debt and other liabilities of any Unconsolidated Joint Venture not
otherwise constituting Debt of or recourse to the Borrower or any Consolidated
Entity or any of its assets. For purposes of clause (iii), the Borrower's PRO
RATA share of all Debt and other liabilities of any Unconsolidated Joint Venture
shall be deemed equal to the product of (a) such Debt or other liabilities,
MULTIPLIED BY (b) the percentage of the total outstanding Capital Stock of such
Person held by the Borrower or any Consolidated Entity, expressed as a decimal. 

            "TRANSFERRED PARTICIPATIONS" is defined in the Recitals.

            "UNCONSOLIDATED JOINT VENTURE" means (i) any Joint Venture of the
REIT or any Consolidated Entity in which the REIT or such Consolidated Entity
holds any Capital Stock but which would not be combined with the REIT in the
consolidated financial statements of the REIT in accordance with GAAP, and (ii)
any Investment of the REIT or any Consolidated Entity in any Person that is not
a Joint Venture.

            "UNENCUMBERED ASSET" means, subject to Section 4.3., any Real
Property that satisfies all of the following conditions:

            (i)    is a neighborhood, community and regional shopping center
or mall;

            (ii)   is Wholly-Owned, free and clear of any Lien (other than (a)
easements, covenants, and other restrictions, charges or encumbrances not
securing Debt that do not interfere materially with the ordinary operations of
the property and do not materially detract from the value of the property; (b)
building restrictions, zoning laws and other Applicable Laws, and (c) leases and
subleases of the property in the ordinary course of business, PROVIDED that any
such Liens under (c) that are ground leases entered into after the Closing Date
or that are ground leases with respect to Real Properties that become part of
the Unencumbered Pool after the Closing Date shall have been approved by the
Required Lenders in their discretion);

            (iii)  in the case of any Real Property title to which is not held
directly by the Borrower, (a) the Consolidated Entity holding title to such Real
Property is a Guarantor or becomes a Guarantor prior to the the Real Property
being treated as an Unencumbered Asset for purposes of determining the
Unencumbered Pool, (b) the Capital Stock of such Consolidated Entity is not
subject to any Lien, and (c) the Consolidated Entity delivers to the Agent (1)
an opinion of counsel, substantially in the form delivered to the Agent pursuant
to Section 4.1 and by counsel reasonably acceptable to the Agent, with respect
to the matters covered by the closing opinion delivered pursuant to Section 4.1
with respect to the Initial Guarantors, and (2) a copy of the charter documents
of the Guarantor, as in effect at that time;

            (iv)   unless waived by the Agent, a title report from a title
company of national 


                                          25
<PAGE>

repute for such Real Property is delivered to the Agent showing that no material
defects exist in or with respect to title to the Real Property (other than Liens
permitted to exist pursuant to clause (ii)); 

            (v)    unless waived by the Required Lenders, a Phase I
environmental study for such Real Property is delivered to the Agent showing
that no material adverse environmental conditions exist on or with respect to
the Real Property; 

            (vi)   not less than 80% of the M&F Gross Leaseable Area of the Real
Property shall be subject to a lease or a sublease pursuant to which rent is
being paid by the tenant thereunder;

            (vii)  the Real Property has been otherwise expressly approved by
the Required Lenders in writing as eligible for inclusion in the Unencumbered
Pool in their discretion; and 

            (viii) the Real Property has been designated by the Borrower as an
Unencumbered Asset.

            Unless the Borrower shall have notified the Agent and the Lenders to
the contrary, the Real Properties listed as "Unencumbered Assets" in the
Compliance Certificate most recently delivered to the Agent pursuant to Section
6.1.3, shall be considered designated by the Borrower as Unencumbered Assets
pursuant to clause (viii) above. As of the date hereof, all of the Real
Properties that have been approved by the Required Lenders as eligible for
inclusion in the Unencumbered Pool and designated by the Borrower as
Unencumbered Assets pursuant to clauses (vii) and (viii) above, respectively,
are set forth on SCHEDULE 1.1C. If any Unencumbered Asset (including any of the
properties listed on SCHEDULE 1.1C) no longer satisfies the conditions of the
foregoing clauses (ii), (iii) or (vi), at the direction of the Required Lenders,
the Agent shall notify the Borrower that, effective upon the giving of such
notice, such asset shall no longer be considered an Unencumbered Asset
(irrespective of whether a Default or Event of Default exists at that time or
results therefrom). If the Borrower intends to designate a property as an
Unencumbered Asset to be added to the Unencumbered Pool from time to time (other
than those listed on SCHEDULE 1.1C), it will notify the Agent and the Lenders of
such intention, which notice will include (a) a physical description of the
property to be added to the Unencumbered Pool, including its age and location
and, if requested by the Agent, a recent title report, (b) if title to the
property is held by a Consolidated Entity other than the Borrower, the names and
respective percentage interests of all Persons holding Capital Stock of such
Consolidated Entity, (c) information regarding the occupancy of the property (a
rent roll), (d) operating statements for the most recent Fiscal Quarter and the
most recent Fiscal Year (and the previous Fiscal Year, if available) and (e) an
operating budget for the current Fiscal Year. The property shall become part of
the Unencumbered Pool upon the written approval of the Required Lenders. If the
Borrower at any time intends to withdraw any Real Property from the Unencumbered
Pool, it shall (i) notify the Agent and the Lenders of its intention, and (ii)
deliver to the Agent and the Lenders a certificate of its chief financial
officer setting forth the calculations establishing that the Borrower will be in
compliance with Section 7.4. with giving effect to such withdrawal (and any


                                          26
<PAGE>

concurrent addition of properties to the Unencumbered Pool), which calculations
shall be substantially in the form of the calculations in EXHIBIT C-4 relating
to Section 7.4. Effective automatically upon delivery of such notice and
certificate by the Borrower, (i) such property shall no longer constitute an
Unencumbered Asset and (ii) if title to the property that is being released from
the Unencumbered Pool is not held directly by the Borrower and the Consolidated
Entity holding title to such property holds title to no other Unencumbered
Asset, such Consolidated Entity shall be released from the Guaranty, and shall
cease to be a Guarantor hereunder, in each case without any further action by
the Agent or any Lender.

            "UNENCUMBERED ASSET VALUE" means, at any time:

            (i)    with respect to any specified Unencumbered Asset other than
the Unencumbered Assets described in clauses (ii), (iii) or (v) below, for each
such property, (a) the product of such property's Property NOI for the Measuring
Period, MULTIPLIED BY 4, DIVIDED BY (b) 9.5% (expressed as a decimal); PLUS 

            (ii)   with respect to any specified Unencumbered Asset that is a
regional Retail Property other than a regional Retail Property described in
clause (iii) or (v) below, for each such property, (a) the product of such
property's Property NOI for the Measuring Period, MULTIPLIED BY 4, DIVIDED BY
(b) 8.5% (expressed as a decimal); PLUS

            (iii)  so long as Huntington Beach Mall is an Unencumbered Asset and
provided the Huntington Beach Mall is not described in clause (v) below, (a) the
product of such property's Property NOI for the Measuring Period, MULTIPLIED BY
4, DIVIDED BY (b) 9.5% (expressed as a decimal); PLUS

            (iv)   all cash and Permitted Investments (other than, in either
case, Restricted Cash) held by the Consolidated Entities at such time,
MULTIPLIED BY in the case of cash and Permitted Investments not Wholly-Owned, a
percentage (expressed as a decimal) equal to the percentage of the total
outstanding Capital Stock held by the Borrower of the Consolidated Entity
holding title to such cash and Permitted Investments; PLUS 

            (v)(a) 100% of Construction-in-Process with respect to Retail
Properties in the Unencumbered Pool that are Wholly-Owned and are Unencumbered
Assets and (b) the product of (1) 100% of Construction-in-Process with respect
to Retail Properties in the Unencumbered Pool that are not Wholly-Owned
MULTIPLIED BY (2) a percentage (expressed as a decimal) equal to the percentage
of the total outstanding Capital Stock held by the Borrower of the Consolidated
Entity holding title to such Retail Properties in the Unencumbered Pool;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Unencumbered Asset Value included in this clause (v)
shall not constitute more than 25% percent of the total Unencumbered Asset
Value.

            "UNENCUMBERED POOL" means the pool of Unencumbered Assets.

            "UNSECURED FUNDED DEBT" means any Debt referred to in clause (i),
(ii), (iii), (iv) or (ix) of the definition of "Debt" that is not secured by any
Lien.


                                          27
<PAGE>

            "WHOLLY-OWNED" means, with respect to any Real Property or other
asset owned or leased, that (i) title to such asset is held directly by, or such
asset is leased by, the Borrower, or (ii) in the case of Real Property, title to
such property is held by, or such property is leased by, a Consolidated Entity
at least 99% of the Capital Stock of which is held of record and beneficially by
the Borrower and the balance of the Capital Stock of which (if any) is held of
record and beneficially by the REIT (or any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the
REIT).

            "WHOLLY-OWNED ENTITY" is defined in Section 7.2.2.

            "YEAR 2000 COMPLIANT" is defined in Section 6.11.

      SECTION 1.2.  RELATED MATTERS.  

            1.2.1. CONSTRUCTION. Unless the context of this Agreement clearly
requires otherwise, references to the plural include the singular, the singular
includes the plural, the part includes the whole, "including" is not limiting,
and "or" has the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase "and/or." The words
"hereof," "herein," "hereby," "hereunder" and similar terms in this Agreement
refer to this Agreement as a whole (including the Preamble, the Recitals, the
Schedules and the Exhibits) and not to any particular provision of this
Agreement. Article, section, subsection, exhibit, schedule, recital and preamble
references in this Agreement are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified.
References in this Agreement to any agreement, other document or law "as
amended" or "as amended from time to time," or to amendments of any document or
law, shall include any amendments, supplements, replacements, renewals, waivers
or other modifications. References in this Agreement to any law (or any part
thereof) include any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (or with
respect to such part) by the relevant Governmental Authority, as amended from
time to time.

            1.2.2. DETERMINATIONS. Any determination or calculation contemplated
by this Agreement that is made by any Lender Party shall be final and conclusive
and binding upon each Borrower Party, and, in the case of determinations by the
Agent, also the other Lender Parties, in the absence of manifest error.
References in this Agreement to any "determination" by any Lender Party include
good faith estimates by such Lender Party (in the case of quantitative
determinations), and good faith beliefs by such Lender Party (in the case of
qualitative determinations). All references herein to "discretion" of any Lender
Party (or terms of similar import) shall mean "absolute and sole discretion."
All consents and other actions of any Lender Party contemplated by this
Agreement may be given, taken, withheld or not taken in such Lender Party's
discretion (whether or not so expressed), except as otherwise expressly provided
herein.

            1.2.3. ACCOUNTING TERMS AND DETERMINATIONS. Unless otherwise
specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all
accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements
required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared on a consolidated basis in
accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent (except for changes that the
independent public accountants of the REIT deem necessary in order to allow them
to render an unqualified opinion to the REIT and for changes that are not deemed
so necessary but are concurred in by such independent public accountants and the
Agent) with the 


                                          28
<PAGE>

audited consolidated financial statements of the REIT and the Consolidated
Entities referred to in Section 5.6.1. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, for purposes of determining the REIT's PRO RATA share of any income,
expense, asset, liability or other item of or with respect to any Unconsolidated
Joint Venture, as used in the defined terms used in or by reference in Section
7.3., the percentage of the Capital Stock held by the REIT or any Consolidated
Entity shall be the percentage required to be used under GAAP. 

            1.2.4. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS (OTHER THAN THE RULES REGARDING CONFLICTS
OF LAWS, EXCEPT THOSE CONTAINED IN CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1646.5) OF THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.

            1.2.5. HEADINGS. The Article and Section headings used in this
Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the
construction hereof.

            1.2.6. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement shall be
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable under Applicable Law in any
jurisdiction, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, which shall not affect any other
provisions hereof or the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision
in any other jurisdiction.

            1.2.7. INDEPENDENCE OF COVENANTS. All covenants under this Agreement
shall each be given independent effect so that if a particular action or
condition is not permitted by any such covenant, the fact that it would be
permitted by another covenant, by an exception thereto, or be otherwise within
the limitations thereof, shall not avoid the occurrence of a Default or an Event
of Default if such action is taken or condition exists.

            1.2.8. OTHER DEFINITIONS. Terms otherwise defined in Preamble, the
Recitals and in any other provision of this Agreement or any of the other Loan
Documents not defined or referenced in Section 1.1. have their respective
defined meanings when used herein or therein.

                                   ARTICLE 2.

                    AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE CREDIT FACILITIES

      SECTION 2.1.  CREDIT FACILITIES.  

            2.1.1.  COMMITTED FACILITY.  

                    2.1.1.1.  COMMITTED ADVANCES.  

                    Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Agreement, (a) on the Closing Date, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby
superseded, amended and restated in its entirety, and (b) each Lender hereby
severally agrees, at any time from and after the Closing Date until the Business
Day next preceding the Maturity Date, to make advances 


                                          29
<PAGE>

(each a "COMMITTED ADVANCE," which term shall also include amounts drawn under
Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.2.5.1.) to the Borrower in an aggregate
outstanding principal amount not to exceed at any time outstanding, when added
to other Commitment Usage of such Lender at such time, the Commitment of such
Lender, PROVIDED that the Commitment Usage of all Lenders at any time, in the
aggregate, shall not exceed the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders. Committed
Advances may be voluntarily prepaid and, subject to the provisions of this
Agreement (including Section 2.13.), any amounts so prepaid may be re-borrowed,
up to the amount available under this Section 2.1.1. at the time of such
re-borrowing. 

                    2.1.1.2.  TYPE OF COMMITTED ADVANCES AND MINIMUM AMOUNTS. 
Committed Advances made under this Section 2.1. may be Base Rate Advances or
Fixed Rate Advances, subject, however, to Section 2.4. Each Borrowing of Fixed
Rate Advances to which the same Fixed Rate Period is applicable shall be in a
minimum amount of $2,000,000 and integral multiples of $1,000,000. 

                    2.1.1.3.  NOTICE OF BORROWING.

                    2.1.1.3.1. When the Borrower desires to borrow pursuant to
Section 2.1., it shall deliver to the Agent a Notice of Borrowing substantially
in the form of EXHIBIT B-1, duly completed and executed by a Responsible Officer
(a "NOTICE OF BORROWING"), no later than 10:00 a.m. (California time) (i) at
least one Business Day before (or, if the Agent Bank is the sole Lender
hereunder at such time, on) the proposed Funding Date, in the case of a Base
Rate Advance, or (ii) at least three Business Days (or, if the Agent Bank is the
sole Lender hereunder at such time, one Business Day) before the proposed
Funding Date, in the case of a Fixed Rate Advance.

                    2.1.1.3.2. In lieu of delivering a Notice of Borrowing for a
Base Rate Advance, the Borrower, through a Responsible Officer, may give the
Agent telephonic notice by the required time of the proposed borrowing for
Advances of that type and all information required by a Notice of Borrowing;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that such notice shall be confirmed in writing by delivery of
a Notice of Borrowing by fax to the Agent as soon as practicable one day prior
to the proposed Funding Date. The Lender Parties shall incur no liability to the
Borrower in acting upon any telephonic notice that the Agent believes to have
been given by a Person authorized to act on behalf of the Borrower or for
otherwise acting in good faith under this Section 2.1. and in making any Advance
in accordance with this Agreement pursuant to any telephonic notice.

                    2.1.1.3.3. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
no Notice of Borrowing shall be required at any time while the Agent Bank is the
only Lender hereunder with respect to any Base Rate Advance while there shall be
in effect, pursuant to subsequent mutual agreement between the Borrower and the
Agent Bank, a program (such as a credit sweep) whereby Base Rate Advances are
made automatically to maintain a target balance in an account the Borrower
maintains with the Agent Bank (a "CREDIT SWEEP PROGRAM"). The Agent Bank shall
incur no liability to the Borrower making Advances pursuant to any Credit Sweep
Program. 


                                          30
<PAGE>

                    2.1.1.3.4. The Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of
the contents of any Notice of Borrowing (or telephonic notice in lieu thereof)
received by it and such Lender's PRO RATA portion of the Borrowing of Committed
Advances requested. Not later than 9:00 a.m. (California time) on the date
specified in such notice as the Funding Date, each Lender, subject to the terms
and conditions hereof, shall make its PRO RATA portion of the Borrowing of
Committed Advances available, in immediately available funds, to the Agent at
the Agent's Account. 

                    2.1.1.4.   FUNDING OF COMMITTED ADVANCES. Subject to and
upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Article 4. as
determined by the Agent, the Agent shall make the proceeds of the requested
Committed Advances available to the Borrower in Dollars in immediately available
funds in the Borrower Account. In addition, if the Borrower Account is
maintained with a financial institution other than the Agent, all borrowings
hereunder shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Funds Transfer
Agreement. 

            2.1.2.  BID FACILITY.  

                    2.1.2.1.  BID ADVANCES.  

                    2.1.2.1.1. Each Lender severally agrees that, subject to the
conditions that at the time of the Borrower's submission of the relevant
Competitive Bid Request no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, the Borrower may, in accordance with this SECTION 2.1.2. and the
other relevant provisions of the Loan Documents, from time to time request that
the Lenders, at any time before the 32nd day prior to the Maturity Date, submit
Competitive Bids to make Bid Advances to the Borrower; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
(X) at no time shall the Commitment Usage of all Lenders at any time, in the
aggregate, exceed the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders; (y) at no time shall
the aggregate principal amount of all Bid Advances exceed the Bid Advance Limit;
and (Z) at no time may the number of Fixed Rate Periods of then outstanding
Fixed Rate Advances and Absolute Rate Bid Advances exceed eight, in each case
giving effect to any Bid Advances then requested. 

                    2.1.2.1.2. The Lenders may, but shall not be obligated to,
submit Competitive Bids in response to any Competitive Bid Request, and the
Borrower may, but shall not be obligated to, accept any such offers. Subject to
Section 2.1.1.1., the obligation of a Lender to fund its PRO rata share of
Committed Advances shall be unaffected by its making of any Bid Advances,
notwithstanding that the sum of such Lender's Commitment Usage LESS the Lender's
PRO RATA share of all Bid Advances outstanding (regardless of whether such Bid
Advances were made by such Lender) PLUS the aggregate amount of such Lender's
outstanding Bid Advances, may exceed such Lender's Commitment. 

                    2.1.2.1.3. On the last day of each Fixed Rate Period
applicable to any Bid Advances, the Borrower shall pay to the Agent, for the
respective accounts of the Lenders making such Bid Advances, the full amount of
the principal of such Bid Advances.

                    2.1.2.2. TYPE OF BID ADVANCES AND MINIMUM AMOUNTS. Bid
Advances 


                                          31
<PAGE>

made under this Section 2.1.2 may be Absolute Rate Bid Advances or Fixed Rate
Bid Advances, subject, however, to Section 2.11. Each Borrowing of Fixed Rate
Bid Advances to which the same Fixed Rate Period is applicable shall be in a
minimum amount of $15,000,000 and integral multiples of $1,000,000. 

                    2.1.2.3. BID ADVANCE BORROWINGS.  

                    2.1.2.3.1. When the Borrower desires to effect one or more
Borrowings consisting of one or more Bid Advances, BUT NOT more often than once
in any period of 30 consecutive days, the Borrower shall notify the Agent by
telephone (followed promptly by a facsimile of the related Competitive Bid
Request) no later than 8:00 a.m. (California time), (x) in the case of a Fixed
Rate Auction, five Business Days prior to the proposed Funding Date of the
requested Borrowing, or (y) in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction, two
Business Days prior to the proposed Funding Date of the requested Borrowing(s),
TOGETHER WITH payment of any Fees payable to the Agent as provided in the Fee
Letter, specifying (together with the other information required to be provided
pursuant to the Competitive Bid Request): 

            (a)     the Funding Date of such Borrowing(s), which shall be a
      Business Day;

            (b)     the aggregate amount of such Borrowing(s), which shall be
      in an amount (subject to the limitations set forth in other provisions of
      the Loan Documents) equal to $15,000,000 or an integral multiple of
      $1,000,000 in excess thereof;

            (c)     whether the requested Borrowing(s) is/are to be made as
      either (1) one or more Fixed Rate Bid Advances or (2) one or more Absolute
      Rate Bid Advances; and

            (d)     the duration of the requested Fixed Rate Period (subject to
      the limitation that Borrower may request no more than three Fixed Rate
      Periods in any single Competitive Bid Request).

Borrower's right to request Competitive Bids for Bid Advances, and each Lender's
obligation to fund any Bid Advance pursuant to any Competitive Bid accepted by
Borrower, and all Bid Advances made from time to time, shall be subject in all
respects to the provisions of Sections 2.11, 2.12 and 2.13.

                    2.1.2.3.2. Upon receipt of a Competitive Bid Request, the
Agent shall promptly send a copy thereof to each of the Lenders by facsimile,
attaching thereto notice of the date and time (as specified in Section
2.1.2.3.3.) by which responses must be received in order to be considered by the
Borrower. The Competitive Bid Request shall not constitute an offer by the
Borrower, but merely an invitation to the Lenders to submit Competitive Bids
with respect to the requested Borrowing(s).

                    2.1.2.3.3.

             (a)    Each Lender may, in its discretion, submit a Competitive Bid
      containing 


                                          32
<PAGE>

      an offer or offers to make Bid Advances in response to any
      Competitive Bid Request. Each Competitive Bid must comply with the
      provisions of this Section 2.1.2.3 and must be submitted to the Agent (or,
      in the case of a Competitive Bid being submitted by the Agent in its
      capacity as a Lender, to the Borrower), by facsimile, no later than 7:00
      a.m. (or, in the case of a Competitive Bid by the Agent, in its capacity
      as Lender, 6:30 a.m.), California time, (1) in the case of a Fixed Rate
      Auction, three Business Days prior to the Funding Date of the proposed
      Borrowing(s), or (2) in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction, on the
      Funding Date. Each Competitive Bid so submitted (subject only to the
      provisions of Sections 2.1.2.1.1, 2.11, 2.12, 2.13 and 4.2 and to the
      satisfaction of all other conditions precedent to the requested Bid
      Advance(s)) shall be irrevocable, unless the Borrower otherwise agrees in
      writing.

             (b) Each Competitive Bid shall identify and be signed on behalf of
      the submitting Lender, shall specify the date of the proposed Borrowing(s)
      specified in the Competitive Bid Request in the form attached hereto as
      EXHIBIT B-3 to which the submitting Lender is responding and shall
      specify:

                        (i) the principal amount of each Bid Advance for which a
             Competitive Bid is being made (which shall not be limited by the
             submitting Lender's Commitment, but which shall be in an amount, no
             greater than the amount of the requested Borrowing, equal to
             $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess
             thereof); and

                        (ii)(1) in the case of a Fixed Rate Auction, the LIBO
             Bid Margin offered by the submitting Lender, or (2) in the case of
             an Absolute Rate Auction, the Absolute Rate offered by the
             submitting Lender.

      A Competitive Bid may include up to three separate offers by the
      submitting Lender with respect to each Fixed Rate Period specified in the
      Competitive Bid Request to which it responds. Any Competitive Bid that (X)
      does not include all the information required by this Section 2.1.2.3.3,
      (Y) contains language that qualifies or conditions the submitting Lender's
      offer to make the Bid Advance(s) described therein or to otherwise make
      such an offer revocable or proposes terms other than (or in addition to)
      the terms proposed in the relevant Competitive Bid Request OTHER THAN by
      setting an aggregate limit on the principal amount of Bid Advances for
      which offers being made by the submitting Lender maybe accepted, or (Z) is
      received by the Agent (or the Borrower, as applicable) after the time set
      forth in this Section 2.1.2.3.3 (unless amended to bring it into
      compliance with respect to any noncompliance described in clause (X) or
      (Y), in either case prior to the time set forth in this Section 2.1.2.3.3)
      shall be disregarded.

                    2.1.2.3.4. Promptly upon receipt, but not later than 8:00
a.m. (California time) on the date by which Competitive Bids are required to
have been submitted with respect to a Competitive Bid Request, the Agent shall
notify the Borrower of (i)(A) the terms of each Competitive Bid (other than one
that is to be disregarded as described above) received in 


                                          33
<PAGE>

response to the Competitive Bid Request, and (B) the identity of the Lender
submitting such Competitive Bid, and (ii)(A) the aggregate principal amount of
Bid Advances for which Competitive Bids have been received for each Fixed Rate
Period requested in the Competitive Bid Request, and (B) the respective
principal amounts and LIBO Bid Margins or Absolute Rates, as the case may be, so
offered. 

                    2.1.2.3.5. No later than 8:30 a.m. (California time) on the
date by which Competitive Bids are required to have been submitted with respect
to a Competitive Bid Request, the Borrower shall notify the Agent, by means of a
notice reasonably acceptable to the Agent in form, of its acceptance or
rejection of the offers notified to it as provided in Section 2.1.2.3.4. The
Borrower shall have no obligation to accept any such offer, and may choose to
reject all of them. If the Borrower has failed to timely notify the Agent of its
acceptance or rejection of any one or more offers by the time specified in this
Section 2.1.2.3.5., the Borrower shall be deemed to have rejected such offer(s).
The Borrower may accept any Competitive Bid (other than one that is to be
disregarded as provided above) in whole or in part, PROVIDED THAT:

             (a) the aggregate principal amount of the Competitive Bids so
      accepted may not exceed the aggregate amount of the Borrowing(s) requested
      in the relevant Competitive Bid Request;

             (b)(i) subject to the provisions set forth below with respect to
      multiple offers at the same LIBO Bid Margin or Absolute Rate, the
      principal amount of each accepted Competitive Bid must be in an amount
      equal to $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess
      thereof and (ii) Competitive Bids must be accepted with respect to an
      aggregate principal amount of at least $15,000,000; and

             (c) with respect to each Fixed Rate Period for which Competitive
      Bids were requested, the Borrower may accept offers solely on the basis of
      ascending LIBO Bid Margins or Absolute Rates, as the case may be (provided
      that the Borrower may, to the extent necessary to comply with the
      preceding subparagraph (b) accept only part of an offer at a particular
      LIBO Bid Margin or Absolute Rate and accept all or part of one or more
      offers at a higher Fixed Rate Bid Margin or Absolute Rate).

      If the Borrower chooses to accept one or more offers, Borrower shall
      deliver a notice to the Agent by not later than 8:30 a.m. (California
      time), in such form as Agent may from time to time reasonably request),
      specifying the aggregate principal amount of offers with respect to each
      requested Fixed Rate Period that it chooses to accept. If two or more
      Lenders offer the same LIBO Bid Margin or Absolute Rate for an aggregate
      principal amount greater than the amount for which such offers were
      requested (or greater than the remaining portion of such offers that has
      not been allocated to offers at lower Fixed Rate Bid Margins or Absolute
      Rates) with respect to any requested Fixed Rate Period, the Borrower shall
      allocate the principal amount of the affected Bid Advances among such
      Lenders as nearly as possible (in such multiples, not less than
      $1,000,000, as the Borrower may deem appropriate) in proportion to the
      aggregate principal amounts to


                                          34
<PAGE>

      which their respective offers related. The Borrower's allocation, in the
      absence of manifest error, shall be conclusive.

                    2.1.2.3.6. Promptly upon receipt of the notice from the
Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1.2.3.5, the Agent shall promptly notify each
Lender having submitted a Competitive Bid whether its offer has been accepted
and, if its offer has been accepted, of the amount of the Bid Advance(s) to be
made by it on the date of the relevant Borrowing(s). The date that is the second
Business Day prior to the Funding Date of the Borrowing set forth in the
applicable Competitive Bid Request shall be the "FIXED RATE COMMENCEMENT DATE"
for the Fixed Rate Period.

                    2.1.2.3.7. Promptly (but no later than one Business Day)
following each Borrowing of one or more Bid Advances, the Agent shall notify
each Lender (whether or not such Lender submitted a Competitive Bid with respect
to such Borrowing) of the ranges of Competitive Bids submitted and the highest
and lowest Competitive Bids accepted for each Fixed Rate Period requested by the
Borrower and of the aggregate amount of the Bid Advances made pursuant to such
Borrowing.

                    2.1.2.3.8. Upon receipt of a Competitive Bid Request in
proper form requesting Competitive Bids to make a Bid Advance that is a Fixed
Rate Advance under Section 2.1.2.3.1 above, the Agent shall determine the Fixed
Rate applicable to each of the Fixed Rate Periods specified in the Competitive
Bid Request, and shall, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Fixed
Rate Period, send a Fixed Rate Notice specifying such rate (or rates, as the
case may be) to the Borrower and the Lenders; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that failure to
give such notice to any Person shall not affect the validity of such rate. 

                    2.1.2.3.9. Not later than 9:00 a.m. (California time) on the
date specified in such notice as the Funding Date, each Lender that submitted a
Competitive Bid that was accepted by the Borrower, subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, shall make its Bid Advance available, in immediately
available funds, to the Agent at the Agent's Account.

              2.1.2.4. FUNDING OF BID ADVANCES. Subject to and upon satisfaction
of the applicable conditions set forth in Article 4. as determined by the Agent,
the Agent shall make the proceeds of the requested Bid Advances available to the
Borrower in Dollars in immediately available funds in the Borrower Account. In
addition, if the Borrower Account is maintained with a financial institution
other than the Agent, all borrowings hereunder shall be subject to the terms and
conditions of the Funds Transfer Agreement.

      2.1.3.  RESPONSIBLE OFFICERS WITH RESPECT TO ADVANCES.  

              2.1.3.1. The Borrower shall notify the Agent of the names of its
officers and employees authorized to request and take other actions with respect
to Advances on behalf of the Borrower (each a "RESPONSIBLE OFFICER") and shall
provide the Agent with a specimen signature of each such officer or employee.
The Agent shall be entitled to rely conclusively on a Responsible Officer's
authority to request and take other actions (including any Notices of 


                                          35
<PAGE>

Borrowing or telephonic notice in lieu thereof, notices pursuant to Section
2.4.2., acceptance of telephonic quotes of Fixed Rates given by the Lender
pursuant to Section 2.4.2., issuance of Competitive Bid Requests or telephonic
notice in lieu thereof and acceptance of Competitive Bids) with respect to
Advances on behalf of the Borrower until the Agent receives written notice to
the contrary. The Agent shall have no duty to verify the authenticity of the
signature appearing on any Notice of Borrowing, Competitive Bid Request or any
other certificate or notice delivered pursuant to this Agreement. 

              2.1.3.2. Any Notice of Borrowing (or telephone notice in lieu
thereof) delivered pursuant to Section 2.1.1.3. and any notice delivered
pursuant to Section 2.1.2.3.5. shall be irrevocable and the Borrower shall be
bound to make a Borrowing in accordance therewith. Further, each Notice of
Borrowing and each Competitive Bid Request shall set forth that the Agent's Loan
Number is 3959ZL and the Agent's Accounting Unit Number is 2924.

      SECTION 2.2.  LETTERS OF CREDIT.  

              2.2.1. IN GENERAL. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, at any time from and after the Closing Date until
the day that is thirty (30) days prior to the Maturity Date, the Agent Bank
shall issue for the account of the Borrower one or more Letters of Credit,
PROVIDED that (a) the aggregate Stated Amount of all outstanding Letters of
Credit shall not exceed $15,000,000, (b) the Stated Amount of the proposed
Letter of Credit, when added to other Commitment Usage of all Lenders at such
time, in the aggregate, shall not exceed the aggregate Commitments of all
Lenders, and (c) in no event shall Letters of Credit be issued for the benefit
of any of the Lenders. Letters of Credit shall have expiry dates not later than
24 months from the date of issuance and in any event not later than 10 Business
Days prior to the Maturity Date. No Letter of Credit shall contain an automatic
renewal or extension clause. The provisions of this Section 2.2. and Section
4.2. shall apply to any supplement, amendment, extension, renewal or increase of
a Letter of Credit as if it were a new Letter of Credit. 

              2.2.2.  EXISTING LETTER OF CREDIT.  

              The Existing Letter of Credit shall be treated as having been
issued pursuant to this Section 2.2. 

              2.2.3. ISSUANCES OF LETTERS OF CREDIT. When the Borrower desires
the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall deliver to the Agent Bank
at least five (5) Business Days before the Funding Date, a Letter of Credit
Agreement and such other documents and materials as may be required by the Agent
Bank, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent Bank. The Agent Bank
shall, if it approves of the contents of the Letter of Credit Agreement and such
other documents and materials, and subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, issue the Letter of Credit on or before 5:00 p.m. (California time)
on or before the day that is five (5) Business Days following the receipt of all
documents required under this Section 2.2.3. In the event of a conflict between
the terms of any Letter of Credit Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of
this Agreement shall govern. Upon issuance of a Letter of Credit, the Agent
shall promptly notify each Lender thereof and of such Lender's PRO RATA share of
such 


                                          36
<PAGE>

Letter of Credit. 

              2.2.4. PARTICIPATIONS IN LETTERS OF CREDIT. Immediately upon any
Person (other than the Agent Bank) becoming a Lender under this Agreement, such
Lender shall be deemed to have irrevocably purchased from the Agent Bank a
participation in the Existing Letter of Credit, any drawing thereunder in an
amount equal to such Lender's PRO RATA share of the aggregate Stated Amount of
the Existing Letter of Credit and such Lender's PRO RATA share of any unearned
Letter of Credit Fees paid by the Borrower to the Agent Bank in respect of the
Existing Letter of Credit. Immediately upon the issuance of a Letter of Credit
(other than the Existing Letter of Credit), each Lender (other than the Agent
Bank) shall be deemed to have irrevocably purchased from the Agent Bank a
participation in such Letter of Credit and any drawing thereunder in an amount
equal to such Lender's PRO RATA share of the Stated Amount of such Letter of
Credit. An amount equal to the Letter of Credit Liability for each Letter of
Credit shall be reserved under the Commitments and shall not be available for
borrowing for any purpose other than reimbursement of amounts drawn under the
Letters of Credit pursuant to the terms of this Section 2.2.

              2.2.5. DRAWINGS, ETC. Notwithstanding any provisions to the
contrary in any Letter of Credit Agreement: 

                     2.2.5.1. In case of a drawing under any Letter of Credit,
the amounts so drawn shall, from the date of payment thereof by the Agent Bank,
be deemed to be an Advance by the Agent Bank, as a Lender, and, to the extent
reimbursed pursuant to Section 2.2.5.2., Advances by the other Lenders, for all
purposes hereunder. 

                     2.2.5.2. Promptly after payment by the Agent Bank of any
amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, the Agent shall notify each Lender of
the amount of such drawing and of such Lender's respective participation
therein. Each Lender shall make available to the Agent Bank an amount equal to
its respective participation in immediately available funds, at the office of
such Agent Bank specified in such notice, not later than the Business Day after
the date on which the Agent gives such notice. Each Lender's obligations under
this Section 2.2.5.2. (a) shall not be subject to any set-off, counterclaim or
defense to payment that the Lender may have against any Borrower Party or
against the Agent Bank and (b) shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable,
and as a primary obligor, not as a surety, notwithstanding any circumstance or
event whatsoever, including (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default or
Default, (ii) the failure of any other Lender to fund its participation as
required hereby, (iii) the financial condition of any Borrower Party or Lender
Party or any set-off, counterclaim or defense to payment that the Borrower may
have or (iv) the termination or cancellation of the Commitment of such Lender.
If any Lender fails to make available to the Agent Bank the amount of such
Lender's participation in the Letter of Credit as provided in this Section
2.2.5.2., (A) such amount shall bear interest at the Federal Funds Rate (or,
commencing with the third day, the Base Rate) from the day on which the Agent's
notice referred to above is given until paid and (B) upon demand by the Agent
Bank, the Borrower shall make payment to the Agent Bank of such amount, together
with interest accrued thereon.


                                          37
<PAGE>

      SECTION 2.3. USE OF PROCEEDS. The proceeds of the Advances shall be used
by the Borrower only for pre-development and development costs, acquisition
costs, capital improvements, working capital, Investments, repayment of Debt,
scheduled amortization payments of Debt and general corporate purposes, in each
case to the extent otherwise permissible hereunder. No part of the proceeds of
the Advances or Letters of Credit shall be used directly or indirectly (a) to
purchase Capital Stock of any Lender Party or any of their respective
Affiliates, or (b) for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate,
of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock or maintaining or extending credit to
others for such purpose or for any other purpose that otherwise violates the
Margin Regulations.

      SECTION 2.4.  INTEREST; CONVERSION/CONTINUATION.  

             2.4.1.  EFFECTIVE RATE.  

                     2.4.1.1. The unpaid principal amount of all Advances (or
portions thereof) shall bear interest at the Effective Rate. The "EFFECTIVE
RATE" upon which interest shall be calculated for the Advances shall be one or
more of the following:

                            2.4.1.1.1.  Provided no Default or Event of Default
then exists:

                            (i) for those portions of the principal balance of
      Committed Advances that are not part of any Fixed Rate Portions, the
      Effective Rate shall be the Base Rate;

                            (ii) for those portions of the principal balance of
      Committed Advances that are part of Fixed Rate Portions, the Effective
      Rate for the Fixed Rate Period thereof shall be the Fixed Rate selected by
      the Borrower and set in accordance with the provisions hereof;

                            (iii) for those Bid Advances that are Absolute Rate 
      Bid Advances, the Effective Rate for the Fixed Rate Period thereof shall
      be the Absolute Rate quoted by the Lender making such Bid Advance pursuant
      to Section 2.1.2.3.3 and accepted by the Borrower pursuant to Section
      2.1.2.3.5; and

                            (iv) for those Bid Advances that are Fixed Rate Bid
      Advances, the Effective Rate for the Fixed Rate Period thereof shall be
      the Fixed Rate quoted by the Lender making such Bid Advance pursuant to
      Section 2.1.2.3.3 and accepted by the Borrower pursuant to Section
      2.1.2.3.5.

                     2.4.1.2. During such time as a Default or Event of Default
exists (whether or not the Obligations have then become due and payable by
acceleration) and from and after the Maturity Date, the interest rate applicable
to the then outstanding principal balance of all Advances shall be the rate set
forth in Section 2.4.1.1.1. or, at the option of the Lenders holding 66-2/3% of
the outstanding Advances, the Post-Default Rate.


                                          38
<PAGE>

             2.4.2. SELECTION OF FIXED RATE FOR COMMITTED Advances. Provided no
Default or Event of Default then exists, the Borrower, at its option and upon
satisfaction of the conditions set forth herein, may request a Fixed Rate as the
Effective Rate for calculating interest on any Committed Advance being requested
pursuant to Section 2.1. or the portion of the unpaid principal balance of
outstanding Committed Advances, in each case for the period selected in
accordance with and subject to the following procedures and conditions:

                    2.4.2.1. In the case of a request of a Fixed Rate with
respect to outstanding Committed Advances, three Business Days (or, if the Agent
Bank is the sole Lender hereunder at such time, one Business Day) before
requesting a Fixed Rate, the Borrower shall give the Agent advance telephonic
notice that it will request a rate quotation for a portion of the principal
balance of the Advances and for a period of time that conforms to a Fixed Rate
Portion and Fixed Rate Period and the other provisions hereof. The Agent will
promptly notify the Lenders of such request. In the case of a new Advance, the
Notice of Borrowing shall set forth the requested period of time, which shall
conform to a Fixed Rate Portion and Fixed Rate Period and the other provisions
hereof. 
                    2.4.2.2. In the case of a request of a Fixed Rate with
respect to outstanding Committed Advances, at approximately 9:00 a.m.
(California time) on the Business Day next following such advance notice, the
Borrower shall telephonically request the Agent to quote telephonically an
Applicable LIBO Rate as a Fixed Rate for the Fixed Rate Portion and Fixed Rate
Period selected by the Borrower. If upon the expiration of any Fixed Rate Period
with respect to any Fixed Rate Portion, the Borrower fails to select, or the
Agent is unable to provide, a Fixed Rate with respect to such Fixed Rate Portion
or any part thereof, such Fixed Rate Portion or part shall automatically convert
into a Base Rate Portion, and the Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of
such fact. The Borrower shall not be released from its obligation to pay
interest at the Effective Rate and the Lender Parties shall incur no liability
to the Borrower if the Borrower is unable to obtain, or the Agent is unable to
provide, a telephonic quote on any Business Day.  

                    2.4.2.3. In the case of a new Committed Advance that is a
Fixed Rate Advance, at approximately 9:00 a.m. (California time) on the Business
Day before the Funding Date (or, if the Agent Bank is the sole Lender hereunder
at such time, on the Funding Date) requested in the Notice of Borrowing, the
Borrower shall telephonically request the Agent to quote telephonically an
Applicable LIBO Rate as a Fixed Rate for the Fixed Rate Portion and Fixed Rate
Period selected by the Borrower in the related Notice of Borrowing. The Lender
Parties shall incur no liability to the Borrower if the Borrower is unable to
obtain, or the Agent is unable to provide, a telephonic quote on any Business
Day. In any such case, the Borrower shall be deemed to have withdrawn its Notice
of Borrowing without any further action being required by the Agent or the
Borrower.

                    2.4.2.4. If the Borrower accepts the Agent's telephonic
quote of the Fixed Rate requested with respect to any Committed Advance by
approximately 9:05 a.m. (California time) on the day of the Agent's quote, such
Fixed Rate shall be the Effective Rate for the Fixed 


                                          39
<PAGE>

Rate Portion and Fixed Rate Period selected. The date that is two Business Days
after the day on which (or, if the Agent Bank is then the sole Lender hereunder,
the day on which) the quoted Fixed Rate is telephonically accepted by the
Borrower shall be the "FIXED RATE COMMENCEMENT DATE" for that Fixed Rate Period.

                    2.4.2.5. The Agent is authorized to rely upon the telephonic
request by any Responsible Officer and acceptance of the Agent's telephonic
quote by any Person who purports to be a Responsible Officer. The Agent shall
incur no liability to the Borrower in acting upon any telephonic notice or
acceptance of any telephonic quote that the Agent believes to have been given or
made by a Person authorized to act on behalf of the Borrower or for otherwise
acting in good faith under this Section 2.4.2.

                    2.4.2.6. The Borrower's acceptance of a Fixed Rate shall be
confirmed by a written Fixed Rate Notice, which the Agent shall promptly deliver
to the Borrower and the Lenders not less than two days prior to the Fixed Rate
Commencement Date. The Agent's failure to deliver the Fixed Rate Notice shall
not release the Lenders from funding any Committed Advance requested pursuant to
a Notice of Borrowing, or the Borrower from its obligation to pay interest at
the Effective Rate pursuant to the terms hereof.

                    2.4.2.7. The Borrower shall not have the right to request a
Committed Advance in the form of a Fixed Rate Advance or request or accept a
quote of a Fixed Rate applicable to Fixed Rate Advances if more than five Fixed
Rate Portions are then subject to a Fixed Rate or if more than eight different
Fixed Rate Periods are then applicable to Fixed Rate Advances (including any
Fixed Rate Bid Advances and Absolute Rate Bid Advances).

                    2.4.2.8. All Committed Advances made or deemed made pursuant
to Section 2.2.5.1. shall initially be Base Rate Advances.

             2.4.3. PAYMENT OF INTEREST. Interest accrued on the Base Rate
Portion and each Fixed Rate Advance shall be due and payable in arrears (a) on
the first Business Day of each month, commencing with the first month following
the Closing Date and (b) on the Maturity Date.

             2.4.4. COMPUTATIONS. Interest on the Advances and other amounts
payable hereunder or the other Loan Documents shall be computed on the basis of
a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. Any change in the interest
rate on any Advance or other amount resulting from a change in the rate
applicable thereto (or any component thereof) pursuant to the terms hereof shall
become effective as of the opening of business on the Business Day on which such
change in the applicable rate (or component) shall become effective. Each
determination of an interest rate by the Agent pursuant to any provision of this
Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower for all purposes, in
the absence of manifest error.

             2.4.5. MAXIMUM LAWFUL RATE OF INTEREST. The rate of interest
payable on any Advances or other amount shall in no event exceed the maximum
rate permissible under Applicable Law. If the rate of interest payable on any
Advances or other amount is ever reduced  


                                          40
<PAGE>

as a result of this Section and at any time thereafter the maximum rate
permitted by Applicable Law shall exceed the rate of interest provided for in
this Agreement, then the rate provided for in this Agreement shall be increased
to the maximum rate provided by Applicable Law for such period as is required so
that the total amount of interest received by the Lenders is that which would
have been received by the Lenders but for the operation of the first sentence of
this Section. 

      SECTION 2.5.  NOTE, ETC.  

             2.5.1. ADVANCES EVIDENCED BY NOTE. The Committed Advances made by
each Lender shall be evidenced by its own single Revolving Note. The Bid
Advances made by each Lender shall be evidenced by its own single Bid Advance
Note. Each Note shall be dated the Closing Date and stated to mature in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement applicable to the relevant
Advances.

             2.5.2. NOTATION OF AMOUNTS AND MATURITIES, ETC. Each Lender is
hereby irrevocably authorized to record on the schedule attached to its Note (or
a continuation thereof) the information contemplated by such schedule. The
failure to record, or any error in recording, any such information shall not,
however, affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under any Note to
repay the principal amount of the Advances evidenced thereby, together with all
interest accrued thereon. All such notations shall constitute conclusive
evidence of the accuracy of the information so recorded, in the absence of
manifest error.

      SECTION 2.6.  FEES.  

             2.6.1. On the Closing Date and from time to time thereafter as
specified in the Fee Letter, the Borrower shall pay to the Agent the Fees
specified in the Fee Letter. All Fees shall be fully earned when payable
hereunder and under the Fee Letter and shall be non-refundable.

             2.6.2. The Borrower shall pay to the Agent, for the account of the
Lenders, a standby letter of credit fee (the "LETTER OF CREDIT FEE") for each
Letter of Credit issued (which Letter of Credit Fee shall be remitted to the
Lenders net of the Agent's usual and customary operational charges related to
the issuance, amendment or negotiation of any Letters of Credit) equal to one
and one-half percent (1.50%) per annum ($500 minimum per annum) of the Stated
Amount of each Letter of Credit from the date of issuance of such Letter of
Credit until its expiry. The Letter of Credit Fee shall be payable in advance
upon the issuance of any Letter of Credit.

             2.6.3. On each of April 1, July 1, October 1 and January 1 prior 
to the Maturity Date and on the Maturity Date, the Borrower shall pay in 
arrears to the Agent for the PRO RATA benefit of the Lenders a fee (the 
"FACILITY FEE") equal to (i) 0.25% per annum of the Commitments of all 
Lenders if the ratio of Total Liabilities to Gross Asset Value (expressed as 
a percentage) at the end of the Fiscal Quarter with respect to which the 
Facility Fee is being determined is less than 60% and (ii) 0.30% per annum of 
the Commitments of all Lenders if 


                                          41
<PAGE>

clause (i) does not apply (including if the Compliance Certificate
showing that clause (i) is satisfied is not delivered when required hereby). 

             2.6.4. If the extension option is exercised by the Borrower in
accordance with Section 2.7.2., then the Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the
PRO RATA benefit of the Lenders, a fee (the "EXTENSION FEE") equal to 0.25% of
the aggregate amount of the Commitments.

      SECTION 2.7.  TERMINATION, REDUCTION AND EXTENSION OF COMMITMENT.  

             2.7.1. Each Lender's Commitment shall terminate without further
action on the part of such Lender on the Maturity Date unless the Maturity Date
is extended pursuant to Section 2.7.2. In addition, the Commitment shall
terminate in accordance with Section 8.2.

             2.7.2. The Borrower may, by written notice to the Agent and the
Lenders not less than 60 days and not more than 120 days before the Maturity
Date initially in effect, request that the Maturity Date be extended to the date
that is one year following the initial Maturity Date. If the Borrower shall so
request such an extension, the Maturity Date shall be automatically extended to
the date that is one year following the initial Maturity Date; PROVIDED that no
such extension shall be effective unless (a) no Default or Event of Default
shall exist either on the date of the notice requesting such extension or on the
Maturity Date initially in effect , (b) each of the representations and
warranties of the Borrower Parties set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true
and complete on and as of each such date with the same force and effect as if
made on and as of each such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is
expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific
date) and (c) the Borrower shall have paid the Extension Fee.

             2.7.3. The Borrower shall have the right, at any time or from time
to time after the Closing Date, to terminate in whole or permanently reduce in
part, without premium or penalty, the unused Commitments to an amount not less
than the Commitment Usage of all Lenders outstanding at such time, by giving the
Agent not less than three Business Days' prior written notice of such
termination or reduction and the amount of any partial reduction. Any such
termination or partial reduction shall be effective on the date specified in the
Borrower's notice, shall be in a minimum amount of $1,000,000 and an integral
multiple thereof and shall be applied to the reduction, on a proportionate
basis, of each of the Commitments, the maximum Stated Amount of all Letters of
Credit as set forth in Section 2.2.1 and the Bid Advance Limit.

      SECTION 2.8.  REPAYMENTS AND PREPAYMENTS.  

             2.8.1. REPAYMENT. The unpaid principal amount of all Advances shall
be paid in full on the Maturity Date.

             2.8.2. MANDATORY PREPAYMENT FOR EXCESS ADVANCES. If at any time the
outstanding principal amount of all Advances PLUS the Letter of Credit Liability
exceeds the aggregate amount of the Commitments, the Borrower shall, on the
Business Day on which the Borrower learns or is notified of the excess, make
mandatory prepayments of first, the 


                                          42
<PAGE>

Committed Advances and, second, any Bid Advances as may be necessary so that,
after such repayment, such excess is eliminated. 

             2.8.3. REINSTATEMENT. To the extent any Lender Party receives
payment of any amount under the Loan Documents, whether by way of payment by the
Borrower, set-off or otherwise, which payment is subsequently invalidated,
declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to
a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, other law or
equitable cause, in whole or in part, then, to the extent of such payment
received, the Obligations or part thereof intended to be satisfied thereby shall
be revived and continue in full force and effect as if such payment had not been
received by such Lender Party.

             2.8.4. NO PREPAYMENT OF BID ADVANCES. The Borrower shall have no
right to pay all or any portion of any Bid Advance prior to the last day of the
Fixed Rate Period applicable thereto.

      SECTION 2.9.  MANNER OF PAYMENT.  

             Except as otherwise expressly provided, the Borrower shall make
each payment hereunder or under the other Loan Documents to the Agent in Dollars
and in immediately available funds, without any deduction whatsoever, including
any deduction for any set-off, recoupment, counterclaim or Taxes, at the Agent's
Office, for the account of the Applicable Lending Offices of the Lenders
entitled to such payment, not later than 11:00 a.m. (California time) on the due
date thereof. Any payments received after 11:00 a.m. (California time) on any
Business Day shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day.
Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a
Business Day, such payment shall instead be made on the next succeeding Business
DAY. Not later than 5:00 p.m. (California time) on the day such payment is
credited to the Advances outstanding hereunder, the Agent shall deliver to each
Lender, for the account of the Lender's Applicable Lending Office, in Dollars
and in immediately available funds, such Lender's share of the payment so made,
determined pursuant to Section 2.10. Delivery shall be made in accordance with
the written instructions satisfactory to the Agent from time to time given to
the Agent by each Lender. 

      SECTION 2.10.  PRO RATA TREATMENT.  Except to the extent otherwise
expressly provided herein,

             2.10.1. Committed Advances shall be requested from, and all Letter
of Credit Liability, the Interest Reserve and all Fees payable pursuant to
Sections 2.6.2, 2.6.3 and 2.6.4 shall be allocated to, the Lenders, PRO RATA
according to their respective Commitments.

             2.10.2. Each reduction of the Commitments of the Lenders shall be
applied to the respective Commitments of the Lenders PRO RATA according to their
respective Commitments before such reduction.

             2.10.3. Subject to Section 2.10.5, each payment or prepayment by
the Borrower of principal of the Committed Advances shall be made for the
account of the Lenders PRO RATA 


                                          43
<PAGE>

according to the respective unpaid principal amount of the Committed Advances
owed to the Lenders, and each payment by the Borrower of interest on the
Committed Advances shall be made for the account of the Lenders PRO RATA
according to the respective accrued but unpaid interest on the Committed
Advances owed to such Lenders. 

             2.10.4. Subject to Section 2.10.5, each payment by the Borrower of
principal of Bid Advances made as part of the same Borrowing shall be made for
the account of the Lenders holding such Bid Advances PRO RATA according to the
respective unpaid principal amount of such Bid Advances owed to such Lenders,
and each payment by the Borrower of interest on Bid Advances shall be made for
the account of the Lenders holding such Bid Advances PRO RATA according to the
respective accrued but unpaid interest on the Bid Advances owed to such Lenders.

             2.10.5. If, pursuant to Section 8.2.2, the Agent shall have
declared the unpaid principal amount of all Advances together with any and all
accrued interest thereon to be due and payable, all amounts received by the
Agent or any of the Lenders (whether received by voluntary payment, by
counterclaim or cross action or by the enforcement of any or all of the
Obligations) which are applicable to the payment of the Obligations, equitable
adjustment will be made so that, in effect, all such amounts will be shared
among the Lenders ratably in accordance with their proportionate share of the
amount to be so applied based on, in each case, the ratio of the aggregate
principal amount of all outstanding Advances (whether Committed Advances or Bid
Advances) owed to each Lender to the aggregate principal amount of all
outstanding Advances. 

      SECTION 2.11. MANDATORY SUSPENSION AND CONVERSION OF FIXED RATE ADVANCES.
If any of the transactions necessary for the calculation of interest at any
Fixed Rate requested or selected by the Borrower should be or become prohibited
or unavailable to any Lender, or, if in the Agent's good faith judgment, it is
not possible or practical for the Agent to set a Fixed Rate for a Fixed Rate
Portion, Fixed Rate Bid Advance or any Fixed Rate Period as requested or
selected by the Borrower or to continue to have outstanding any Fixed Rate
Portion or Fixed Rate Bid Advance, the Effective Rate for such Fixed Rate
Portion or Fixed Rate Bid Advance shall remain at or automatically revert to the
Base Rate, and (i) in the case of any Committed Advance, such Fixed Rate Advance
then being requested by the Borrower shall be made as a Base Rate Advance, or
(ii) in the case of any Fixed Rate Bid Advance, such Advance shall not be made,
in each case without any action on the part of the Borrower or the Lender
Parties.

      SECTION 2.12.  INCREASED REGULATORY COSTS.  

             2.12.1. TAXES, REGULATORY COSTS AND PERCENTAGES. Upon any Lender's
demand, the Borrower shall pay to the Agent, in addition to all other amounts
that may be, or become, due and payable under this Agreement or the other Loan
Documents, any and all Taxes and Regulatory Costs, to the extent they are not
internalized by calculation of a Fixed Rate. Further, at each Lender's option,
the Fixed Rate shall be automatically adjusted by adjusting the Reserve
Percentage, as determined by such Lender in its prudent banking judgment, from
the date of imposition (or any subsequent date selected by such Lender) of any
such Regulatory Costs. The 


                                          44
<PAGE>

relevant Lender shall give the Borrower notice of any Taxes and Regulatory Costs
as soon as practicable after their occurrence, but the Borrower shall be liable
for any Taxes and Regulatory Costs regardless of whether or when notice is so
given. In addition, if, on or after the date hereof, any Regulatory Change (a)
shall subject any Lender Party (or its Applicable Lending Office) to any Taxes
with respect to Letters of Credit or its obligations under or with respect
thereto, or changes the basis of taxation of payments to any Lender Party of
reimbursement obligations or related Fees or (b) shall impose, modify or deem
applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance or similar
requirement against, or any fees or charges in respect of, assets held by,
deposits with or other liabilities for the account of, Letters of Credit or
shall impose on any Lender Party (or its Applicable Lending Office) any other
condition affecting any Letter of Credit or any obligation in respect of Letter
of Credit participations, and the effect of the foregoing is (i) to increase the
cost to such Lender Party (or its Applicable Lending Office) of making, issuing,
renewing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or in respect of Letter of Credit
participations or (ii) to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by
such Lender Party (or its Applicable Lending Office) hereunder or under any
other Loan Document with respect thereto, then the Borrower shall from time to
time pay to such Lender Party, within 10 days after request by such Lender
Party, such additional amounts as may be specified by such Lender Party as
sufficient to compensate such Lender Party for such increased cost or reduction.

             2.12.2. CAPITAL COSTS. If a Regulatory Change after the date hereof
regarding capital adequacy (including the adoption or becoming effective of any
treaty, law, rule, regulation or guideline adopted pursuant to or arising out of
the July 1988 report of the Basle Committee on Banking Regulations and
Supervisory Practices entitled "International Convergence of Capital Measurement
and Capital Standards") has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of
return on the capital of or maintained by any Lender Party or any company
controlling such Lender Party as a consequence of such Lender Party's Advances,
Letters of Credit, participations therein or obligations hereunder and other
commitments of this type to a level below that which such Lender Party or such
company could have achieved but for such Regulatory Change (taking into account
such Lender Party's or company's policies with respect to capital adequacy),
then, subject to Section 2.14., the Borrower shall from time to time pay to such
Lender Party, within 10 days after request by such Lender Party, such additional
amounts as may be specified by such Lender Party as sufficient to compensate
such Lender Party or company for such reduction in return, to the extent such
Lender Party or such company determines such reduction to be attributable to the
existence, issuance or maintenance of such Advances, Letters of Credit,
participations therein or obligations for the account of the Borrower.

      SECTION 2.13. FIXED RATE PRICE ADJUSTMENT. The Borrower acknowledges that
prepayment or acceleration of a Fixed Rate Advance or an Absolute Rate Bid
Advance (including pursuant to Sections 2.8.2., 2.11., 2.12., 2.13. and 8.2.)
during a Fixed Rate Period will result in the Lender Party holding such Fixed
Rate Advance or Absolute Rate Bid Advance incurring additional costs, expenses
and/or liabilities and that it is extremely difficult and impractical to
ascertain the extent of such costs, expenses and/or liabilities. Therefore, on
the date a Fixed Rate Portion is prepaid or the date all Obligations become due
and payable, by 


                                          45
<PAGE>

acceleration or otherwise (a "PRICE ADJUSTMENT DATE"), the Borrower will pay
each Lender Party (in addition to all other sums then owing to such Lender
Party) an amount (the "FIXED RATE PRICE ADJUSTMENT") equal to (a) (i) in the
case of a Fixed Rate Advance, the then present value, calculated by using as a
discount rate the LIBO Rate quoted on the Price Adjustment Date, of the amount
of interest that would have accrued on the Fixed Rate Portion or Fixed Rate Bid
Advances then outstanding to such Lender Party for the remainder of the Fixed
Rate Period at the Fixed Rate, set on the related Fixed Rate Commencement Date
or applicable to such Fixed Rate Bid Advance LESS (ii) the amount of interest
that would accrue on the same Fixed Rate Portion or Fixed Rate Bid Advance for
the same period if the Fixed Rate were set on the Price Adjustment Date as the
Applicable LIBO Rate in effect on the Price Adjustment Date or (b) in the case
of an Absolute Rate Bid Advance, the sum of such losses and expenses as the
Lender that made such Absolute Rate Bid Advance may reasonably incur by reason
of such prepayment, including, without limitation, any losses or expenses
incurred in obtaining, liquidating or employing deposits from third parties, but
excluding loss of margin for the period after such prepayment. 

            By initialing this provision where indicated below, the Borrower
            confirms that each Lender Party's agreement to make the Advances
            evidenced by this Agreement at the interest rates and on the other
            terms set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents constitutes
            adequate and valuable consideration, given individual weight by the
            Borrower, for this Agreement.

                    BORROWER'S INITIALS:                
                                        ----------------

      SECTION 2.14. PURCHASE, SALE AND MATCHING OF FUNDS. The Borrower
understands, agrees and acknowledges the following: (a) no Lender Party has any
obligation to purchase, sell and/or match funds in connection with the use of a
LIBO Rate as a basis for calculating a Fixed Rate or Fixed Rate Price
Adjustment; (b) a LIBO Rate is used merely as a reference in determining a Fixed
Rate and Fixed Rate Price Adjustment; and (c) the Borrower has accepted a LIBO
Rate as a reasonable and fair basis for calculating a Fixed Rate and a Fixed
Rate Price Adjustment. The Borrower further agrees to pay the Fixed Rate Price
Adjustment, Taxes and Regulatory Costs, if any, whether or not any Lender Party
elects to purchase, sell and/or match funds.

                                   ARTICLE 3.

                                    GUARANTY

      SECTION 3.1.  GUARANTY.  

             3.1.1. The Guarantors unconditionally jointly and severally
guaranty and promise to pay to the order of the Agent, for the benefit of the
Lender Parties, on demand, in lawful money of the United States of America, any
and all Obligations from time to time owing to the Lender Parties (together with
the related provisions of this Article 3, this "GUARANTY"). All Obligations
shall be conclusively presumed to have been created in reliance on this
Guaranty. 


                                          46
<PAGE>

            3.1.2. In addition, the Guarantors jointly and severally promise to
pay to the Lender Parties, any and all costs and expenses, including attorneys'
fees and expenses, that the Lender Parties may incur in connection with (a) the
collection of all sums guarantied hereunder or (b) the exercise or enforcement
of any of the rights, powers or remedies of the Lender Parties under this
Guaranty or Applicable Law. All such amounts and all other amounts payable
hereunder shall be payable on demand, together with interest at a rate equal to
the lesser of (i) the Post Default Rate, or (ii) the maximum rate allowed by
Applicable Law, from and including the due date to and excluding the date of
payment.

            3.1.3. All payments under this Guaranty shall be made free and clear
of any and all deductions, withholdings and setoffs, including withholdings on
account of Taxes. 

      SECTION 3.2. CONTINUING AND IRREVOCABLE GUARANTY. This Guaranty is a
continuing guaranty of the Obligations and may not be revoked and shall not
otherwise terminate unless and until the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid
and performed in full. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any Guarantor shall
have any right under Applicable Law to terminate this Guaranty prior to
indefeasible payment in full of the Obligations, no such termination shall be
effective until noon the next Business Day after the Lender Parties shall
receive written notice thereof, signed by such Guarantor. Any such termination
shall not affect this Guaranty in relation to (a) any Obligation that was
incurred or arose prior to the effective time of such notice, (b) any Obligation
incurred or arising after such effective time where such Obligation is incurred
or arises either pursuant to commitments existing at such effective time or
incurred for the purpose of protecting or enforcing rights against the Borrower,
any Guarantor or other guarantor of or other Person directly or indirectly
liable on the Obligations or any portion thereof (an "OTHER GUARANTOR"; each of
the Borrower, the Guarantors and the Other Guarantors is referred to herein as
an "OBLIGOR") or any security ("COLLATERAL") given for the Obligations or any
other guaranties of the Obligations or any portion thereof (an "OTHER GUARANTY")
(c) any renewals, extensions, readvances, modifications or rearrangements of any
of the foregoing or (d) the liability of any other Guarantor hereunder.

      SECTION 3.3. NATURE OF GUARANTY. The liability of each Guarantor under
this Guaranty is independent of and not in consideration of or contingent upon
the liability of the Borrower or any other Obligor, and a separate action or
actions may be brought and prosecuted against any Guarantor, whether or not any
action is brought or prosecuted against the Borrower or any other Obligor or
whether the Borrower or any other Obligor is joined in any such action or
actions. This Guaranty shall be construed as a continuing, absolute and
unconditional guaranty of payment (and not merely of collection) without regard
to:

            3.3.1. the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement
(including this Guaranty), the Note or any other Loan Document, any of the
Obligations, any Lien or Collateral or any Other Guaranty;

            3.3.2. any defense (other than payment), set-off or counterclaim
that may at any time be available to the Borrower or any other Obligor against,
and any right of setoff at any time 


                                          47
<PAGE>

held by, any Lender Party; or

            3.3.3. any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to
or knowledge of each Guarantor or any other Obligor), whether or not similar to
any of the foregoing, that constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an
equitable or legal discharge of the Borrower or any other Obligor, in bankruptcy
or in any other instance.

Any payment by any Obligor or other circumstance that operates to toll any
statute of limitations applicable to such Obligor shall also operate to toll the
statute of limitations applicable to each Guarantor. When making any demand
hereunder (including by commencement or continuance of any legal proceeding),
any Lender Party may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand
on all or any of the other Obligors, and any failure by any Lender Party to make
any such demand shall not relieve any Guarantor of its obligations hereunder.

      SECTION 3.4. AUTHORIZATION. Each Guarantor authorizes each Lender Party,
without notice to or further assent by each Guarantor, and without affecting
each Guarantor's liability hereunder (regardless of whether any subrogation or
similar right that each Guarantor may have or any other right or remedy of each
Guarantor is extinguished or impaired), from time to time to:

            3.4.1. permit the Borrower to increase or create Obligations, or
terminate, release, compromise, subordinate, extend, accelerate or otherwise
change the amount or time, manner or place of payment of, or rescind any demand
for payment or acceleration of, the Obligations or any part thereof, or
otherwise amend the terms and conditions of this Agreement, any other Loan
Document or any provision thereof;

            3.4.2. take and hold any Collateral from the Borrower or any other
Person for the Obligations, perfect or refrain from perfecting a Lien on such
Collateral, and exchange, enforce, subordinate, release (whether intentionally
or unintentionally), or take or fail to take any other action in respect of, any
such Collateral or Lien or any part thereof;

            3.4.3. exercise in such manner and order as it elects in its sole
discretion, fail to exercise, waive, suspend, terminate or suffer expiration of,
any of the remedies or rights of any Lender Party against the Borrower or any
other Obligor in respect of any Obligations or any Collateral;

            3.4.4.  release, add or settle with any Obligor in respect of
this Guaranty, any Other Guaranty of the Obligations;

            3.4.5. accept partial payments on the Obligations and apply any and
all payments or recoveries from any Obligor or Collateral to such of the
Obligations as any Lender Party may elect in its sole discretion, whether or not
such Obligations are secured or guaranteed;

            3.4.6. refund at any time, at any Lender Party's sole discretion,
any payments or 


                                          48
<PAGE>

recoveries received by such Lender Party in respect of any Obligations or
Collateral; and 

            3.4.7. otherwise deal with the Borrower, any other Obligor and any
Collateral as any Lender Party may elect in its sole discretion.

      SECTION 3.5. CERTAIN WAIVERS.  Each Guarantor hereby waives:

            3.5.1. the right to require any Lender Party to proceed against the
Borrower or any other Obligor, to proceed against or exhaust any Collateral or
to pursue any other remedy in such Lender Party's power whatsoever and the right
to have the property of the Borrower or any other Obligor first applied to the
discharge of the Obligations;

            3.5.2. all rights and benefits under Section 2809 of the California
Civil Code and any other Applicable Law purporting to reduce a guarantor's
obligations in proportion to the obligation of the principal or providing that
the obligation of a surety or guarantor must neither be larger nor in other
respects more burdensome than that of the principal;

            3.5.3.  the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting the
Obligations or Guarantor's liability hereunder and of Section 359.5 of the
California Code of Civil Procedure;

            3.5.4.  any requirement of marshaling or any other principle of
election of remedies and all rights and defenses arising out of an election of
remedies by any Lender Party, even though that election of remedies, such as
nonjudicial foreclosure with respect to the security for a guaranteed
obligation, has destroyed such Guarantor's rights of subrogation, and
reimbursement against the Borrower by the operation of Section 580d of the
California Code of Civil Procedure or otherwise;

            3.5.5.  any right to assert against any Lender Party any defense
(legal or equitable), set-off, counterclaim and other right that such Guarantor
may now or any time hereafter have against the Borrower or any other Obligor;

            3.5.6.  presentment, demand for payment or performance (including
diligence in making demands hereunder), notice of dishonor or nonperformance,
protest, acceptance and notice of acceptance of this Guaranty, and all other
notices of any kind;

            3.5.7.  all defenses that at any time may be available to such
Guarantor by virtue of any valuation, stay, moratorium or other law now or
hereafter in effect;

            3.5.8.  any rights, defenses and other benefits such Guarantor may
have by reason of any failure of any Lender Party to comply with Applicable Law
in connection with the disposition of Collateral;

            3.5.9.  any rights or defenses the Guarantor may have because the
Obligations are secured by real property or an estate for years, including any
rights or defenses that are based upon, directly or indirectly, the application
of Section 580a, 580b, 580d, or 726 of the California 


                                          49
<PAGE>

Code of Civil Procedure to the Obligations; and

            3.5.10. without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any
other provision hereof, EACH GUARANTOR HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS AND DEFENSES
THAT ARE OR MAY BECOME AVAILABLE TO THE GUARANTOR BY REASON OF SECTIONS 2787 TO
2855, INCLUSIVE, AND SECTION 3433 OF THE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE.

      SECTION 3.6.  SUBROGATION; CERTAIN AGREEMENTS.  

            3.6.1.  EACH GUARANTOR WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS OF SUBROGATION,
INDEMNITY, CONTRIBUTION OR REIMBURSEMENT, AND ANY AND ALL BENEFITS OF AND RIGHTS
TO ENFORCE ANY POWER, RIGHT OR REMEDY THAT ANY LENDER PARTY MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER
HAVE IN RESPECT OF THE OBLIGATIONS AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER OBLIGOR,
ANY AND ALL BENEFITS OF AND RIGHTS TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY COLLATERAL, WHETHER
REAL OR PERSONAL PROPERTY, NOW OR HEREAFTER HELD BY ANY LENDER PARTY, AND ANY
AND ALL OTHER RIGHTS AND CLAIMS (AS DEFINED IN THE BANKRUPTCY CODE) THE
GUARANTOR MAY HAVE AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER OBLIGOR, UNDER APPLICABLE
LAW OR OTHERWISE, AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, BY REASON OF ANY PAYMENT HEREUNDER,
UNLESS AND UNTIL THE OBLIGATIONS SHALL HAVE BEEN PAID IN FULL. Without
limitation, each Guarantor shall exercise no voting rights, shall file no claim,
and shall not participate or appear in any bankruptcy or insolvency case
involving the Borrower with respect to the Obligations unless and until all the
Obligations shall have been paid in full. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any
amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on account of any such rights at any time,
such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Lender Parties and
shall forthwith be paid to the Lender Parties to be credited and applied in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents upon
the Obligations, whether matured, unmatured, absolute or contingent, in the
discretion of the Agent.

            3.6.2.  Each Guarantor assumes the responsibility for being and
keeping itself informed of the financial condition of the Borrower and each
other Obligor and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment
of the Obligations that diligent inquiry would reveal, and agrees that the
Lender Parties shall have no duty to advise any Guarantor of information
regarding such condition or any such circumstances.

      SECTION 3.7.  BANKRUPTCY NO DISCHARGE.  

            3.7.1.  Without limiting Section 3.3 this Guaranty shall not be
discharged or otherwise affected by any bankruptcy, reorganization or similar
proceeding commenced by or against the Borrower, any Guarantor or any other
Obligor, including (i) any discharge of, or bar or stay against collecting, all
or any part of the Obligations in or as a result of any such proceeding, whether
or not assented to by any Lender Party, (ii) any disallowance of all or any


                                          50
<PAGE>

portion of any Lender Party's claim for repayment of the Obligations, (iii) any
use of cash or other collateral in any such proceeding, (iv) any agreement or
stipulation as to adequate protection in any such proceeding, (v) any failure by
any Lender Party to file or enforce a claim against the Borrower, any Guarantor
or any other Obligor or its estate in any bankruptcy or reorganization case,
(vi) any amendment, modification, stay or cure of any Lender Party's rights that
may occur in any such proceeding, (vii) any election by any Lender Party under
Section 1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, or (viii) any borrowing or grant of a
Lien under Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code. Each Guarantor understands and
acknowledges that by virtue of this Guaranty, it has specifically assumed any
and all risks of any such proceeding with respect to the Borrower and each other
Obligor.

            3.7.2.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Event
of Default under Section 8.1.7 and 8.1.8 of this Agreement shall render all
Obligations under this Guaranty, automatically due and payable for purposes of
this Guaranty, without demand on the part of any Lender Party. 

            3.7.3.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained,
this Guaranty shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may
be, if at any time any payment, or any part thereof, of any or all of the
Obligations is rescinded, invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential
or otherwise required to be restored or returned by any Lender Party in
connection with any bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving
the Borrower, any other Obligor or otherwise or if such Lender Party elects to
return any such payment or proceeds or any part thereof in its sole discretion,
all as though such payment had not been made or such proceeds not been received.

      SECTION 3.8.  MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF GUARANTOR. If the obligations of each
of the Guarantors hereunder otherwise would be subject to avoidance under
Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or any applicable state law relating to
fraudulent conveyances or fraudulent transfers, taking into consideration such
Guarantor's (i) rights of reimbursement and indemnity from the Borrower with
respect to amounts paid by such Guarantor, (ii) rights of subrogation to the
rights of the Lender Parties and (iii) rights of contribution from each other
Obligor, then such obligations hereby are reduced to the largest amount that
would make them not subject to such avoidance. Any Person asserting that such
Guarantor's obligations are so avoidable shall have the burden (including the
burden of production and of persuasion) of proving (a) that, without giving
effect to this Section 3.8, such Guarantor's obligations hereunder would be
avoidable and (b) the extent to which such obligations are reduced by operation
of this Section 3.8. 

      SECTION 3.9.  FINANCIAL BENEFIT. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges and
warrants it has derived or expects to derive a financial advantage from each
Advance and each other relinquishment of legal rights, made or granted or to be
made or granted by any Lender Party in connection with the Obligations. After
giving effect to this Guaranty, and the transactions contemplated hereby, such
Guarantor is not Insolvent or left with assets or capital that is unreasonably
small in relation to its business or the Obligations. "INSOLVENT" means, with
respect to each Guarantor, that (a) determined on the basis of a "fair
valuation" or their "fair salable 


                                          51
<PAGE>

value" (whichever is the applicable test under Section 548 and other relevant
provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and the relevant state fraudulent conveyance
or transfer laws) the sum of such Guarantor's assets is less than its debts, or
(b) such Guarantor is generally not paying its debts as they become due. The
meaning of the terms "FAIR VALUATION" and "FAIR SALABLE VALUE" and the
calculation of assets and liabilities shall be determined and made in accordance
with the relevant provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and applicable state
fraudulent conveyance or transfer laws. 

                                   ARTICLE 4.

                        CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO ADVANCES
                              AND LETTERS OF CREDIT

      SECTION 4.1.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING DATE. The obligations of the
Lenders to make any Advances or of the Agent Bank to issue any Letters of Credit
on any Funding Date shall be subject to the occurrence of the following
conditions precedent:

            4.1.1.  CLOSING DATE. The Closing Date shall occur on or before
___________, 1998.

            4.1.2.  CERTAIN DOCUMENTS. The Agent shall have received the
documents listed on SCHEDULE 4.1.2., all of which shall be in form and substance
satisfactory to the Agent.

            4.1.3.  FEES AND EXPENSES PAID. The Borrower shall have paid all of
the Fees and expenses due and payable on or before the Closing Date, including
the Fees specified in the Fee Letter and all legal fees and disbursements of the
Agent's counsel (including, without limitation, allocated costs of in-house
counsel) for which the Borrower shall have been billed on or prior to such date.

            4.1.4.  GENERAL. All other documents and legal matters in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been delivered
or executed or recorded in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and the
Agent shall have received all such counterpart originals or certified copies
thereof as the Agent may request.

      SECTION 4.2.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO ADVANCES AND LETTERS OF CREDIT. The
obligation of the Lenders to make any Advances (except pursuant to Section
2.2.5.) or of the Agent Bank to issue any Letters of Credit on any Funding Date
shall be subject to the following conditions precedent:

            4.2.1.  CLOSING DATE. The conditions precedent set forth in Section
4.1. shall have been satisfied or waived in writing by the Agent before the
Notice of Borrowing (or telephonic notice in lieu thereof) is given or the
Letter of Credit Agreement is delivered.

            4.2.2.  NOTICE OF BORROWING, LETTER OF CREDIT AGREEMENT, ETC. The
Borrower shall have delivered, in accordance with the applicable provisions of
this Agreement, (a) to the Agent, a Notice of Borrowing (or telephonic notice in
lieu thereof), in the case of a Committed 


                                          52
<PAGE>

Advance (except in the case of any borrowing of a Base Rate Advance pursuant to
a Credit Sweep Program, if the Agent Bank is the sole Lender hereunder), (b) to
the Agent, a Competitive Bid Request and notification of acceptance of a
Competitive Bid submitted in response thereto, in the case of a Bid Advance or
(c) to the Agent Bank, a Letter of Credit Agreement (and such other documents
and instruments as the Agent Bank may require under Section 2.2.3.), in the case
of a Letter of Credit. 

            4.2.3.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. All of the representations
and warranties of the Borrower contained in the Loan Documents shall be true and
correct in all material respects on and as of the Funding Date as though made on
and as of that date (except to the extent that such representations and
warranties expressly were made only as of a specific date).

            4.2.4.  LETTER OF CREDIT FEES. In the case of any issuance of a
Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall have paid to the Agent Bank, for the
account of the Lenders, the Letter of Credit Fees then due and payable in
respect of such Letter of Credit.

            4.2.5.  NO DEFAULT. No Default or Event of Default shall exist or
result from the making of the Advance or the issuance of the Letter of Credit.

            4.2.6.  NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE. No Material Adverse Change shall
have occurred since the date of the financial statements referred to in Section
5.6.

            4.2.7.  ORDERS OF GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY, ETC. No order, judgment or
decree of, or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law)
from, any Governmental Authority, or any other Applicable Law, shall purport by
its terms to enjoin, restrain, prohibit or otherwise prevent the Agent Bank from
issuing letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit or shall impose upon
the Agent Bank or any Lender with respect to that Letter of Credit (or any
participation therein) any restriction, unreimbursed reserve requirement or
unreimbursed cost or expense that was not applicable, in effect or known to the
Agent Bank or such Lender on the Closing Date and that the Agent Bank or such
Lender in good faith deems materially adverse to it.

            Each borrowing of an Advance (including any Advance made pursuant to
any Credit Sweep Program or upon any draw under a Letter of Credit) and Letter
of Credit issuance shall constitute a representation and warranty by the
Borrower as of the Funding Date that the conditions contained in Sections 4.2.5.
through 4.2.7. have been satisfied.

      SECTION 4.3.  ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS PRECEDENT AND PROVISIONS APPLICABLE 
TO CERTAIN ACQUISITION ADVANCES.  

            4.3.1.  CERTAIN CONDITIONS. The Borrower may request, and the
Lenders shall be required to make Committed Advances pursuant to Section 
2.1.1, for the purpose of acquiring (the "ACQUISITION") a Real Property (a) 
that, once acquired, qualifies as an Unencumbered Asset (including the 
previous approval by the Required Lenders pursuant to subsection (vii) of the 

                                          53
<PAGE>

definition of "Unencumbered Asset"), and (b) without inclusion of which in the
Unencumbered Pool, the Borrower would not be in compliance with Section 7.4
giving effect to such Advances, if, in addition to the other conditions set
forth in this Agreement (including Section 4.2), all of the following conditions
shall be satisfied as of the Funding Date: 

                    4.3.1.1.  The Borrower shall be in compliance with
Section 7.4 giving effect to the Acquisition and the funding of the
Committed Advances;

                    4.3.1.2. The Borrower shall have previously delivered to the
Agent and the Lenders the information required to be delivered to them under the
definition of "Unencumbered Asset" as to such Real Property, and such Real
Property shall have been approved as eligible for inclusion in the Unencumbered
Pool as contemplated by clause (ii) of such definition;

                    4.3.1.3. The Borrower shall have delivered to the Agent a
separate Notice of Borrowing with respect to that portion of such Committed
Advances that could not be made in compliance with Section 7.4 without giving
effect to the inclusion of such Real Property in the Unencumbered Pool (such
portion being the "ACQUISITION ADVANCES");

                    4.3.1.4. The Borrower shall have delivered to the Agent
concurrently with its Notice of Borrowing referred to in Section 4.3.1.3 above,
a certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-5, duly executed by a
Senior Officer of the Borrower, describing the Real Property to be acquired,
designating such Real Property as an Unencumbered Asset effective upon
consummation of the Acquisition, and setting forth the Unencumbered Asset Value
of such Real Property as if it were an Unencumbered Asset as of the date of such
Notice of Borrowing (the "PRO FORMA UNENCUMBERED ASSET VALUE");

                    4.3.1.5. All statements set forth in the certificate
referred to in 4.3.1.4 above shall be true and correct as of the date thereof
and the Funding Date; 

                    4.3.1.6. The Borrower shall have provided to the Agent and
the Lenders such information as may be reasonably requested by the Agent and the
Lenders in order to verify the terms, timing and method of payment specified in
the contract between a Borrower Party, as purchaser of the Real Property to be
acquired, and the seller of such property (the "ACQUISITION AGREEMENT"), or to
determine compliance with this Section 4.3.; and 

                    4.3.1.7. No Required Lender shall have notified the Borrower
(and, if the notice is given by any Lender, also the other Lenders and the
Agent) that it is not satisfied in its discretion that the requested Acquisition
Advances are consistent with the terms of the Acquisition Agreement, that such
Acquisition Agreement is BONA FIDE, and that the Real Property will qualify as
an Unencumbered Asset upon the completion of the Acquisition of such property
pursuant to the terms of the Acquisition Agreement.

            Each borrowing of an Acquisition Advance shall constitute a
representation and warranty by the Borrower as of the Funding Date that the
conditions contained in this 


                                          54
<PAGE>

Section 4.3.1 have been satisfied.

            4.3.2.  CERTAIN PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO ACQUISITION ADVANCES.

                    4.3.2.1. The amount of the Pro Forma Unencumbered Asset
Value reflected in the certificate referred to in Section 4.3.1.4 with respect
to a Real Property, the Acquisition of which is financed through Acquisition
Advances, shall, notwithstanding that such Real Property is not yet an
Unencumbered Asset, be added to, and treated as part of, the Unencumbered Asset
Value for a period commencing on the related Funding Date and ending no later
than the earlier to occur of (i) seven calendar days thereafter, or (ii) the
date on which the Acquisition is consummated (the "CUT-OFF DATE"). 

                    4.3.2.2. The Borrower agrees and covenants that the proceeds
of all Acquisition Advances shall be used only to acquire the relevant Real
Property and that, if the Acquisition of such Real Property is not consummated
by, or such Real Property does not qualify as an Unencumbered Asset on the
Cut-off Date, then the Borrower shall immediately prepay outstanding Advances
under the Credit Agreement in an amount equal to the amount of such Acquisition
Advances.

                                   ARTICLE 5.

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

            Each Borrower Party represents and warrants to the Lender Parties as
follows:


      SECTION 5.1.  ORGANIZATION, AUTHORITY AND TAX STATUS OF THE BORROWER; 
ENFORCEABILITY, ETC.

            5.1.1.  ORGANIZATION AND AUTHORITY; TAX STATUS. The Borrower has
been duly formed, is validly existing as a limited partnership in good standing
under the laws of the State of Delaware, and is duly qualified to transact
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of
its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification
except where the absence of such qualification would not have a Material Adverse
Effect. The Borrower has all requisite power and authority to own or hold under
lease the property it purports to own (including the properties listed on
SCHEDULE 1.1C that are designated as owned by the Borrower) or hold under lease,
to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, to
execute and deliver the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to perform its
obligations hereunder and thereunder. The Borrower is a partnership for purposes
of federal income taxation and for purposes of the tax laws of any state or
locality in which the Borrower is subject to taxation based on its income. 

            5.1.2.  AUTHORIZATION; BINDING EFFECT. The Borrower has by all 
necessary action duly authorized (a) the execution and delivery of the Loan 
Documents to which the Borrower is a party and (b) the performance of its 
obligations thereunder. Each Loan Document to which the 

                                          55
<PAGE>

Borrower is a party constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of 
the Borrower, enforceable against it in accordance with its respective terms, 
except as enforcement may be limited by equitable principles and by 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating 
to creditors' rights generally. 

            5.1.3.  PARTNERSHIP UNITS; GENERAL PARTNER. All of the Partnership
Units of the Borrower are validly issued and non-assessable and owned of record
in the percentage amounts and by the Persons set forth on SCHEDULE 5.1., as
amended from time to time. The REIT owns (i) 26,004,747 Partnership Units of the
Borrower, (ii) 5,185,542 Preferred Partnership Units of the Borrower and (iii)
3,627,131 Series A Partnership Units of the Borrower, free and clear of any
Liens. Such Partnership Units were offered and sold in compliance with all
Applicable Laws (including, without limitation, federal and state securities
laws). There are no outstanding securities convertible into or exchangeable for
Partnership Units of the Borrower, or options, warrants or rights to purchase
any such Partnership Units, or, except as set forth on SCHEDULE 5.1, commitments
of any kind for the issuance of additional Partnership Units or any such
convertible or exchangeable securities or options, warrants or rights to
purchase such Partnership Units. The REIT is the sole general partner of the
Borrower.

      SECTION 5.2.  ORGANIZATION, AUTHORITY AND REIT STATUS OF THE REIT; 
ENFORCEABILITY, ETC.  

            5.2.1.  ORGANIZATION AND AUTHORITY. The REIT is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Maryland, and
is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of
property requires such qualification except where the absence of such
qualification would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The REIT has all
requisite power and authority to own or hold under lease the property it
purports to own or hold under lease, to carry on its business as now conducted
and as proposed to be conducted, to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations hereunder.

            5.2.2.  AUTHORIZATION; BINDING EFFECT. The REIT has by all necessary
action duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
performance of its obligations hereunder. This Agreement constitutes the legal,
valid and binding obligation of the REIT, enforceable against it in accordance
with its respective terms, except as enforcement may be limited by equitable
principles and by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar
laws relating to creditors' rights generally.

            5.2.3.  REIT STATUS. The REIT is organized in conformity with the
requirements for qualification as a real estate investment trust under the Code
and its ownership and method of operation enables it to meet the requirements
for taxation as a real estate investment trust under the Code.


                                          56
<PAGE>

      SECTION 5.3.  ORGANIZATION, AUTHORITY AND TAX STATUS OF GUARANTORS; 
ENFORCEABILITY, ETC.  

            5.3.1.  ORGANIZATION AND AUTHORITY. Each of the Guarantors has been
duly formed, is validly existing as a general partnership or a limited
partnership, as the case may be, in good standing under the laws of the State of
California, and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing
in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or
leasing of property requires such qualification except where the absence of such
qualification would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Guarantors
has all requisite power and authority to own or hold under lease the property it
purports to own (including the property listed on SCHEDULE 1.1C that is
designated as owned by such Guarantor) or hold under lease, to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, to execute and
deliver the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations
thereunder. Each of the Guarantors is a partnership for purposes of federal
income taxation and for purposes of the tax laws of any state or locality in
which such Guarantor is subject to taxation based on its income.

            5.3.2.  AUTHORIZATION; BINDING EFFECT. Each of the Guarantors has by
all necessary action duly authorized the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder. This Agreement
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Guarantor,
enforceable against it in accordance with its respective terms, except as
enforcement may be limited by equitable principles and by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to creditors'
rights generally.

      SECTION 5.4.  CONSOLIDATED ENTITIES AND UNCONSOLIDATED JOINT 
VENTURES; MANAGEMENT COMPANIES.  

            5.4.1.  OWNERSHIP. SCHEDULE 5.4. (as amended from time to time)
contains complete and correct lists of the Consolidated Entities (other than the
Borrower) and the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures, showing, in each case, the
correct name thereof, the type of organization, the jurisdiction of its
organization, and the percentage of Capital Stock outstanding and owned by the
Borrower Parties and the Consolidated Entities, as the case may be. All of the
outstanding shares of Capital Stock of each Consolidated Entity or
Unconsolidated Joint Venture shown in SCHEDULE 5.4. as being owned by any
Borrower Party or any Consolidated Entity have been validly issued and are owned
by such Borrower Party or Consolidated Entity free and clear of any Lien (except
as otherwise disclosed on SCHEDULE 5.4.).

            5.4.2.  ORGANIZATION AND OWNERSHIP. Each Consolidated Entity and
Unconsolidated Joint Venture is a corporation, partnership or other legal entity
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of organization, and is duly qualified to transact business and is
in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or
its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification except where
the absence of such qualification would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Each
such Consolidated Entity and Unconsolidated Joint Venture has all requisite
power and authority to own or hold under lease the property it purports to own
or hold under lease, to carry on its 


                                          57
<PAGE>

business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted. Each such
Consolidated Entity or Unconsolidated Joint Venture organized as a partnership
is a partnership for purposes of federal income taxation and for purposes of the
tax laws of any state or locality in which the Borrower is subject to taxation
based on its income. 

            5.4.3.  MANAGEMENT COMPANIES. Each of the Management Companies is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of jurisdiction of incorporation, and is duly qualified to transact business and
is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or
its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification. Each of the
Management Companies has all requisite power and authority to own or hold under
lease the property it purports to own or hold under lease, to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted. The Borrower is the
sole owner of record of all of the issued and outstanding shares of preferred
stock of each of the Management Companies. Each of the Management Contracts
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of the signatories that are
party thereto, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms.

      SECTION 5.5.  NO CONFLICT, ETC.  

            5.5.1.  NO CONFLICT. The execution, delivery and performance by each
Borrower Party of each Loan Document to which it is party, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated thereby, do not and will not (a) violate any
provision of the charter, bylaws or partnership agreement of any Borrower Party,
as the case may be, (b) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute (or,
with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute) a default
under, or require the approval or consent of any person pursuant to (except as
disclosed in SCHEDULE 5.5., which consents have been obtained and are in full
force and effect), any Contractual Obligation of any Borrower Party, or violate
any provision of Applicable Law binding on any Borrower Party, or (c) result in
the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any material asset of any Borrower
Party.

            5.5.2.  GOVERNMENTAL APPROVALS. Except for filings and recordings
which are described on SCHEDULE 5.5., which in each case have been made and are
in full force and effect, no Governmental Approval is or will be required in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance of any Borrower Party of
this Agreement or any Loan Document to which it is party or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby or to ensure the legality, validity or
enforceability hereof or thereof. Each of the REIT, the Borrower and the other
Consolidated Entities possesses all material Governmental Approvals, in full
force and effect, free from burdensome restrictions, that are necessary for the
ownership, maintenance and operation of its properties and conduct of its
business as now conducted and proposed to be conducted, and is not in violation
thereof.

      SECTION 5.6.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION.  

            5.6.1.  The consolidated balance sheet of the REIT and the
Consolidated Entities for the Fiscal Years ended December 31, 1995, December 31,
1996, and December 31, 1997, and 


                                          58
<PAGE>

the consolidated statements of income, retained earnings and cash flow of the
REIT and the Consolidated Entities for the Fiscal Year then ended, in each case
certified by the Borrower's independent certified public accountants, copies of
which have been delivered to the Agent, were prepared in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied and fairly present the consolidated financial position of
the REIT and the Consolidated Entities as at the respective dates thereof and
the results of operations and cash flow of the REIT and the Consolidated
Entities for the respective periods then ended. Neither the REIT nor any
Consolidated Entity had on such dates any material Contingent Obligations,
liabilities for Taxes or long-term leases, unusual forward or long-term
commitments or unrealized losses from any unfavorable commitments which are not
reflected in the foregoing statements or in the notes thereto and which are
material to the business, assets, prospects, results of operation or financial
condition of the REIT and the Consolidated Entities taken as a whole. 

            5.6.2.  The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the REIT as at
March 31, 1998 and related statements of income, retained earnings and cash flow
for the period then ended, approved by the Chief Financial Officer of the REIT,
a copy of which has been delivered to the Agent, were prepared in accordance
with GAAP consistently applied (except to the extent noted therein) and fairly
present the consolidated financial position of the REIT and the Consolidated
Entities as of such date and the results of operations and cash flow for the
period covered thereby, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments. Neither
the REIT nor any Consolidated Entity had on such date any material Contingent
Obligations, liabilities for Taxes or long-term leases, unusual forward or
long-term commitments or unrealized losses from any unfavorable commitments
which are not reflected in the foregoing statements or in the notes thereto and
which are Material.

      SECTION 5.7.  NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGES. Since December 31, 1997, there
has been no Material Adverse Change that has not been disclosed in any report
filed by the REIT with the SEC prior to date hereof.

      SECTION 5.8.  LITIGATION. Except as disclosed in SCHEDULE 5.8. hereto,
there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the best knowledge of
the Borrower Parties, threatened against or affecting the REIT or any
Consolidated Entity or any of its or their respective properties before any
Governmental Authority (a) in which there is a reasonable possibility of an
adverse determination that could have a Material Adverse Effect, or (b) which
draws into question the validity or the enforceability of this Agreement, any
other Loan Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby.

      SECTION 5.9.  AGREEMENTS; APPLICABLE LAW. Neither the REIT nor any
Consolidated Entity is in violation of any Applicable Law, or in default under
any Contractual Obligations to which it is a party or by which its properties
are bound, except where such violation or default could not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the REIT or any
Consolidated Entity is a party to or bound by any unduly burdensome Contractual
Obligation which could have a Material Adverse Effect that has not been
disclosed in any report filed by the REIT with the SEC prior to date hereof.


                                          59
<PAGE>

      SECTION 5.10. GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION. Neither the REIT nor any
Consolidated Entity is (a) an "investment company" registered or required to be
registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or a company
controlled by such a company, or (b) subject to regulation under the Public
Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, the Federal Power Act, the Interstate
Commerce Act or to any Federal or state, statute or regulation limiting its
ability to incur Debt for money borrowed.

      SECTION 5.11. MARGIN REGULATIONS. Neither the REIT nor any Consolidated
Entity is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the
business of extending credit for the purposes of purchasing or carrying Margin
Stock. The execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents by the
Borrower Parties will not violate the Margin Regulations. The value of all
Margin Stock held by the Borrower Parties and their Subsidiaries constitutes
less than 25% of the value, as determined in accordance with the Margin
Regulations, of all assets of the Borrower Parties and their Subsidiaries.

      SECTION 5.12. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.  

            5.12.1. Each Borrower Party and each of the ERISA Affiliates is in
compliance in all Material respects with all Applicable Laws including any
applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code and the regulations and published
interpretations thereunder with respect to all Plans and Multiemployer Plans.
There have been no Prohibited Transactions with respect to any Plan which could
result in any Material liability of any Borrower Party or any of the ERISA
Affiliates. Neither any Borrower Party nor any of the ERISA Affiliates has
participated in or contributed to any Defined Benefit Plan at any time. Neither
any Borrower Party nor any of the ERISA Affiliates has failed to make any
Material payments required to be made under any agreement relating to a
Multiemployer Plan or any law pertaining thereto. The Borrower Parties and the
ERISA Affiliates have not had asserted and do not expect to have asserted
against them any Material penalty, interest or excise tax under Sections 4971,
4972, 4975, 4976, 4977, 4979, 4980 or 4980B of the Code or Sections 502(c)(1) or
502(i) of ERISA. Each Plan covering employees of the Borrower Parties or any of
the ERISA Affiliates is able to pay benefits thereunder when due. There are no
Material claims pending or overtly threatened, involving any Plan, nor is there
any reasonable basis to anticipate any claims involving any such Plans.

            5.12.2. The investment in the Borrower Parties by benefit plan
investors is not significant within the meaning of Department of Labor
Regulation Section 2510.3-101(f).

      SECTION 5.13. TITLE TO PROPERTY; LIENS.  

            5.13.1. Each of the REIT, the Controlled Consolidated Entities and,
to the best knowledge of the Borrower Parties, the other Consolidated Entities
or Unconsolidated Joint Ventures has good and marketable title to, or valid and
subsisting leasehold interests in, all of its Real Property and other property
reflected in its books and records as being owned by it. On and after the
Closing Date, each Real Property from time to time designated by the Borrower as
an Unencumbered Asset meets the conditions set forth in the definition of
"Unencumbered Asset" (other than those set forth in clause (iv) thereof).


                                          60
<PAGE>

            5.13.2. Neither the REIT, any Controlled Consolidated Entity nor, to
the best knowledge of the Borrower Parties, any other Consolidated Entity or
Unconsolidated Joint Venture is in default in the performance or observance of
any of the covenants or conditions contained in any of its Contractual
Obligations, except where such default or defaults, if any, would not have a
Material Adverse Effect.

      SECTION 5.14. LICENSES, TRADEMARKS, ETC. The REIT, the Controlled
Consolidated Entities and, to the best knowledge of the Borrower Parties, the
other Consolidated Entities or Unconsolidated Joint Ventures own or hold valid
licenses in all necessary trademarks, copyrights, patents, patent rights and
other similar rights which are Material to the conduct of their respective
businesses as heretofore operated and as proposed to be conducted. Neither the
REIT, any Controlled Consolidated Entity nor, to the best knowledge of the
Borrower Parties, any other Consolidated Entity or Unconsolidated Joint Venture
has been charged or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower Parties, threatened
to be charged with any infringement of, nor has any of them infringed on, any
unexpired trademark, patent, patent registration, copyright, copyright
registration or other proprietary right of any Person except where the effect
thereof individually or in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse
Effect.

      SECTION 5.15. ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION.  Except as set forth on
SCHEDULE 5.15. hereto:

            5.15.1. To the best of each Borrower Party's knowledge, all Real
Property owned or used by the REIT or any Consolidated Entity is free from
contamination from any Hazardous Materials except contamination that would not
have a Material Adverse Effect that has not been disclosed in any report filed
by the REIT with the SEC prior to date hereof. To the best of each Borrower
Party's knowledge, no polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) (including any
transformers, capacitors, ballasts, or other equipment which contains dielectric
fluid containing PCBs) or asbestos is constructed within, stored, disposed of or
location on such Real Property except for matters that would not have a Material
Adverse Effect or that have not been disclosed in any report filed by the REIT
with the SEC prior to date hereof. Neither the REIT nor any Consolidated Entity
has caused or suffered, nor to the knowledge of any Borrower Party has any other
owner or user of such Real Property caused or suffered any Environmental Damages
that has had or which could have a Material Adverse Effect that has not been
disclosed in any report filed by the REIT with the SEC prior to date hereof.

            5.15.2. Neither the REIT nor any Consolidated Entity nor, to the
best knowledge of each Borrower Party, any prior owner or occupant of the Real
Property owned or used by the REIT or any Consolidated Entity has received
notice of any alleged violation of Environmental Requirements, or notice of any
alleged liability for Environmental Damages in connection with the Real
Property, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
that has not been disclosed in any report filed by the REIT with the SEC prior
to date hereof. There exists no order, judgment or decree outstanding, nor any
action, suit, proceeding, citation or investigation, pending or threatened,
relating to any alleged liability arising out of the suspected presence of
Hazardous Material, any alleged violation of Environmental Requirements or any
alleged liability for Environmental Damages in connection with the Real Property
or the business 


                                          61
<PAGE>

or operations of the REIT and the Consolidated Entities that has had or which
could have a Material Adverse Effect that has not been disclosed in any report
filed by the REIT with the SEC prior to date hereof nor, to the best of each
Borrower Party's knowledge, does there exist any basis for such action, suit,
proceeding, citation or investigation being instituted or filed.

      SECTION 5.16. ABSENCE OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS. Neither any Controlled
Consolidated Entity nor, to the best knowledge of the Borrower Parties, any
other Consolidated Entity or Unconsolidated Joint Venture is subject to any
Contractual Obligation which restricts or limits its ability to (a) pay
dividends or make any distributions on its Capital Stock, (b) incur or pay Debt
owed the REIT or any other Consolidated Entity, (c) make any loans or advances
to the Borrower or (d) transfer any of its property to the Borrower; PROVIDED
that the foregoing restrictions in subclauses (b), (c) and (d) shall not apply
to any Bankruptcy Remote Entity to the extent such restrictions are required by
any rating agency as a condition to the rating of the Debt of such Bankruptcy
Remote Entity.

      SECTION 5.17. DISCLOSURE. The information in any document, certificate or
written statement furnished to the Lender by or on behalf of the REIT, the
Borrower or any other Consolidated Entity with respect to the business, assets,
prospects, results of operation or financial condition of the REIT, the
Borrower, or any other Consolidated Entity or any Unconsolidated Joint Venture,
including operating statements and rent rolls, for use in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement has been true and correct or, in the
case of any information relating to any Consolidated Entity that is not a
Controlled Consolidated Entity or to any Unconsolidated Joint Venture, true and
correct to the best knowledge of the Borrower Parties. There is no fact known to
the Borrower Parties (other than matters of a general economic nature) that has
a Material Adverse Effect or could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, which has not been disclosed herein or in such other documents,
certificates, and statements.

                                   ARTICLE 6.

                  AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER PARTIES

      So long as any portion of the Commitments shall be in effect and until all
Obligations are paid in full:

      SECTION 6.1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND OTHER REPORTS. The Borrower Parties
will deliver to the Agent, with sufficient copies for the Lender Parties:

            6.1.1. within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, the
consolidated balance sheet of the REIT and the Consolidated Entities as of the
end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of income,
stockholders' equity and cash flow of the REIT and the Consolidated Entities for
such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the
consolidated or combined figures, as the case may be, for the previous Fiscal
Year, all in reasonable detail and accompanied by a report thereon of Coopers &
Lybrand or other independent certified public accountants of recognized national
standing selected by the 


                                          62
<PAGE>

Borrower and reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, which report shall be
unqualified (except for qualifications that the Required Lenders do not consider
Material in their discretion) and shall state that such consolidated financial
statements fairly present the financial position of the REIT and the
Consolidated Entities as at the date indicated and the results of their
operations and cash flow for the periods indicated in conformity with GAAP
(except as otherwise stated therein) and that the examination by such
accountants in connection with such consolidated financial statements has been
made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards;

            6.1.2. within 45 days after the end of each Fiscal Quarter, a
consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Consolidated Entities as at
the end of such quarter and the related combined statements of income and cash
flow of the REIT and the Consolidated Entities for such quarter and the portion
of the Fiscal Year ended at the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case
in comparative form the consolidated or combined figures, as the case may be,
for the corresponding periods of the prior Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail
and in conformity with GAAP (except as otherwise stated therein), together with
a representation by the REIT's chief financial officer, as of the date of such
financial statements, that such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP (PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that such financial statements may not
include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete
financial information) and reflect all adjustments that are, in the opinion of
management, necessary for a fair presentation of the financial information
contained therein;

            6.1.3. together with each delivery of financial statements pursuant
to clauses (a) and (b) above, a Compliance Certificate duly completed and
setting forth the calculations required to establish whether the Borrower
Parties were in compliance with Sections 7.2.2., 7.3., 7.4.
and 7.5 on the date of such financial statements;

            6.1.4. promptly after any Borrower Party becomes aware of the
occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, a certificate of a Senior Officer
of the Borrower Party setting forth the details thereof and the action which the
Borrower Party is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto;

            6.1.5. not later than five (5) days after their being filed with the
SEC, copies of all financial statements, reports, notices and proxy statements
sent or made available by the REIT to its security holders, all registration
statements (other than the exhibits thereto) and annual, quarterly or monthly
reports, if any, filed by the REIT with the SEC (other than reports under
Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and all press
releases by the REIT or any Consolidated Entity concerning material developments
in the business of the REIT or any Consolidated Entity;

            6.1.6. if requested by Agent, not later than ten (10) days after
such request, Tax returns, reports, declarations, statements, information
statements or any other document filed by the REIT with respect to the income
Taxes of the REIT or the qualification of the REIT as a real estate investment
trust under the Code;

            6.1.7. promptly after any Borrower Party obtains knowledge thereof,
notice of all 


                                          63
<PAGE>

litigation or proceedings commenced or threatened affecting the REIT or any
Consolidated Entity in which there is a reasonable possibility of an
adverse decision and (a) which involves alleged liability in excess of
$2,500,000 (in the aggregate) which is not covered by insurance, (b) in which
injunctive or similar relief is sought which if obtained could have a Material
Adverse Effect or (c) which questions the validity or enforceability of any Loan
Document;

            6.1.8. within 120 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, a forecast
for the next succeeding two Fiscal Years of the consolidated results of
operations and cash flows of the REIT, together with (a) an outline of the major
assumptions upon which the forecast is based and (b) information regarding the
capital expenditures forecast for such period (including leasing commissions,
tenant improvements, renovations and other capital expenditures, all broken down
by appropriate categories), other than capital expenditures attributable to
acquisitions of Real Properties (or to the Real Properties so acquired) that may
occur (but have not yet occurred) during the period covered by the forecast;

            6.1.9.  for each Unencumbered Asset held in the Unencumbered
Pool:

                  6.1.9.1. within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, a
property budget with respect to such Unencumbered Asset for the next Fiscal
Year; and

                  6.1.9.2. within 45 days after the end of each Fiscal Quarter,
operating statements, rent rolls and lease status reports with respect to such
Unencumbered Asset;

            6.1.10. for each Retail Property that constitutes
Construction-in-Process the value of which is estimated to be $20,000,000 or
greater:

                  6.1.10.1.  within 45 days after the Commencement of
Construction, a property budget with respect to such Retail Property; and

                  6.1.10.2.  within 45 days after the Commencement of
Construction, a pro forma operating statement respect to such Retail
Property;

            6.1.11. promptly after the receipt thereof, a copy of any notice,
summons, citation or written communication concerning any actual, alleged,
suspected or threatened Material violation of Environmental Requirements, or
Material liability of any Borrower Party or any Consolidated Entity for
Environmental Damages in connection with its Real Property or past or present
activities of any Person thereon; and

            6.1.12. from time to time such additional information regarding the
financial position or business of the REIT and the Consolidated Entities or
regarding any of the Real Properties as the Agent may reasonably request on
behalf of any Lender.

      SECTION 6.2. RECORDS AND INSPECTION. Each Borrower Party shall, and shall
cause each Consolidated Entity to, maintain adequate books, records and accounts
as may be required or necessary to permit the preparation of consolidated
financial statements in accordance with


                                          64
<PAGE>

sound business practices and GAAP. Each Borrower Party shall, and shall cause
each Consolidated Entity to, permit such persons as any Lender may designate, at
reasonable times and as often as may be reasonably requested, to (a) visit and
inspect any properties of the Borrower Parties and the Consolidated Entities,
(b) inspect and copy their books and records, and (c) discuss with their
officers and employees and their independent accountants, their respective
businesses, assets, liabilities, prospects, results of operation and financial
condition.

      SECTION 6.3. CORPORATE EXISTENCE, ETC. Each Borrower Party shall, and
shall cause each Consolidated Entity to, at all times preserve and keep in full
force and effect its partnership, corporate or other legal existence, as the
case may be, and any licenses, permits, rights and franchises material to its
business, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the partnership, corporate or other legal
existence of any Consolidated Entity (other than the Borrower) may be terminated
if, in the good faith judgment of the REIT, such termination is in the best
interest of the Borrower and is not disadvantageous in any material respect to
any Lender Party.

      SECTION 6.4. PAYMENT OF TAXES AND CHARGES. The Borrower Parties shall, and
shall cause each Consolidated Entity to, file all tax returns required to be
filed in any jurisdiction and, if applicable, pay and discharge all Taxes
imposed upon it or any of its properties or in respect of any of its franchises,
business, income or property before any material penalty shall be incurred with
respect to such Taxes, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that, unless and until foreclosure,
distraint, levy, sale or similar proceedings shall have commenced, the Borrower
Parties and the Consolidated Entities need not pay or discharge any such Tax so
long as the validity or amount thereof is contested in good faith and by
appropriate proceedings and so long as any reserves or other appropriate
provisions as may be required by GAAP shall have been made therefor.

      SECTION 6.5. MAINTENANCE OF PROPERTIES. Each Borrower Party shall, and
shall cause each Consolidated Entity to, maintain or cause to be maintained in
good repair, working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted), all
Real Properties and all other Material properties useful or necessary to its
business, and from time to time the Borrower Parties will make or cause to be
made all appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereto.

      SECTION 6.6. MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE. Each Borrower Party shall, and
shall cause each Consolidated Entity to, maintain with financially sound and
reputable insurance companies, insurance in at least such amounts, of such
character and against at least such risks as are usually insured against in the
same general area by companies of established repute engaged in the same or a
similar business.

      SECTION 6.7. CONDUCT OF BUSINESS. No Borrower Party or Consolidated Entity
shall engage in any business other than the business of owning and operating
Retail Properties or the assets and other properties set forth in Section 7.2.2.
or any businesses incident thereto. Each Borrower Party shall, and shall cause
each Consolidated Entity to, conduct its business in compliance in all material
respects with Applicable Law and all material Contractual Obligations.

      SECTION 6.8. EXCHANGE LISTING; TAX STATUS OF BORROWER PARTIES. The REIT
will do or 


                                          65
<PAGE>

cause to be done all things necessary to maintain the listing of its Capital
Stock on the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq
National Market System and continue to qualify as a real estate investment trust
under the Code, and the Borrower will do or cause to be done all things
necessary to cause it to be treated as a partnership for purposes of federal
income taxation and the tax laws of any state or locality in which the Borrower
is subject to taxation based on its income. 

      SECTION 6.9.  SUBORDINATION.  

            6.9.1. The REIT, the Borrower and each Guarantor (each a
"SUBORDINATED CREDITOR") hereby absolutely subordinates, both in right of
payment and in time of payment, (a) in the case of the REIT, any and all present
or future obligations and liabilities of the Borrower or any Guarantor to the
REIT, (b) in the case of any Guarantor, any and all present or future
obligations and liabilities of the Borrower or any other Guarantor to such
Guarantor. and (c) in the case of the Borrower, any and all present and future
obligations and liabilities of the REIT or any Guarantor to the Borrower (such
obligations and liabilities referred to in clause (a) or (b) being "SUBORDINATED
DEBT"), to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations or the
obligations of such Person under the Guaranty, as applicable. Each Subordinated
Creditor agrees to make no claim for, or receive payment with respect to, such
Subordinated Debt until all Obligations and such obligations have been fully
discharged in cash. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall be
entitled to declare and pay dividends with respect to its Capital Stock, as long
as no Event of Default then exists.

            6.9.2. All amounts and other assets that may from time to time be
paid or distributed to or otherwise received by any Subordinated Creditor in
respect of Subordinated Debt in violation of this Section 6.9. shall be
segregated and held in trust by the Subordinated Creditor for the benefit of the
Lender Parties and promptly paid over to the Agent.

            6.9.3. Each Subordinated Creditor further agrees not to assign all
or any part of the Subordinated Debt unless the Agent is given prior notice and
such assignment is expressly made subject to the terms of this Agreement. If the
Agent so requests, (a) all instruments evidencing the Subordinated Debt shall be
duly endorsed and delivered to the Agent, (b) all security for the Subordinated
Debt shall be duly assigned and delivered to Agent for the benefit of the
Lenders, (c) the Subordinated Debt shall be enforced, collected and held by the
relevant Subordinated Creditor as trustee for the Lender Parties and shall be
paid over to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders on account of the
Advances, and (d) the Subordinated Creditors shall execute, file and record such
documents and instruments and take such other action as the Agent deems
necessary or appropriate to perfect, preserve and enforce the Lender Parties'
rights in and to the Subordinated Debt and any security therefor. If any
Subordinated Creditor fails to take any such action, the Lender, as
attorney-in-fact for such Subordinated Creditor, is hereby authorized to do so
in the name of the Subordinated Creditor. The foregoing power of attorney is
coupled with an interest and cannot be revoked.

            6.9.4. In any bankruptcy or other proceeding in which the filing of
claims is 


                                          66
<PAGE>

required by Applicable Law, each Subordinated Creditor shall file all claims
relating to the Subordinated Debt that the Subordinated Creditor may have
against the obligor thereunder and shall assign to the Agent, for the benefit of
the Lenders, all rights of the relating to the Subordinated Debt thereunder. If
any Subordinated Creditor does not file any such claim, the Agent, as
attorney-in-fact for the Subordinated Creditor, is hereby authorized to do so in
the name of the Subordinated Creditor or, in the Agent's discretion, to assign
the claim to a nominee and to cause proof of claim to be filed in the name of
the Agent or the Agent's nominee. The foregoing power of attorney is coupled
with an interest and cannot be revoked. The Agent or its nominee shall have the
right, in its reasonable discretion, to accept or reject any plan proposed in
such proceeding and to take any other action which a party filing a claim is
entitled to do. In all such cases, whether in administration, bankruptcy or
otherwise, the Person or Persons authorized to pay such claim shall pay to the
Agent for the benefit of the Lenders the amount payable on such claim and, to
the full extent necessary for that purpose, each Subordinated Creditor hereby
assigns to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders all of the Subordinated
Creditor's rights to any such payments or distributions; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, the
Subordinated Creditor's obligations hereunder shall not be satisfied except to
the extent that the Agent receives cash by reason of any such payment or
distribution.

      SECTION 6.10. REMEDIAL ACTION REGARDING HAZARDOUS MATERIALS. The Borrower
shall promptly take, and shall cause its Subsidiaries promptly to take, any and
all necessary remedial action in connection with the presence, storage, use,
disposal, transportation or release of any Hazardous Materials on, under or
about any Real Property in order to comply with all applicable Environmental
Requirements. In the event that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
undertakes any remedial action with respect to any Hazardous Materials on, under
or about any Real Properties, the Borrower and such Subsidiary shall conduct and
complete such remedial action in compliance with all applicable Environmental
Requirements and in accordance with the policies, orders and directives of all
Governmental Authorities.


      SECTION 6.11. YEAR 2000 COVENANT. The Borrower shall ensure that the
following are Year 2000 Compliant in a timely manner, but in no event later than
December 31, 1999: (a) the Borrower; and (b) any other major Real Properties and
entities in which the Borrower holds a controlling interest. As used in this
paragraph, "major" shall mean properties or entities the failure of which to be
Year 2000 Compliant would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Borrower. The
term "YEAR 2000 COMPLIANT" shall mean, in regard to any Real Property or entity,
that all software, hardware, equipment, goods or systems utilized by or material
to the physical operations, business operations, or financial reporting of such
Real Property or entity (collectively, the "systems") will properly perform date
sensitive functions, the failure of which would cause a Material Adverse Effect
on the Borrower before, during and after the year 2000. In furtherance of this
covenant, the Borrower shall, in addition to any other necessary actions,
perform a comprehensive review and assessment of all material systems of the
Borrower, and shall adopt a plan for the testing, remediation, and monitoring of
such systems. The Borrower shall, within thirty business days of the Agent's
written request, provide to the Agent such certifications or other evidence of
the Borrower's compliance with the terms of this paragraph as the Agent may from
time to time reasonably require.


                                          67
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE 7.

                   NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER PARTIES

            So long as any portion of the Commitments shall be in effect and
until all Obligations are paid in full:


      SECTION 7.1.  UNSECURED DEBT AND CLAIMS.  

            7.1.1. The Borrower Parties shall not, and shall not permit any
other Consolidated Entity to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume,
guarantee, or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, any Unsecured
Funded Debt, except (a) the Obligations, (b) trade accounts payable and accruals
incurred in the ordinary course of business, guaranties and deferred purchase
obligations related to acquisitions and deferred acquisition costs and (c)
Permitted Subordinated Debentures.

            7.1.2. The Borrower Parties shall not, and shall not permit any
other Consolidated Entity to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume,
guarantee, or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, any unsecured
Debt, liabilities or claims (excluding (a) Unsecured Funded Debt and (b) Debt of
Unconsolidated Joint Ventures that constitutes Non-Recourse Debt) if, as a
result, the sum of (i) the amount of all such unsecured Debt, liabilities and
claims of the REIT and the Consolidated Entities, PLUS the REIT's PRO RATA share
of all unsecured Debt, liabilities and claims of the Unconsolidated Joint
Ventures (excluding Non-Recourse Debt), would exceed (ii) the sum of the amount
of all tenant and other receivables and cash and cash equivalents of the REIT
and the Consolidated Entities PLUS the REIT's PRO RATA share of tenant and other
receivables and cash and cash equivalents of the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures,
by more than 3.5% of Gross Asset Value. For purposes of this Section, the REIT's
PRO RATA share of unsecured Debt, liabilities, claims, receivables, cash or cash
equivalents of any Unconsolidated Joint Venture shall be deemed equal to the
product of (i) the unsecured Debt, liabilities, claims, receivables, cash or
cash equivalents, as applicable, of such Unconsolidated Joint Venture,
MULTIPLIED BY (ii) the percentage of the total outstanding Capital Stock of such
Person held by the REIT or any Consolidated Entity, expressed as a decimal.

      SECTION 7.2.  INVESTMENTS; ASSET MIX.  

            7.2.1. The REIT shall not at any time make or own any Investment in
any Person, or purchase, lease or own any other asset or property, except in (a)
the Borrower, (b) any Capital Stock of the Consolidated Entities (other than the
Borrower) listed in SCHEDULE 5.4. on the Closing Date, or any Capital Stock of
any Consolidated Entity (including a Bankruptcy Remote Entity) formed or
acquired after the Closing Date and added to SCHEDULE 5.4. in accordance with
Section 10.2.2., PROVIDED that such Investment in such formed or acquired
Consolidated Entity shall not exceed one percent (1%) of the Capital Stock of
such Consolidated Entity, and (c) any cash or other property that is being
distributed to the shareholders of the REIT substantially contemporaneous with
the REIT's receipt of such property from the Borrower.


                                          68
<PAGE>

            7.2.2. The Borrower shall not at any time make or own any Investment
in any Person, or purchase, lease or own any Real Property or other asset,
except that the Borrower may own or lease the following, subject to the
limitations set forth below:


         ASSET TYPE                     LIMITATION ON VALUE FOR EACH ASSET TYPE
         ----------                     ---------------------------------------

1. Wholly-Owned Retail Properties       Unlimited
   (other than Retail Property
   Under Construction)

2. Wholly-Owned Raw Land that is        5% of Gross Asset Value
   not under development and for
   which no development is planned
   to commence within 12 months
   after the date on which it was
   acquired

3. Wholly-Owned Real Property           5% of Gross Asset Value
   (other than Retail Properties,
   Retail Properties Under
   Construction or Raw Land
   referred to in clause 2.)

4. Wholly-Owned Capital Stock of        5% of Gross Asset Value, PROVIDED
   any corporation (other than any      that the Borrower may hold Capital
   Person (a "WHOLLY-OWNED ENTITY")     Stock of corporate Subsidiaries
   at least 99% of the Capital          formed to acquire one or more
   Stock of which is held of record     Retail Properties if, together
   and beneficially by the Borrower     with any other Capital Stock,
   and the balance of the Capital       holdings in such Capital Stock do
   Stock of which (if any) is held      not exceed 30% of Gross Asset Value
   of record and beneficially by
   the REIT (or any wholly-owned
   Subsidiary of the REIT))

5. Wholly-Owned Mortgage Loans;         15% of Gross Asset Value
   PROVIDED that the mortgage or
   deed of trust securing any such
   Mortgage Loan is a first
   priority mortgage or deed of
   trust


                                          69
<PAGE>

6. Wholly-Owned Capital Stock of        40% of Gross Asset Value
   Joint Ventures (other than
   corporations or Wholly-Owned
   Entities (as defined above)) of
   which the Borrower is a general
   partner and that hold primarily
   Retail Properties

7. Retail Property Under                10% of Gross Asset Value
   Construction (as measured by
   Construction-in-Process)

8. Permitted Investments                Unlimited

9. Capital Stock of Management          5% of Gross Asset Value
   Companies

            Notwithstanding the foregoing, Investments and other assets in the
foregoing categories 2 through 7 and 9 may not exceed, at any time, 50% of Gross
Asset Value. Without limitation of Section 1.2.3., all values of Investments and
other assets shall be the book values of such Investments and assets, determined
in accordance with GAAP, except as otherwise expressly provided.

      SECTION 7.3.  FINANCIAL COVENANTS.  

            7.3.1. MINIMUM TANGIBLE NET WORTH. As of the last day of any Fiscal
Quarter, Tangible Net Worth shall not be less than the sum of (a) $275,000,000,
MINUS (b) 100% of the cumulative Depreciation and Amortization Expense deducted
in determining Net Income for all fiscal quarters ending after December 31,
1997, PLUS (c) 90% of the cumulative net cash proceeds received from and the
value of assets acquired (net of Debt incurred or assumed in connection
therewith) through the issuance of Capital Stock of the REIT or the Borrower
after December 31, 1997. For purposes of clause (c), "net" means net of
underwriters' discounts, commissions and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
of issuance actually paid to any Person (other than a Macerich Group Member or
any Affiliate of any Borrower Party).

            7.3.2. MAXIMUM TOTAL LIABILITIES TO GROSS ASSET VALUE. The ratio of
Total Liabilities to Gross Asset Value shall not be more than 60% at any time,
except that, during the period from the Closing Date to and including December
31, 1998, such ratio shall not be more than 65%.

            7.3.3. MINIMUM INTEREST COVERAGE RATIO. As of the last day of any
fiscal quarter, the Interest Coverage Ratio shall not be less than 1.80.

            7.3.4. MINIMUM FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO. As of the last day of
any fiscal quarter, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall not be less than 1.60.


                                          70
<PAGE>

            7.3.5.  MINIMUM SENIOR UNSECURED INTEREST EXPENSE COVERAGE 
RATIO.  As of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the Senior Unsecured
Interest Expense Coverage Ratio shall not be less than 1.75.

            7.3.6. MAXIMUM FLOATING RATE DEBT. The sum of the following shall
not exceed $500,000,000 at any time (without duplication): (a) Floating Rate
Debt of the REIT and the Consolidated Entities, PLUS (b) the REIT's PRO RATA
share of all Floating Rate Debt of the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures that does
not otherwise constitute Debt of the REIT or any Consolidated Entity. For
purposes of the foregoing, (i) "FLOATING RATE DEBT" means any Debt interest on
which accrues at a floating rate (including any Fixed Rate), except to the
extent there is then in full force and effect an interest rate swap or "cap"
agreement that does not expire or terminate prior to the Maturity Date with
respect to such Debt that entitles the obligor under such Debt to payments from
the counterparty equal to, and payable at the same time as, the floating rate
payable on such Debt (or that portion thereof exceeding the "cap"), in return
for payments by the obligor of fixed amounts to such counterparty, and (ii) the
REIT's PRO RATA share of Floating Rate Debt of any Unconsolidated Joint Venture
shall be deemed equal to the product of (A) the Floating Rate Debt of such
Unconsolidated Joint Venture (other than Debt that is a Contingent Obligation of
any Borrower Party), MULTIPLIED BY (B) the percentage of the total outstanding
Capital Stock of such Person held by the REIT or any Consolidated Entity,
expressed as a decimal.

      SECTION 7.4. MINIMUM UNENCUMBERED POOL. The aggregate of the Unencumbered
Asset Values of all Unencumbered Assets in the Unencumbered Pool shall not, at
any time, be less than 165% of the sum of the unsecured Debt of the REIT and the
Consolidated Entities (other than the Permitted Subordinated Debentures)
outstanding at such time.

      SECTION 7.5. AGGREGATE LEASED AREA OF REAL PROPERTIES IN UNENCUMBERED
POOL. As of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio (expressed as a
percentage) of (i) the aggregate M&F Gross Leaseable Area of the Retail
Properties included in the Unencumbered Pool that is subject to a bona fide
lease pursuant to which the contractually agreed rent is being paid by the
tenant thereunder to (ii) the aggregate M&F Gross Leaseable Area of the Retail
Properties included in the Unencumbered Pool shall not be less than 85%;
PROVIDED that the M&F Gross Leaseable Area of any Retail Property included in
the Unencumbered Pool that constitutes a Retail Property Under Construction
shall be excluded from the calculation provided for in clause (i) and (ii).

      SECTION 7.6. RESTRICTION ON FUNDAMENTAL CHANGES. The REIT and the
Consolidated Entities shall not enter into any merger, consolidation or
reorganization or any sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of the
REIT and the Consolidated Entities, taken as a whole, or liquidate, wind up or
dissolve, except that:

            7.6.1. as long as no Default or Event of Default shall exist after
giving effect to such merger or consolidation, any Consolidated Entity (other
than the Borrower) may be merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower;


                                          71
<PAGE>

            7.6.2. any Person may merge or consolidate with and into the
Borrower or any other Consolidated Entity and the Borrower or any other
Consolidated Entity may merge or consolidate with and into any Person, in each
case, with the prior written approval of the Required Lenders.

      SECTION 7.7. TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES. None of the REIT, the Borrower
and the other Consolidated Entities shall, directly or indirectly, enter into
any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease, or exchange of any
property or the rendering of any service) (i) in the case of a transaction to
which the REIT is a party, with the Borrower or any Consolidated Entity or
Unconsolidated Joint Venture, and (ii) in the case of any other transaction,
with any Affiliate of the Borrower or of any Consolidated Entity (other than a
transaction with a Consolidated Entity that is not a Bankruptcy Remote Entity),
in each case unless (a) such transaction is not otherwise prohibited by this
Agreement, (b) such transaction is in the ordinary course of business and (c)
such transaction is on fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the
Borrower, Consolidated Entity or Unconsolidated Joint Venture party thereto, as
the case may be, than those terms which might be obtained at the time in a
comparable arm's length transaction with a Person who is not the REIT or such an
Affiliate or, if such transaction is not one which by its nature could be
obtained from such other Person, is on fair and reasonable terms and was
negotiated in good faith, PROVIDED that this Section 7.7. shall not restrict (a)
dividends, distributions and other payments and transfers on account of any
shares of Capital Stock of any Consolidated Entity, (b) payments pursuant to the
terms of any Contractual Obligations in effect on the date of the Existing WFB
Credit Agreement, PROVIDED that such dividends, distributions or other payments
are not otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or would result in a
Default or an Event of Default, and (c) transactions between any Unconsolidated
Joint Venture that is not controlled by the REIT or by any Consolidated Entity
and any Affiliate of such Unconsolidated Joint Venture that is not also an
Affiliate of the REIT or of any Consolidated Entity.

      SECTION 7.8. RESTRICTED PAYMENTS. The Borrower shall not, and shall not
permit the REIT or any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, declare, pay or
make, or agree to declare, pay or make, any Restricted Payment, except:

            7.8.1. dividends, distributions or payments (a) by the Borrower to
the REIT (to the extent used by the REIT for the payment of dividends
permissible under Section 7.8.2. or 7.8.3.), or (b) by any Subsidiary to the
Borrower or to a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is not a Bankruptcy Remote Entity;

            7.8.2. if no Default or Event of Default shall then exist or result
from such Restricted Payment, the REIT, the Borrower and any Subsidiary may pay
or make Restricted Payments so long as the aggregate amount of all Restricted
Payments pursuant to this Section 7.8.2. paid during the four Fiscal Quarters
immediately preceding the Fiscal Quarter in which such Restricted Payment is
proposed to be made (treated as a single accounting period), together with the
Restricted Payment proposed to be made, does not exceed 95% of the aggregate
amount of Funds From Operations for such period of four Fiscal Quarters; and


                                          72
<PAGE>

            7.8.3. if no Default or Event of Default under Section 8.1.1. shall
then exist or result from such Restricted Payment, the REIT may pay or make
Restricted Payments only in the amount necessary to enable the REIT to meet the
requirements for taxation as a real estate investment trust under the Code, but
in any event not in excess of 95% of the aggregate amount of Funds From
Operations for the four Fiscal Quarters immediately preceding the Fiscal Quarter
in which such Restricted Payment is proposed to be made (treated as a single
accounting period).

      SECTION 7.9. ERISA. No Borrower Party shall, and no Borrower Party shall
permit any current ERISA Affiliate to:

            7.9.1. engage in any Prohibited Transaction or engage in any conduct
or commit any act or suffer to exist any condition that could give rise to any
Material excise tax, penalty, interest or liability under Sections 4971, 4972,
4975, 4976, 4977, 4979, 4980 or 4980B of the Code or Sections 502(c) or 502(i)
of ERISA;

            7.9.2. permit the benefit liabilities (whether or not vested) under
all Plans (excluding all Plans with assets greater than or equal to liabilities
(whether or not vested)) to exceed the current value of the assets of such Plans
allocable to such benefits by more than $500,000;

            7.9.3.  adopt or contribute to any Plan that is a Defined
Benefit Plan;

            7.9.4. create or suffer to exist any liability with respect to Plans
that are welfare plans within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA if, after
immediately giving effect to such liability, the aggregate annualized cost with
respect to such Plans for post retirement benefits for any fiscal year would
exceed $500,000; or

            7.9.5. Allow any investment in any Borrower Party by benefit plan
investors to become significant within the meaning of Department of Labor
Regulation Section 2510.3-101(f).

      SECTION 7.10. AMENDMENTS OF CHARTER AND BYLAWS. No Borrower Party will
make any amendment of its charter, bylaws, partnership agreement or other
organizational document, as the case may be, if such amendment could have a
Material Adverse Effect or could otherwise be materially disadvantageous to the
Lender Parties.

      SECTION 7.11. PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT TO PERMITTED SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES.
The REIT will not make any payment of principal (including redemption price) of
or premium, if any, or interest on, or additional amounts or purchase price
payable with respect to the Permitted Subordinated Debentures (including any
amounts payable upon repurchase at the election of the holders of such Permitted
Subordinated Debentures upon the occurrence of a Designated Event, as such term
is defined in the Offering Circular for such Permitted Subordinated Debentures),
unless (i) no Default or Event of Default under Section 8.1.1. or 8.1.7. and
(ii) no other Event of Default, then exists or would exist giving effect to such
payment on a PRO FORMA basis. At least five Business Days prior to making any
such payment (other than a payment of interest) with 


                                          73
<PAGE>

respect to the Permitted Subordinated Debentures (including any such payment
upon the occurrence of a Designated Event, as so defined), the REIT shall notify
the Agent and the Lenders of such payment, which notice shall be accompanied by
a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-4 demonstrating that such
payment will be permissible under this Section 7.11..

      SECTION 7.12. ACQUISITIONS OF REAL PROPERTIES. Neither the Borrower nor
any Consolidated Entity shall purchase any Real Property in a single transaction
or series of related transactions the gross purchase price of which exceeds 25%
of the Gross Asset Value without the prior written approval of the Required
Lenders.


                                   ARTICLE 8.

                                EVENTS OF DEFAULT

      SECTION 8.1. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. The occurrence of any one or more of the
following events, acts or occurrences shall constitute an event of default (an
"EVENT OF DEFAULT"):

            8.1.1. FAILURE TO MAKE PAYMENTS. The Borrower (i) shall fail to pay
when due any principal (whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration, upon
required prepayment or otherwise) of any Advance or (ii) shall fail to pay
interest on any Advance or any other amount payable under the Loan Documents
within three Business Days of the date when due; or

            8.1.2. DEFAULT IN OTHER DEBT. The REIT or any Consolidated Entity
shall (a) default in the payment (whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration,
upon required prepayment or otherwise), beyond any period of grace provided
therefor, of any principal of or interest on any Non-Recourse Secured Debt with
a principal amount in excess of $20,000,000 or any other Debt with a principal
amount in excess of $1,000,000 or (b) be in default, breach or violation, beyond
any period of grace or notice provided therefor, of any other agreement,
covenant, representation, warranty or obligation under any Non-Recourse Secured
Debt with a principal amount in excess of $20,000,000 or any other Debt with a
principal amount in excess of $1,000,000 and as a result of such default, breach
or violation the holder or holders of such Debt (or a Person on behalf of such
holder or holders) shall cause such Debt to become or be declared due and
payable prior to its stated maturity, PROVIDED that the foregoing shall not
apply to Non-Recourse Debt of Unconsolidated Joint Ventures; or

            8.1.3. BREACH OF CERTAIN NONFINANCIAL COVENANTS. The Borrower shall
fail to perform, comply with or observe any agreement, covenant or obligation
under Section 2.3., 6.1.4., 6.3. (insofar as such Section requires the
preservation of the corporate existence of any Borrower Party), 6.8., 6.9.,
7.6., 7.7., 7.8., 7.10., 7.11. or 7.12.; or

            8.1.4. BREACH OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL COVENANTS. The Borrower shall
fail to comply with or observe any agreement, covenant or obligation under
Section 7.1., 7.2., 7.3., 7.4. or 7.5. and such failure shall not have been
remedied within 30 days after written notice thereof 


                                          74
<PAGE>

from the Agent or any Lender; or

            8.1.5. BREACH OF WARRANTY. Any representation or warranty or
certification made or furnished by any Borrower Party under this Agreement or
the other Loan Documents or any agreement, instrument or document contemplated
hereby and thereby shall prove to have been false or incorrect in any material
respect when made (or deemed made); or

            8.1.6. OTHER DEFAULTS UNDER AGREEMENT AND OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. Any
Borrower Party shall fail to perform, comply with or observe any agreement,
covenant or obligation to be performed, observed or complied with by it under
this Agreement (other than those provisions referred to in Section 8.1.3. or
8.1.4. above) or under the other Loan Documents (other than a Letter of Credit
Agreement) and such failure shall not have been remedied within 60 days after
written notice thereof from the Agent or any Lender, or there shall occur any
"Event of Default" (as defined in the Letter of Credit Agreement); or

            8.1.7. INVOLUNTARY BANKRUPTCY; APPOINTMENT OF RECEIVER, ETC. There
shall be commenced against any Borrower Party or any Consolidated Entity an
involuntary case seeking the liquidation or reorganization of any such Borrower
Party or Consolidated Entity under Chapter 7 or Chapter 11, respectively, of the
Bankruptcy Code or any similar proceeding under any other Applicable Law or an
involuntary case or proceeding seeking the appointment of a receiver,
liquidator, sequestrator, custodian, trustee or other officer having similar
powers of any such Borrower Party or Consolidated Entity or to take possession
of all or a substantial portion of its property or to operate all or a
substantial portion of its business, and any of the following events occur: (i)
any such Borrower Party or Consolidated Entity consents to the institution of
the involuntary case or proceeding; (ii) the petition commencing the involuntary
case or proceeding is not timely controverted; (iii) the petition commencing the
involuntary case or proceeding remains undismissed and unstayed for a period of
60 days (PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that, during the pendency of such period, the
Lenders shall be relieved of the Commitments); or (iv) an order for relief shall
have been issued or entered therein; or

            8.1.8. VOLUNTARY BANKRUPTCY; APPOINTMENT OF RECEIVER, ETC. Any
Borrower Party or any Consolidated Entity shall institute a voluntary case
seeking liquidation or reorganization under Chapter 7 or Chapter 11,
respectively, of the Bankruptcy Code or any similar proceeding under any other
Applicable Law, or shall consent thereto; or shall consent to the conversion of
an involuntary case to a voluntary case; or shall file a petition, answer a
complaint or otherwise institute any proceeding seeking, or shall consent or
acquiesce to the appointment of, a receiver, liquidator, sequestrator,
custodian, trustee or other officer with similar powers of it or to take
possession of all or a substantial portion of its property or to operate all or
a substantial portion of its business; or shall make a general assignment for
the benefit of creditors; or shall generally not pay its debts as they become
due; or the Board of Directors (or respective governing body) of any Borrower
Party or Consolidated Entity (or any committee thereof) adopts any resolution or
otherwise authorizes action to approve any of the foregoing; or


                                          75
<PAGE>

            8.1.9. JUDGMENTS AND ATTACHMENTS. Any Borrower Party or any
Consolidated Entity shall suffer any money judgments, writs or warrants of
attachment or similar processes which individually or in the aggregate involve
an amount or value in excess of $1,000,000 and such judgments, writs, warrants
or other orders shall continue unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 10 days
unless the amount of such judgments, writs, warrants or attachments are fully
covered by insurance (other than deductibles substantially the same as those in
effect on the Closing Date and provided that any deductible in excess of
$100,000 is supported by a bond or letter of credit in at least the amount by
which such deductible exceeds $100,000) and the insurer has in writing accepted
liability therefor; or a judgment creditor shall obtain possession of any
material portion of the assets of the REIT or any Consolidated Entity by any
means, including, without limitation, levy, distraint, replevin or self-help; or

            8.1.10.  ERISA LIABILITIES.  Any violation of Section 7.9.3.
or 7.9.5. shall occur; or

            8.1.11. CHANGE OF CONTROL OR MANAGEMENT. The Principal Investors no
longer control, directly or indirectly, at least 10% of the Capital Stock of the
Borrower (which percentage shall be subject to adjustment to give effect to any
dilution of such holdings by virtue of the issuance of any Capital Stock of the
Borrower or the REIT after the Closing Date or Arthur Coppola and either of
Edward Coppola or Thomas E. O'Hern are no longer Senior Officers of the REIT and
the Borrower; or

            8.1.12.  GENERAL PARTNER.  The REIT shall cease to be the
general partner of the Borrower; or

            8.1.13. INVALIDITY OF GUARANTY OR SUBORDINATION. The Guaranty or the
subordination provisions of Section 6.9. shall for any reason be revoked or
invalidated, or otherwise cease to be in full force and effect, or any Guarantor
or Subordinated Creditor shall contest in any manner the validity or
enforceability thereof or deny that it has any further liability or obligation
thereunder; or

            8.1.14.  CHANGE OF TAX STATUS.  

                  8.1.14.1. The REIT shall either determine in good faith or
receive written notice from the relevant taxing authority that the REIT does not
conform or no longer conforms to the requirements for qualification as a real
estate investment trust under the Code (except as a result of the enactment of
any Applicable Law with which the REIT cannot or has determined in good faith
not to comply); or

                  8.1.14.2. The Borrower or any Guarantor shall either determine
in good faith or receive written notice from the relevant taxing authority that
the Borrower or any Guarantor does not conform or no longer conforms to the
requirements for qualification as a partnership under the Code.

      SECTION 8.2.  REMEDIES.  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default:


                                          76
<PAGE>

            8.2.1. If an Event of Default occurs under Section 8.1.7. or 8.1.8.,
then the Commitments and all pending Competitive Bids (whether or not accepted)
shall automatically and immediately terminate, and the obligation of the Lenders
to make any Advances and of the Agent Bank to issue any Letter of Credit
hereunder shall cease, and the unpaid principal amount of and any accrued
interest on all Advances shall automatically become immediately due and payable,
without presentment, demand, protest, notice or other requirements of any kind,
all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower.

            8.2.2. If an Event of Default occurs under Section 8.1. hereof,
other than under Section 8.1.7. or 8.1.8., (a) the Agent shall, at the request
of the Required Lenders, by written notice to the Borrower, declare that the
Commitments and all pending Competitive Bids (whether or not accepted) shall be
terminated on the date that is 60 days after the date of such notice or on such
earlier date as may be determined by the Required Lenders, whereupon the
obligation of the Lenders to make any Advance and of the Agent Bank to issue any
Letter of Credit hereunder shall cease on such day, and/or (b) the Agent shall,
at the request of the Required Lenders, by written notice to the Borrower,
declare the unpaid principal amount of all Advances together with any and all
accrued interest thereon to be, and the same shall become, due and payable on
the date that is 60 days after the date of such notice or on such earlier date
as may be determined by the Required Lenders, without presentment, demand,
protest, any additional notice whatsoever or other requirements of any kind, all
of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower.

      SECTION 8.3. RESCISSION. At any time after the Advances shall have been
declared due and payable pursuant to Section 8.2.2. or a demand shall have been
made pursuant to Section 8.4, the Required Lenders, by written notice by the
Agent to the Borrower, may rescind and annul any such declaration or demand and
its consequences, PROVIDED the Required Lenders hold 66-2/3% of the outstanding
Advances. No rescission and annulment under this Section 8.3. will extend to or
affect any subsequent Event of Default or Default or impair any right consequent
thereon.

            SECTION 8.4.  ACTIONS IN RESPECT OF LETTERS OF CREDIT.  

            8.4.1. LETTER OF CREDIT COLLATERAL ACCOUNT. If, at any time and from
time to time, any Letter of Credit shall have been issued hereunder and an Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then, upon the occurrence and
during the continuation thereof, the Agent shall at the request of the Required
Lenders, whether in addition to the taking by the Agent of any of the actions
described in this Article 8 or otherwise, make a demand upon the Borrower to,
and forthwith upon such demand (but in any event within ten days after such
demand) the Borrower shall, (i) pay to the Agent, on behalf of the Lender
Parties, in same day funds at the Agent's office designated in such demand, for
deposit in a special interest-bearing cash collateral account (the "LETTER OF
CREDIT COLLATERAL ACCOUNT") to be maintained in the name of "The Macerich
Partnership, L.P., who executed a Security Agreement Rights to Payment in favor
of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Agent for the Lender Parties" and
under the Agent's sole dominion and control at such place as shall be designated
by the Agent, an amount equal to 



                                          77
<PAGE>

the amount of the Letter of Credit Liability under the Letters of Credit, and
(ii) execute and deliver to the Agent all such documents, instruments and/or
certificates as the Agent shall reasonably request in order to perfect, and
maintain a perfected security interest in, the Letter of Credit Collateral
(including, without limitation, a Security Agreement Rights to Payment, Uniform
Commercial Code financing statements and any notice required to perfect the
Agent's security interest in the Letter of Credit). The Borrower authorizes and
empowers the Agent, as its attorney-in-fact, and as its agent, irrevocably, with
full power of substitution for it and in its name, following the occurrence of
an Event of Default, to give any authorization, to furnish any information, to
make any demands, to execute and/or deliver any documents, instruments and/or
certificates (including, without limitation, a Security Agreement Rights to
Payment, Uniform Commercial Code financing statements and notices required to
perfect the Agent's security interest in the Letter of Credit Collateral) and to
take any and all other action on behalf of and in the name of the Borrower which
in the opinion of the Agent may be necessary or appropriate to be given,
furnished, made, exercised or taken to perfect or maintain the perfection of the
Agent's security interest in the Letter of Credit Collateral. This
power-of-attorney is irrevocable and coupled with an interest, and any similar
or dissimilar powers heretofore given by the Borrower in respect of the Letter
of Credit Collateral to any other Person are hereby revoked.  


            8.4.2. PLEDGE OF LETTER OF CREDIT COLLATERAL. The Borrower hereby
pledges, assigns and grants to the Agent, as collateral agent for its benefit
and the ratable benefit of the other Lender Parties a lien on and a security
interest in, the following collateral (the "LETTER OF CREDIT COLLATERAL"):

                  8.4.2.1. the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, all cash
deposited therein and all certificates and instruments, if any, from time to
time representing or evidencing the Letter of Credit Collateral Account;

                  8.4.2.1. all notes, certificates of deposit and other
instruments from time to time hereafter delivered to or otherwise possessed by
the Agent for or on behalf of the Borrower in substitution for or in respect of
any or all of the then existing Letter of Credit Collateral;

                  8.4.2.1. all interest, dividends, cash, instruments and other
property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in
respect of or in exchange for any or all of the then existing Letter of Credit
Collateral; and

                  8.4.2.1.   to the extent not covered by the above
clauses, all proceeds of any or all of the foregoing Letter of Credit
Collateral.

            The lien and security interest granted hereby secures the payment of
all Obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing hereunder and under
any Loan Documents.

            8.4.3. APPLICATION OF FUNDS IN LETTER OF CREDIT COLLATERAL ACCOUNT.
The Borrower hereby authorizes the Agent for the ratable benefit of the Lenders
to apply, from time to time 


                                          78
<PAGE>

after funds are deposited in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, funds then
held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account to the payment of any amounts,
in such order as the Agent may elect, as shall have become due and payable by
the Borrower to the Lender Parties in respect of the Letters of Credit.

            8.4.4. LIMITATION ON THE BORROWER'S RIGHTS. Neither the Borrower nor
any Person claiming or acting on behalf of or through the Borrower shall have
any right to withdraw any of the funds held in the Letter of Credit Collateral
Account, except as provided in Section 8.4.8 hereof.

            8.4.5. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. The Borrower agrees that it will not (i)
sell or otherwise dispose of any interest in the Letter of Credit Collateral or
(ii) create or permit to exist any lien, security interest or other charge or
encumbrance upon or with respect to any of the Letter of Credit Collateral,
except for the security interest created by this Section 8.4.

            8.4.6. RIGHTS OF AGENT ON EVENT OF DEFAULT. If any Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing:

                  8.4.6.1. The Agent may, in its sole discretion, without notice
to the Borrower except as required by law and at any time from time to time,
charge, set off or otherwise apply all or any part of FIRST, (x) amounts
previously drawn on any Letter of Credit that have not been reimbursed by the
Borrower and (y) any Letter of Credit Liability that is then due and payable,
and SECOND, any other unpaid Obligations then due and payable against the Letter
of Credit Collateral Account or any part thereof, in accordance with Section
2.10.5. The rights of the Agent under this Section 8.4 are in addition to any
rights and remedies which any Lender may have.

                  8.4.6.2. The Agent may also exercise, in its sole discretion,
in respect of the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, in addition to the other
rights and remedies provided herein or otherwise available to it, all the rights
and remedies of a secured party upon default under the Uniform Commercial Code
in effect in the State of California at that time.

            8.4.7. STANDARD OF CARE. The Agent shall be deemed to have exercised
reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Letter of Credit
Collateral if the Letter of Credit Collateral is accorded treatment
substantially equal to that which the Agent accords its own property, it being
understood that, assuming such treatment, the Agent shall not have any
responsibility or liability with respect thereto.

            8.4.8. CURE. At such time as all Events of Default have been cured
or waived in writing, all amounts remaining in the Letter of Credit Collateral
Account shall be promptly returned to the Borrower. Absent such cure or written
waiver, any surplus of the funds held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account
and remaining after payment in full of all of the Obligations of the Borrower
hereunder and under any other Loan Document after the Maturity Date shall be
paid to the Borrower or to whomsoever may be lawfully entitled to receive such
surplus.


                                          79
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE 9.

                            THE AGENT AND THE LENDERS

      SECTION 9.1.  AUTHORIZATION AND ACTION.  

            9.1.1. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the
Agent Bank to act as its agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, to
execute and deliver or accept, on its behalf, the other Loan Documents and any
other documents, instruments and agreements related thereto or hereto to take
such action on its behalf under the provisions hereof and thereof and to
exercise such rights, remedies, powers and privileges hereunder and thereunder
as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with
such rights, remedies, powers and privileges as are reasonably incidental
thereto.

            9.1.2. Except for any matters expressly subject to the consent or
approval of the Agent under the Loan Documents, the Agent shall not, without the
prior approval of the Required Lenders (or, as provided in Section 10.2., all of
the Lenders), waive any default or otherwise amend this Agreement or any other
Loan Documents. The Agent will, to the extent practicable under the
circumstances, consult with the other Lender Parties prior to taking action on
their behalf under the Loan Documents and in acting as their Agent thereunder.
The Agent will not take any action contrary to the written direction of Required
Lenders, will take any lawful action not contrary to the provisions of the Loan
Documents prescribed in written instructions of the Required Lenders (or, as
provided in Section 10.2., all the Lenders) and, as to any matters not expressly
provided for by the Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), may
decline to take any action, except upon the written instructions of the Required
Lenders (or, as provided in Section 10.2., all the Lenders). If such
instructions are requested reasonably promptly, the Agent shall be absolutely
entitled to refrain from taking any action and shall not have any liability to
any Borrower Party or any Lender for refraining from taking any action until it
shall have received such instructions; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Agent shall
in no event be required to take or refrain from taking any action that would, in
the Agent's opinion, be inconsistent with the Agent's practice in similar
situations when acting solely for its own account or be contrary to the
provisions of any Loan Document or Applicable Law.

            9.1.3. The Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities
except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. The Agent shall not be
required to exercise any right, power, remedy or privilege granted to it in any
Loan Document, to ascertain or inquire whether any Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, or to inspect the property (including the books
and records) of any Borrower Party or to take any other affirmative action,
except as provided in Sections 8.2. and 8.4, or unless requested or directed to
do so in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.1.2.

            9.1.4. The duties of the Agent shall be mechanical and
administrative in nature. The Agent shall not have by reason of this Agreement a
fiduciary relationship in respect of any other Lender Party. Except for notices,
reports and other documents and information expressly 


                                          80
<PAGE>

required to be furnished by the Agent for the Lender Parties hereunder, the
Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender Party with
any credit or other information concerning the affairs, financial condition or
business of any Borrower Party that may come into the possession of the Agent or
any of its Affiliates.

      SECTION 9.2. EXCULPATION; AGENT'S RELIANCE; ETC. Neither the Agent nor any
of its directors, officers, agents, attorneys or employees shall be liable to
any Borrower Party or any other Lender Party for any action taken or omitted to
be taken by it or them under or in connection with any Loan Document (a) with
the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or, as provided in
Section 10.2., all the Lenders), or (b) in any other circumstances, except for
its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Agent makes no warranty or
representation to any other Lender Party and shall not be responsible to any
other Lender Party for any recitals, statements, warranties or representations
made in, or in connection with, any Loan Document or for the execution,
effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, collectibility, or
sufficiency of any Loan Document or any financial information, opinions of
counsel or other documents executed and delivered pursuant thereto, or for the
financial condition of any Borrower Party. The Agent shall not be responsible to
any Lender for the satisfaction of any condition specified in Article 4., except
receipt of items required to be delivered to the Agent. The Agent may treat the
payee of any Note as the holder thereof until the Agent receives the related
Assignment and Acceptance signed by such holder and the assignee and in form
satisfactory to the Agent. The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any notice,
certificate or other writing believed by the Agent to be genuine and correct and
to have been signed or sent by the proper Person or Persons. The Agent shall be
entitled to consult with legal counsel, independent public accountants and other
experts selected by the Agent and to act in reliance upon the advice of such
counsel and other experts concerning its actions and duties hereunder.

      SECTION 9.3. AGENT AND AFFILIATES. In its capacity as a Lender and issuer
of Letters of Credit, the Agent Bank shall have the same rights, powers and
obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as any other
Lender and may exercise or refrain from exercising the same as though it were
not the Agent or such issuer, including the right to give or deny consent to any
action requiring consent or direction of the Required Lenders or all the
Lenders. The Agent Bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money
to, act as trustee under indentures of, and generally engage in any kind of
business with, any Borrower Party, any Subsidiary of a Borrower Party and any
Affiliate of any Borrower Party, all as if the Agent were not the Agent and
without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. The Agent Bank shall be
entitled to receive from the Borrower its fees or portions thereof in connection
with this transaction without any liability to account therefor to any other
Lender, except as the Agent Bank may have expressly agreed.

      SECTION 9.4. LENDER CREDIT DECISION. Each Lender Party acknowledges that
it has, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender
Party and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate,
made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each
Lender Party also acknowledges that it will, 


                                          81
<PAGE>

independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender Party and
based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the
time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action
under the Loan Documents.

      SECTION 9.5. INDEMNIFICATION. The Agent shall in no event be required to
take any action under the Loan Documents or in relation thereto unless it shall
first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the other Lender Parties against any
and all liability and expense that it may incur by reason of taking any such
action. Each Lender agrees to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless (to the
extent not promptly paid or reimbursed by the Borrower), ratably according to
their respective Commitments, from and against any and all (a) costs, expenses
and other amounts incurred by the Agent otherwise payable by the Borrower
pursuant to Section 10.1. and (b) Indemnified Liabilities that may be imposed
on, incurred by, or asserted against the Agent, except to the extent they are
finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to have directly resulted
from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Agent. Without limitation
of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the Agent promptly upon demand
for its ratable share of any out-of-pocket expenses (including outside counsel
fees) incurred by the Agent in connection with the preparation, execution,
delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether
through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in
respect of rights or responsibilities under, the Loan Documents, to the extent
that the Agent is not promptly reimbursed for such expenses by the Borrower.

      SECTION 9.6. SUCCESSOR AGENT. The Agent may resign at any time as Agent
under the Loan Documents by giving not less than 30-days' written notice thereof
to the Lenders and the Borrower and the Agent may be removed at any time with
cause by written action of all Lenders (other than the Agent) delivered to the
Agent. Upon any such resignation or removal, the Required Lenders shall have the
right to appoint a successor Agent. If no successor Agent shall have been so
appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment,
within 30 days after the retiring Agent's notice of resignation or the removal
of the Agent, then the retiring or removed Agent may, on behalf of the other
Lender Parties, appoint a successor Agent, which shall be a financial
institution having a combined capital and surplus of at least $100,000,000, or a
branch or agency of such a financial institution, organized or licensed to do
business under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof,
and which shall have a minimum rating of "Baa-2" by Moody's and a minimum
long-term debt rating of "BBB" by S&P. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as
the Agent by a successor Agent, such successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to
and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the
retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged of its duties and
obligations under the Loan Documents. Upon any retiring Agent's resignation or
removal, the provisions of this Article 9. (as well as other expense
reimbursement, indemnification and exculpatory provisions in the other Loan
Documents) shall continue in effect for its benefit as to any actions taken or
omitted by it while it was Agent.

      SECTION 9.7. EXCESS PAYMENTS. If any Lender shall obtain any payment or
other recovery (whether voluntary, involuntary, by application of setoff or
otherwise) on account of any Obligations in excess of its PRO RATA share of
payments and other recoveries on account of 


                                          82
<PAGE>

such Obligations obtained by all Lenders, such Lender shall purchase from the
other Lenders such participations in such Obligations held by them as shall be
necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment or other
recovery ratably with each of the other Lenders; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if all
or any portion of the excess payment or other recovery is thereafter recovered
from such purchasing Lender, the purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase
price restored to such Lender to the extent of such recovery, but without
interest. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from
another Lender pursuant to this Section 9.7. may, to the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, exercise all of its rights of payment (including
setoff) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the
direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.

      SECTION 9.8. LENDER PARTIES. The provisions of this Article 9. are solely
for the benefit of the Agent and the other Lender Parties, and the Borrower
shall not have any rights to rely on or enforce any of the provisions hereof
(except that the provisions of Sections 9.6. are also for the benefit of the
Borrower). In performing its functions and duties under the Loan Documents, the
Agent shall act solely as agent of the Lenders and does not assume and shall not
be deemed to have assumed any obligation toward or relationship of agency or
trust with or for the Borrower.

      SECTION 9.9. DEFAULT BY THE BORROWER; ACCELERATION. The Agent will send to
each Lender copies of any notices of a Default or an Event of Default sent by
the Agent to the Borrower under the terms of the Loan Documents concurrently
with sending the same to the Borrower. In the event of any Default or Event of
Default of which the Agent has actual knowledge, the Agent shall (as soon as is
practicable under the circumstances) consult with the Lenders in an effort to
determine a mutually acceptable course of action with respect to the Default or
Event of Default. The Agent may deliver to the Lenders a written recommendation
of a course of action (the "recommended course of action"), in which case each
Lender shall either approve such action in writing or object in writing to such
action within thirty (30) days (or such lesser period as specified in the notice
from the Agent) following such notice. Failure to deliver a written objection
within thirty (30) days (or such lesser period which will not be less than five
(5) business days) will be deemed to constitute an approval. The Agent may take
the recommended course of action if consented or approved as provided above by
the Required Lenders (or, as provided in Section 10.2., all Lenders), PROVIDED
that no rights shall be released without the consent of all Lenders. In
furtherance of the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, each Lender hereby appoints and constitutes the Agent its agent with
full power and authority to exercise in the name of, and on behalf of each
Lender, any and all rights and remedies which each Lender may have with respect
to, and to the extent necessary under Applicable Law for, the enforcement of the
Loan Documents, or which the Agent may have as a matter of law. It is understood
and agreed that in the event the Agent determines it is necessary to engage
counsel for the Lenders from and after the occurrence of an Event of Default,
said counsel shall be selected by the Agent and written notice of the same shall
be delivered to the Lenders.

      SECTION 9.10.  PAYMENTS; AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS; CERTAIN NOTICES.


                                          83
<PAGE>

            9.10.1. If the Agent shall fail to deliver to any other Lender Party
its share of any payment received from the Borrower as and when required by
Section 2.9., the Agent shall pay to such Lender its share of such payment
together with interest on such amount at the Federal Funds Rate, for each day
from the date such amount was required to be paid to such Lender until the date
the Agent pays such amount to such Lender, calculated as set forth in Section
2.4.4.

            9.10.2. Unless (a) the Agent shall have been notified by a Lender
prior to the date upon which an Advance is to be made pursuant to Section 2.1.
or (b) the Agent shall have been notified by the Borrower prior to the date on
which the Borrower is required to make any payment hereunder, that such Lender
or the Borrower, as the case may be (the "OBLIGATED PARTY"), does not intend to
make available to the Agent the Obligated Party's portion of such Advance or
such payment, the Agent may assume that the Obligated Party will make such
amount available to the Agent on such date and the Agent may, in reliance upon
such assumption (but shall not be required to), make available to the Borrower
(in the case of an Advance) or the Lenders (in the case of a payment by the
Borrower) a corresponding amount. If such corresponding amount is not in fact
made available to the Agent by the Obligated Party, the Agent shall be entitled
to recover such amount on demand from the Obligated Party (or, in the case of an
Advance, if the Lender that is the Obligated Party fails to pay such amount
forthwith upon such demand, from the Borrower). Such amount shall be payable
together with interest thereon from the day on which such corresponding amount
was made available by the Agent to the Lender or the Borrower, as applicable, to
the date of payment by the Obligated Party (or the Borrower, as applicable), at
a rate of interest equal to (i) in the case of any payment by any other Lender
Party, the Federal Funds Rate, and (ii) in the case of any payment by the
Borrower, the interest rate applicable to the Advance. In addition, no Lender
that fails to make any such payment or otherwise fails to perform any of its
obligations hereunder within the time frame specified for payment or performance
or, if no time frame is specified, if such failure continues for five Business
Days after notice from the Agent (each a "DEFAULTING LENDER") shall have the
right to vote on, or be considered to be a "Lender" with respect to, any matter
for which a vote of the Required Lenders or all or any Lenders is required or
may be taken under this Agreement during any period commencing on the date upon
which such Lender Party is required to make such payment or render such
performance through the date upon which such payment, together with the interest
thereon at the Federal Funds Rate, is made or such performance is rendered.
Furthermore, (a) until such time as a Defaulting Lender has funded its PRO RATA
share of a Borrowing or a participation in a Letter of Credit or has funded the
Bid Advance with respect to any Competitive Bid that has been accepted by the
Borrower, or until all other Lender Parties have received payment in full
(whether by repayment or prepayment) of all their Advances included in such
Borrowing or used to fund such participation, and all interest and Fees due in
respect thereof (collectively, the "SENIOR OBLIGATIONS"), (i) all of the
Obligations (including principal, interest and Fees) owing to such Defaulting
Lender hereunder shall be subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment
in full of all Senior Obligations, and (ii) all amounts paid by any Borrower
Party or otherwise due to be applied to the Obligations owing to the Defaulting
Lender pursuant to the terms hereof (x) if due with respect to Committed
Advances, shall be distributed by the Agent to the other Lender Parties in
accordance with their respective PRO RATA shares (recalculated for purposes
hereof to exclude the Defaulting Lender's Commitment) and 


                                          84
<PAGE>


(y) if due with respect to any Bid Advance, shall be distributed by the Agent to
the other Lender Parties who have Bid Advances then due and payable in
accordance with their respective PRO RATA shares (based on the ratio of the
aggregate amount due to each such other Lender Party to the aggregate amount
then due and payable to all Lender Parties, but calculated for purposes hereof
to exclude amounts due to the Defaulting Lender with respect to Bid Advances),
until all Senior Obligations have been paid in full. This provision governs only
the relationship among the Agent, each Defaulting Lender, and the other Lender
Parties; nothing hereunder shall limit the obligation of any Borrower Party to
repay all Advances and other Obligations in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Agent shall be entitled to (1)
withhold or set off and to apply to the payment of the defaulted amount and any
related interest any amounts to paid to such Defaulting Lender under this
Agreement and (2) bring an action or suit against such Defaulting Lender in a
court of competent jurisdiction to recover the defaulted amount and any related
interest. The provisions of this section shall apply and be effective regardless
of whether an Event of Default occurs and is then continuing, and
notwithstanding (i) any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, (ii)
any instruction of any Borrower Party as to its desired application of payments
or (iii) the suspension of such Defaulting Lender's right to vote on matters
which are subject to the consent or approval of Required Lenders or all or any
Lenders. In addition, the Defaulting Lender shall indemnify, defend and hold the
Agent and each of the other Lender Parties harmless from and against any and all
liabilities, cost and expenses, plus interest thereon at the Post-Default Rate,
which they may sustain or incur by reason of or as a direct consequence of the
Defaulting Lender's failure or refusal to abide by its obligations under this
Agreement.

            9.10.3. The Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders by telex or
telecopy (or telephone, in the case of notice contemplated by Section 2.4.) of
each interest period chosen by the Borrower, the LIBO Rate for each interest
period (and the relevant interest rate), the date of any expected payment and
all other material notices transmitted by the Borrower.

      SECTION 9.11.  OBLIGATIONS OF LENDER PARTIES SEVERAL; ENFORCEMENT BY 
THE AGENT.  

            9.11.1. Each Lender Party's obligations hereunder are several, and
not joint or joint and several. The failure of any Lender Party to make any
Advance or otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder will not increase the
obligations of any other Lender Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Lender
may assume, but shall have no obligation to any Person to assume, any
non-performing Lender's obligation to make an Advance. Nothing contained in this
Agreement and no action taken by the Agent or any other Lender Party pursuant to
this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute the Agent and any other Lender
Party to be a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of
entity.

            9.11.2. Each Lender agrees that, except with the prior written
consent of the Agent, no Lender Party shall have any right individually to
enforce any Loan Document or any provision thereof, or make demand thereunder,
it being agreed that such rights and remedies may only be exercised by the Agent
for the ratable benefit of the Lenders upon the terms of this Agreement.


                                          85
<PAGE>

      SECTION 9.12. REPLY OF LENDERS. Each Lender shall promptly reply to any
communication from the Agent to the Lenders requesting the Lenders'
determination, consent, approval or disapproval under this Agreement, but in any
event no later than ten Business Days (or such other period as may be required
under this Agreement to respond) after receipt of the request therefor by the
Agent for those matters requiring the consent of the Lenders. Except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, including Section 9.9., if any Lender
fails to reply within the applicable time periods, such Lender shall be deemed
to have given its consent or approval to the action or actions recommended by
the Agent with respect to the matter for which the Agent requested such Lender's
determination, consent, approval or disapproval.

                                   ARTICLE 10.

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

      SECTION 10.1.  EXPENSES; INDEMNITY.  The Borrower shall pay on demand:

            10.1.1. any and all reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements
(including allocated costs of in-house counsel) and out-of-pocket cost and
expenses incurred by the Agent in connection with the development, drafting and
negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the administration
hereof and thereof (including any amendments), the closing of the transactions
contemplated thereby and the syndication of the credit facilities hereunder; and

            10.1.2. all costs and expenses (including fees and disbursements of
in-house and other attorneys, appraisers and consultants) of the Lender Parties
in any workout, restructuring or similar arrangements or, after a Default, in
connection with the protection, preservation, exercise or enforcement of any of
the terms of the Loan Documents or in connection with any foreclosure,
collection or bankruptcy proceedings.

            10.1.3. The Borrower shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each
Lender Party and the officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys,
affiliates, successors and assigns of each Lender Party (collectively, the
"INDEMNITEES") from and against (a) any and all transfer taxes, documentary
taxes, assessments or charges made by any Governmental Authority by reason of
the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents or the making of the Advances
or the issuance of any Letter of Credit, and (b) any and all liabilities,
losses, damages, penalties, judgments, claims, costs and expenses of any kind or
nature whatsoever (including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements in
connection with any actual or threatened investigative, administrative or
judicial proceeding, whether or not such Indemnitee shall be designated a party
thereto) that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such
Indemnitee, in any manner relating to or arising out of the Loan Documents, the
Advances, Letters of Credit, the use or intended use of the proceeds of the
Advances or Letters of Credit (including the failure of the Agent Bank to honor
a drawing as a result of any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of
any Governmental Authority) (the "INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES"); PROVIDED that (i)
no Indemnitee shall have the right to be indemnified or held harmless hereunder
for its own gross negligence or 


                                          86
<PAGE>

willful misconduct, as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction, and (ii) Indemnified Liabilities shall include amounts
attributable to the passive or active negligence of any Lender Party.

            10.1.4. To the extent that the undertaking to indemnify and hold
harmless set forth in Section 10.1.3. may be unenforceable because it is
violative of any Applicable Law or public policy, the Borrower shall make the
maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified
Liabilities that is permissible under Applicable Law. All Indemnified
Liabilities shall be payable on demand.

      SECTION 10.2.  WAIVERS; MODIFICATIONS IN WRITING.  

            10.2.1. No amendment of any provision of this Agreement or any other
Loan Document (including a waiver thereof or consent relating thereto) shall be
effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Agent and the
Required Lenders. Notwithstanding the foregoing,

                  10.2.1.1. no amendment that has the effect of (a) reducing the
rate or amount, or extending the stated maturity or due date, of any amount
payable by the Borrower to any Lender Party under the Loan Documents, (b)
increasing the amount, or extending the stated termination or reduction date, of
any Lender's Commitment hereunder or subjecting any Lender Party to any
additional obligation to extend credit, (c) altering the rights and obligations
of the Borrower to prepay the Advances, (d) releasing any Borrower Party under
the Guaranty, (e) changing this Section 10.2. or the definition of the term
"Required Lenders," (f) amending the definitions of "Gross Asset Value,"
"Unencumbered Asset Value" or "Unencumbered Asset," or (g) approving the
forgiveness of interest, principal or Fees shall be effective unless the same
shall be signed by or on behalf of all of the Lenders;

                  10.2.1.2. no amendment that has the effect of (a) increasing
the duties or obligations of the Agent, (b) increasing the standard of care or
performance required on the part of the Agent, or (c) reducing or eliminating
the indemnities or immunities to which the Agent is entitled (including any
amendment of this Section 10.2.1.2.), shall be effective unless the same shall
be signed by or on behalf of the Agent; and.

                  10.2.1.3. no amendment that has the effect of (a) increasing
the duties or obligations of the Agent Bank with respect to Letters of Credit,
(b) increasing the standard of care or performance required on the part of the
Agent Bank with respect to Letters of Credit, or (c) reducing or eliminating the
indemnities or immunities to which the Agent Bank with respect to Letters of
Credit is entitled (including any amendment of this Section 10.2.1.3.), shall be
effective unless the same shall be signed by or on behalf of the Agent Bank.

            10.2.2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, (a) the Borrower
may, by written notice furnished to the Agent, amend SCHEDULES 1.1C, 5.1., 5.4.
and 10.4. to the extent the changes to such Schedules are expressly permissible
under this Agreement, and (b) a Guarantor may be released hereunder as specified
in the definition of "Unencumbered Asset."


                                          87
<PAGE>

            10.2.3. Any waiver or consent shall be effective only in the
specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. No notice to or
demand on any Borrower Party in any case shall entitle such Borrower Party to
any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. Any
amendment effected in accordance with this Section 10.2. shall be binding upon
each present and future Lender Party and the Borrower.

      SECTION 10.3. CUMULATIVE REMEDIES; FAILURE OR DELAY. The rights and
remedies provided for under this Agreement are cumulative and are not exclusive
of any rights and remedies that may be available to the Lender Parties under
Applicable Law or otherwise. No failure or delay on the part of any Lender Party
in the exercise of any power, right or remedy under the Loan Documents shall
impair such power, right or remedy or operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any such power, right or remedy preclude other or
further exercise thereof or of any other power, right or remedy.

      SECTION 10.4. NOTICES, ETC. All notices and other communications under
this Agreement shall be in writing and (except for financial statements, other
related informational documents and routine communications, which may be sent by
first-class mail, postage prepaid) shall be personally delivered or sent by
prepaid courier, by overnight mail, by overnight, registered or certified mail
(postage prepaid), or by prepaid telex, telecopy or telegram, and shall be
deemed given when received by the intended recipient thereof. Unless otherwise
specified in a notice sent or delivered in accordance with this Section 10.4.,
all notices and other communications shall be given to the parties hereto at
their respective addresses (or to their respective telex or telecopier numbers)
indicated on SCHEDULE 1.1B (in the case of the Lender Parties) or
 10.4. (in the case of the Borrower Parties).

      SECTION 10.5.  SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.  

            10.5.1. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. The Borrower Parties may not assign or transfer any interest hereunder
without the prior written consent of each Lender Party.

            10.5.2. Each Lender shall have the right at any time to assign (an
"ASSIGNMENT") all or any portion of such Lender's Commitment, Committed Advances
or participations in Letters of Credit to one or more banks or other financial
institutions each having a combined capital and surplus of at least
$100,000,000, a minimum long-term debt rating of "Baa-2" by Moody's and a
minimum long-term debt rating of "BBB" by S&P, at the time of such assignment
(or participation, as the case may be), and which have not been involved in
material litigation with the Agent regarding an assigned, participated, or
syndicated credit (an "ELIGIBLE ASSIGNEE"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that (a) each
Assignment of any Commitment shall be of a portion of the Commitments at least
equal to $10,000,000 and, unless otherwise agreed by the Agent, each assignment
shall be of a constant, and not a varying, percentage of all of such Lender's
rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (b) no
Assignment (other than an Assignment to a Person that is then a Lender) shall be
effective without the consent of the 


                                          88
<PAGE>

Agent and the Borrower, which consents shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed, and which consents will not be required if a Default or Event of
Default exists; (c) the parties to the Assignment shall execute and deliver to
the Agent an Assignment and Acceptance substantially in the form of EXHIBIT F
(an "ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE"); and (d) the assignee shall pay to the Agent a
processing and recordation fee of $3,000. From and after the date on which the
conditions in the foregoing clauses and the Assignment and Acceptance have been
satisfied, the assignee shall be a "Lender" hereunder and, to the extent that
rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it, shall have the rights
and obligations (including the obligation to participate in Letters of Credit)
of the assigning Lender hereunder, and the assigning Lender shall, to the extent
that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it, relinquish its
rights and be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the
case of an Assignment covering all or the remaining portion of the assigning
Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, cease to be a party
hereto). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, for so long as Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association is the Agent under this Agreement the
Commitment of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association shall not be less than the
Commitment of the Lender having the second largest Commitment.

            10.5.3. Each Lender shall have the right at any time to grant or
sell participations (each a "PARTICIPATION") in all or any portion of such
Lender's Commitment, Advances (including Committed Advances and Bid Advances) or
participations in Letters of Credit to one or more Eligible Assignees, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 10.5.3. If the Lender
sells or grants a Participation, (a) such Lender shall make and receive all
payments for the account of its participant, (b) such Lender's obligations under
this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (c) such Lender shall continue to be the
sole holder of the Note or Notes and other Loan Documents subject to the
Participation and shall have the sole right to enforce its rights and remedies
under the Loan Documents, (d) the Borrower shall continue to deal solely and
directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and
obligations under the Loan Documents, and (e) the Participation agreement shall
not restrict such Lender's ability to agree to any amendment of the terms of the
Loan Documents, or to exercise or refrain from exercising any powers or rights
that such Lender may have under or in respect of the Loan Documents, shall be
limited to the right to consent to any (A) reduction of the rate or amount, or
any extension of the stated maturity or due date, of any principal, interest or
Fees payable by the Borrower and subject to the Participation or (B) increase in
the amount or extension of the stated termination or reduction date of the
affected Commitment. A Participant shall have the rights of the Lenders under
Sections 2.11. and 2.12., subject to the obligations imposed by such Sections;
PROVIDED that amounts payable to any Participant shall not exceed the amounts
that would have been payable under such Sections to the Lender granting the
Participation, had such Participation not been granted, unless the Participation
is made with the prior written consent of the Borrower.

            10.5.4. Each Lender may at any time assign or pledge any portion of
its rights under the Loan Documents to a Federal Reserve Bank. No such
assignment or pledge shall be subject to the provisions of Sections 10.5.2. or
10.5.3.

            10.5.5. Subject to the provisions of Section 10.6., each Lender
shall have the 



                                          89
<PAGE>

right at any time to furnish one or more potential assignees or participants
with any information concerning the Borrower and the Consolidated Entities that
has been supplied by the Borrower to any Lender Party. The Borrower shall to
supply all reasonably requested information and execute and deliver all such
instruments and take all such further action (including, in the case of an
Assignment, the execution and delivery of replacement Notes) as the Agent may
reasonably request in connection with any Assignment or Participation
arrangement. 

      SECTION 10.6. CONFIDENTIALITY. Each Lender Party will maintain any
confidential information that it may receive from any Borrower Party pursuant to
this Agreement confidential and shall not disclose such information to third
parties without the prior consent of the Borrower, except for disclosure: (a) to
any other Lender Party or an affiliate of any Lender Party or any officer,
director, employee, agent, advisor, legal counsel, accountant or other
professional advisor to such Lender Party or affiliate; (b) to regulatory
officials having jurisdiction over such Lender Party; (c) as required by
Applicable Law or in connection with any legal proceeding; (d) to another Person
in connection with a potential Assignment or Participation, PROVIDED such Person
shall have agreed in writing to be subject to this Section 10.6.; and (e) of
information that has been previously disclosed publicly without breach of this
provision.

      SECTION 10.7.  CHOICE OF FORUM.  

            10.7.1. All actions or proceedings arising in connection with this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be tried and litigated in state or
Federal courts located in Los Angeles, County of Los Angeles, State of
California, unless such actions or proceedings are required to be brought in
another court to obtain subject matter jurisdiction over the matter in
controversy. EACH OF THE BORROWER PARTIES AND THE LENDER PARTIES WAIVES ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO ASSERT THE DOCTRINE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, TO ASSERT THAT
IT IS NOT SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS OR TO OBJECT TO VENUE TO
THE EXTENT ANY PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS SECTION.

            10.7.2. IN ANY ACTION AGAINST ANY BORROWER PARTY, SERVICE OF PROCESS
MAY BE MADE UPON SUCH BORROWER PARTY BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, RETURN
RECEIPT REQUESTED, TO ITS ADDRESS INDICATED IN SCHEDULE 10.4., WHICH SERVICE
SHALL BE DEEMED SUFFICIENT FOR PERSONAL JURISDICTION AND SHALL BE DEEMED
EFFECTIVE 10 DAYS AFTER MAILING.

            10.7.3. Nothing contained in this Section 10.7. shall preclude the
Lender Parties from bringing any action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in the courts of any place where
any Borrower Party or any of its assets may be found or located.

      SECTION 10.8. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES. Except as otherwise
provided herein (including, without limitation, the definition of "Funds from
Operations"), if any changes in generally accepted accounting principles from
those used in the preparation of the financial 


                                          90
<PAGE>

statements referred to in this Agreement hereafter result from by the
promulgation of rules, regulations, pronouncements, or opinions of or required
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants (or successors thereto or agencies with similar
functions), or there shall occur any change in the Borrower's fiscal or tax
years and, as a result of any such changes, there shall result a change in the
method of calculating any of the financial covenants, negative covenants,
standards or other terms or conditions found in this Agreement, then the parties
agree to enter into negotiations in order to amend such provisions so as to
equitably reflect such changes with the desired result that the criteria for
evaluating the Borrower's financial condition shall be the same after such
changes as if such changes had not been made. 

      SECTION 10.9. SURVIVAL OF AGREEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. All
agreements, representations and warranties made herein shall survive the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the closing and the extensions of
credit hereunder and shall continue until payment and performance of any and all
Obligations. Any investigation at any time made by or on behalf of the Lender
Parties shall not diminish the right of the Lender Parties to rely thereon.

      SECTION 10.10. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which counterparts, when so executed and
delivered, shall be deemed to be an original and all of which counterparts,
taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement.

      SECTION 10.11. COMPLETE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, together with the
Exhibits and Schedules hereto, and the other Loan Documents is intended by the
parties as the final expression of their agreement regarding the subject matter
hereof and as a complete and exclusive statement of the terms and conditions of
such agreement.

      SECTION 10.12.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  

            10.12.1. No claim shall be made by any Borrower Party against any
Lender Party or the Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, attorneys or
agents of any Lender Party for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive
damages in respect of any claim for breach of contract or under any other theory
of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or any act, omission or event occurring
in connection therewith; and each Borrower Party hereby waives, releases and
agrees not to sue upon any claim for any such damages, whether or not accrued
and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor.

            10.12.2. Except as otherwise provided in Section 10.12.3., neither
the REIT nor any officer, employee, servant, controlling person, executive,
director, agent or authorized representative thereof (herein referred to as
"OPERATIVES") shall be liable personally for the Obligations. The sole recourse
of any Lender Party for satisfaction of the Obligations shall be to the
Borrower, and each Guarantor of which the REIT is not a general partner, as an
entity, and to the Borrower's and each Guarantor's assets, and not to any assets
of the REIT or its Operatives. In the event that an Event of Default occurs in
connection with the Obligations, no action shall be 


                                          91
<PAGE>

brought against the REIT or its Operatives.

            10.12.3. Notwithstanding anything in Section 10.12.2. to the
contrary, (a) nothing herein shall limit or otherwise prejudice in any way the
right of any Lender Party to proceed against (i) the Borrower, or any Guarantor
of which the REIT is not a general partner, with respect to the enforcement of
any Obligations or the liability of the Borrower or such Guarantor for such
Obligations, or (ii) the assets of any Guarantor with respect to the enforcement
of any Obligations, (b) nothing herein shall limit or otherwise prejudice in any
way the right of any Lender Party to proceed against the REIT with respect to
any breach of its representations, warranties, covenants and obligations in this
Agreement or its liability for any violation of such provisions, and (c) Section
10.12.2. shall not apply to, or constitute a waiver of any claim by any Lender
Party for fraud, deceit, intentional or willful misrepresentation or bad faith
waste. It is expressly agreed that any Lender Party shall have full recourse
against the REIT and its Operatives for any matters referred to in clause (c) of
this section.

      SECTION 10.13. UNSECURED ADVANCES; NO LIEN. The Advances and Letters of
Credit contemplated in this Agreement are unsecured loans and extensions of
credit and no Lien is intended to be created upon the Unencumbered Assets or any
other property of the REIT or any Consolidated Entity by any provision in this
Agreement or the other Loan Documents.

      SECTION 10.14. AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT. On the Closing Date, (a) this
Agreement shall supersede the Existing Credit Agreement insofar as the two are
inconsistent, (b) all Existing Committed Advances will be considered "Committed
Advances" outstanding under this Agreement and (c) all outstanding Existing
Letter of Credit will be considered "Committed Advances" and a "Letter of
Credit" outstanding under this Agreement. However, the execution and delivery of
this Agreement shall not excuse, or constitute a waiver of, any defaults under
the Existing Credit Agreement, it being understood that this Agreement is not a
termination of the Existing Credit Agreement, but is a modification (and, as
modified, a continuation) of the Existing Credit Agreement.

                  [REST OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]





                                          92
<PAGE>

      SECTION 10.15. WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT
HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION
OR CAUSE OF ACTION (a) ARISING UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING ANY PRESENT
OR FUTURE AMENDMENT THEREOF OR (b) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR
INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THE
LOAN DOCUMENTS (AS NOW OR HEREAFTER AMENDED) OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT
OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR THE TRANSACTIONS
RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR
CAUSE OF ACTION IS NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN
CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE AND REGARDLESS OF WHICH PARTY ASSERTS SUCH CLAIM,
DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION; AND EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS
THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT
TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL
COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE
CONSENT OF THE PARTIES TO THE WAIVER OF ANY RIGHT THEY MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE TO
TRIAL BY JURY.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed and delivered as of the date first set forth above.


                                    BORROWER:

                                    THE MACERICH PARTNERSHIP, L.P., a
                                    Delaware limited partnership

                                    By: THE MACERICH COMPANY, a
                                        Maryland corporation, the Sole
                                        General Partner
 
                                        By:  /s/ Thomas E. O'Hern
                                            -----------------------------------
                                            Senior Vice President, Chief
                                            Financial Officer and
                                            Treasurer


                                          93
<PAGE>

                                   INITIAL GUARANTORS:

                                    MACERICH BRISTOL ASSOCIATES, a
                                    California general partnership

                                    By: THE MACERICH COMPANY, a
                                        Maryland corporation, a General 
                                        Partner

                                        By: /s/ Thomas E. O'Hern
                                            -----------------------------------
                                        Name:     Thomas E. O'Hern
                                        Title:    Senior Vice President, Chief
                                                  Financial Officer and
                                                  Treasurer

                                    By: THE MACERICH PARTNERSHIP, L.P., a
                                        Delaware limited partnership, a
                                        General Partner


                                        By: THE MACERICH COMPANY, a
                                            Maryland corporation, the Sole
                                            General Partner

                                            By: /s/ Thomas E. O'Hern
                                                -------------------------------
                                            Name:  Thomas E. O'Hern
                                            Title: Senior Vice President, Chief
                                                   Financial Officer and
                                                   Treasurer

                                    MACERICH BUENAVENTURA LIMITED
                                    PARTNERSHIP, a California limited
                                    partnership

                                    BY:  MACERICH BUENAVENTURA GP CORP., a
                                         Delaware corporation, the Sole General
                                         Partner

                                         By: /s/ Thomas E. O'Hern
                                             ----------------------------------
                                         Name:  Thomas E. O'Hern
                                         Title: Senior Vice President, Chief
                                                Financial Officer and
                                                Treasurer


                                          94
<PAGE>

                                    MACERICH HUNTINGTON LIMITED
                                    PARTNERSHIP, a California limited
                                    partnership

                                    BY:  MACERICH HUNTINGTON GP CORP., a
                                    Delaware corporation, the Sole General
                                    Partner

                                          By: /s/ Thomas E. O'Hern
                                             ----------------------------------
                                          Name:  Thomas E. O'Hern
                                          Title: Senior Vice President, Chief
                                                 Financial Officer and
                                                 Treasurer

                                    MACERICH STONEWOOD LIMITED PARTNERSHIP,
                                    a California limited partnership

                                    BY:  MACERICH STONEWOOD GP CORP., a
                                         Delaware corporation, the Sole General
                                         Partner

                                         By: /s/ Thomas E. O'Hern
                                             ----------------------------------
                                         Name:  Thomas E. O'Hern
                                         Title: Senior Vice President, Chief
                                                Financial Officer and
                                                Treasurer

                                    REIT:

                                    THE MACERICH COMPANY, a Maryland
                                    corporation

                                    By:  /s/ Thomas E. O'Hern
                                        -----------------------------------
                                    Name:   Thomas E. O'Hern
                                    Title:  Senior Vice President, Chief
                                            Financial Officer and
                                            Treasurer


                                          95
<PAGE>

                                   AGENT:

                                    WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
                                    as Agent

                                    By:  /s/ Wayne H. Choi
                                        -----------------------------------
                                    Name:   Wayne H. Choi
                                    Title:  Assistant Vice President

                                    LENDERS:

                                    WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

                                    By:  /s/ Wayne H. Choi
                                        -----------------------------------
                                    Name:   Wayne H. Choi
                                    Title:  Assistant Vice President



                                    NATIONSBANK, N.A.

                                    By:  /s/ Laurence C. Hughes
                                        -----------------------------------
                                    Name:   Laurence C. Hughes
                                    Title:  Vice President



                                    CREDIT LYONNAIS, NEW YORK BRANCH

                                    By:  /s/ Bruce F. Evans
                                        -----------------------------------
                                    Name:   Bruce F. Evans
                                    Title:  Vice President



                                    FLEET NATIONAL BANK

                                    By:  /s/ Margaret Mulcahy
                                        -----------------------------------
                                    Name:   Margaret Mulcahy
                                    Title:  Senior Vice President


                                          96
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 21.1

                                    LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

THE MACERICH PARTNERSHIP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership

LAKEWOOD MALL BUSINESS COMPANY, a Delaware business trust

LAKEWOOD MALL FINANCE COMPANY, a Delaware corporation

MACERICH BRISTOL ASSOCIATES, a California general partnership

MACERICH BUENAVENTURA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH BUENAVENTURA GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH CARMEL GP CORP, a Delaware corporation

MACERICH CARMEL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH CITADEL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH CITADEL GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH CM VILLAGE GP CORP, a Delaware corporation

MACERICH CM VILLAGE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH CORTE MADERA GP CORP, a Delaware corporation

MACERICH CORTE MADERA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH EQ LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH EQ GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH FARGO ASSOCIATES, a California general partnership

MACERICH FAYETTEVILLE GP CORP, a Delaware corporation

MACERICH FAYETTEVILLE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH FRESNO LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH FRESNO GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH GREAT FALLS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH GREAT FALLS GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH GREELEY ASSOCIATES, a California general partnership

MACERICH HUNTINGTON LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH HUNTINGTON GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

                                      78
<PAGE>

MACERICH LUBBOCK GP CORP, a Delaware corporation

MACERICH LUBBOCK LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH MANAGEMENT COMPANY, a California corporation

MACERICH MANHATTAN LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH MANHATTAN GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH MANHATTAN MANAGEMENT COMPANY, a California corporation

MACERICH MARINA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH MARINA GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH NORTHWESTERN ASSOCIATES, a California general partnership

MACERICH OKLAHOMA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH OKLAHOMA GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH PPR CORP, a Maryland corporation

MACERICH PROPERTY EQ GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH PROPERTY MANAGEMENT COMPANY, a California corporation

MACERICH QUEENS ADJACENT GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH QUEENS ADJACENT GUARANTY G.P. CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH QUEENS ADJACENT LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH QUEENS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH QUEENS FUNDING CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH QUEENS GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH RIMROCK GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH RIMROCK LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH SCG FUNDING GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH SCG FUNDING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH SCG GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH SCG HOLDING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH SCG LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH SASSAFRAS GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH SASSAFRAS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

                                      79
<PAGE>

MACERICH SOUTH TOWNE GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH SOUTH TOWNE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH ST MARKETPLACE GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH ST MARKETPLACE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH STONEWOOD GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH STONEWOOD LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH VALLEY VIEW ADJACENT GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH VALLEY VIEW ADJACENT LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited 
  partnership

MACERICH VALLEY VIEW GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH VALLEY VIEW LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH VINTAGE FAIRE GP CORP., a Delaware corporation

MACERICH VINTAGE FAIRE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH WESTSIDE ADJACENT GP CORP, a Delaware corporation

MACERICH WESTSIDE ADJACENT LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MACERICH WESTSIDE GP CORP, a Delaware corporation

MACERICH WESTSIDE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

MANHATTAN VILLAGE LLC, a California limited liability company

NORTHGATE MALL ASSOCIATES, a California general partnership

NORTH VALLEY PLAZA ASSOCIATES, a California general partnership

PACIFIC PREMIER RETAIL TRUST, a Maryland real estate investment trust

PANORAMA CITY ASSOCIATES, a California general partnership

PPR ALBANY PLAZA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

PPR CASCADE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

PPR CREEKSIDE CROSSING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

PPR CROSS COURT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

PPR EASTLAND PLAZA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

PPR KITSAP MALL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

PPR KITSAP PLACE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

PPR NORTH POINT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

                                      80
<PAGE>

PPR REDMOND DEVELOPMENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

PPR REDMOND OFFICE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

PPR REDMOND RETAIL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

PPR SQUARE TOO LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

PPR WASHINGTON SQUARE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

SDG MACERICH PROPERTIES, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership

SM PORTFOLIO LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a California limited partnership

WEST ACRES DEVELOPMENT, a North Dakota general partnership



                                      81

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 23.1

                      CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
                                       
         We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration 
statements of The Macerich Company on Form S-3 (File No. 333-21157), Form S-3 
(File No. 333-38721) and Form S-8 of our report dated March 17, 1999, on our 
audits of the consolidated financial statements and financial statement 
schedule of The Macerich Company as of December 31, 1998 and 1997 and for the 
years ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996, which report is included in the 
Annual Report on Form 10-K.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Los Angeles, California
March 29, 1999










                                      82

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.2
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF KPMG
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 23.2

                      CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

The Partners
SDG Macerich Properties, L.P.
and
The Board of Directors
The Macerich Company

     We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration 
statements of The Macerich Company on Form S-3 (File No. 333-21157), Form S-3 
(File No. 333-38721) and Form S-8 of our report dated February 11, 1999, 
relating to the balance sheet of SDG Macerich Properties, L.P. as of December 
31, 1998 and the related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows, 
and partners' equity for the year then ended, and the related schedule, which 
report appears in the December 31, 1998 Annual Report on Form 10-K of The 
Macerich Company.

KPMG LLP
Indianapolis, Indiana
March 23, 1999









                                      83

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>13
<DESCRIPTION>FDS
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<PAGE>
<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM THE
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AND CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOUND ON
PAGES 40 AND 41 OF THE COMPANY'S FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1998
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1998
<CASH>                                          25,143
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                   37,373
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                          0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                     0
<PP&E>                                       2,213,125
<DEPRECIATION>                               (246,280)
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               2,322,056
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                           30,654
<BONDS>                                      1,507,118
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                               91
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                           338
<OTHER-SE>                                     576,984
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                 2,322,056
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               283,861
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                   94,364
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                63,101
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              91,433
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                      0
<INCOME-TAX>                                         0
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             34,963
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                (2,435)
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    32,528
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                    $1.06
<EPS-DILUTED>                                    $1.06
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
